[Music]
Jeffy you've been doing that for 12
hours straight we didn't sleep at all
last night Jeffy please stop but Danny
if I stop then who's going to do it
exactly okay that's it Jeffy I will give
you $100 to go shopp and go buy whatever
you want oh that's exactly what I was
waiting for haha I got my way okay now
we can finally go to sleep thank
god oh what's that it sounds like a lawn
mower okay that's it I'm going to go
have a talk with that
guy hey howy neighbor hey can you turn
this off I can't hear you over the sound
of my lawnmower turn it off what can I
do for you neighbor listen I didn't get
any sleep last night and I'm trying to
take a nap and you're lawn mower is just
so goddamn loud so can you please just
not mow your lawn today no can do
neighbor see I've won yard of the year
for 10 years in a row I'm trying to go
for 11 and nothing's going to stop me
from doing that yard of the Year yep
well I see a straggler
there you are you little rascal gotcha
what what are you doing every blade of
grass in my yard has to be exactly 2.75
in or else I might not win yard of the
year wait what is this yard of the year
you keep talking about every year the
HOA holds an annual yard of the Year
meeting and I've won the past 10 years
and I have the trophies to prove it you
want to see them not really oh come on
let's go see
them honey I'm home and I brought
company oh good I just baked some
cookies camp now they're H oh oh honey
these cookies look sweet but not as
sweet as you are keep that up mister
you're going to earn yourself a kiss
well what do I have to do for two come
here sweeth
Hawk okay you have to try my wife's
cookies they're to die for and by die
for I mean from the diabetes I also made
a shakie board oh you have to try my
wife Shak cerie board it's totally worth
the high cholesterol oh Hank stop it
what did you say your name was the
name's Hank hucker and this is my wife
Suzanne hucker Doo and we have two
beautiful hucker Doo children we sure
hucker do oh kids get down here you
called me Father did you need something
mother kids we have company and you
didn't come downstairs and introduce
yourselves that is a hucker don't so no
TV for a week ah shoot my apologies
father I agree with you entirely and
that punishment is Justified and you
know you kids are supposed to be
practicing your voice lessons let me
hear what you've been working on all
right Susie like we practiced oh one and
two and 1 2 3 the wheels on the bus go
round and round round and round round
and round the wheels on the bus go
and
three how is that father $1,000 a week
in voice lessens and that's the effort
you give me you take your asses upstair
and keep practicing you're never going
to get on American Idol singing like
that I ha my life I hate it here you
take your tan ass to the room sorry
about that Marvin just a little bit of
family bickery uh should I leave oh
nonsense let me show you my
trophies there they are Marvin all 10 of
my first place best lawn trophies wow
that's a lot of trophies yep there's 10
of them I count them every single day
and I'm hoping to get number 11 today
wait the contest ends today yep and
hopefully one day you'll be able to get
a trophy in another lifetime oh honey
you scared me time for you to lick the
bar soap honey you committed a hucker
don't what hucker don't did I commit you
broke the first one a Huck don't be a
potty mouth oh I guess I did all right
give me a
lick what is this those are the hucker
do and don'ts of the hucker doo
household you do want to be a hucker doo
and you don't want to be a hucker don't
for example you do want to do your
homework and you do want to do your
chores
but you don't want to be a cheater and
you don't want to be a sore loser you
got it uh yeah listen I'm going to go
work on my yard for the competition your
yard well let's go have a look shall we
neighbor neighbor neighbor you see this
this is dead grass somebody called the
Corner's office my grass isn't that dead
well you see my yard it's bright green
and volumptuous yours is dead and pardon
my French ass I might have to report you
to the HOA because this is an i sword to
the neighborhood but I wouldn't do that
to you you
neighbor I'm going to go finish cutting
my grass my my grass isn't
ass Marvin you couldn't get them to stop
mowing their lawn no baby is our grass
ass what are you talking about the
hucker dudes have the best grass in the
neighborhood who are the hucker dudes
the neighbors and they said our grass is
ass our grass isn't ass it's just grass
well the hucker D have won best lawn 10
years in a row Marvin no one cares that
much about grass besides there's more
important things to worry about look
here I found some earplugs let's put
them in and take a nap well I want to
hire someone to fix our grass Marvin you
just gave Jeffy $100 we can't afford
that well the hucker dudes have bright
green grass and our grass is all dead I
want to call a grassmaster or someone
who works on grass to fix our grass hey
there somebody call a landscaper yeah my
grass is kind of dead yeah I can see
that is there any way you can make it
green oh yeah sure I could put some
fertilizer on it water it for a bit
that' make it pretty green well how
long's that going to take yeah probably
a couple months I don't have a couple
months I need it green by this afternoon
this afternoon that's not happening man
this grass is dead so you can't make my
grass greener than that guys holy [ __ ]
that's the most beautiful yard I've ever
seen his grass is so green it's greener
than Greenland well it's greener than
Iceland see Iceland's actually the green
one see what happened was Eric the Red
he was a viking and he got kicked out of
Iceland and he went to go live over in
Greenland so he told people that it was
green and grassy even though it's all
icy and shitty and then when they got
there it was all snow and they were
pretty pissed off but they had to live
there anyway so I mean I get why they
called it that then to trick people but
seems like they could change it now
doesn't really make a lot of sense
anyway anyway I'm going to go over there
and talk to him about his grass cuz his
grass seems great enjoy your dead grass
oh come
on all done I think she's ready for the
competition hey I love your grass thank
you it's nice to meet another grass
connoisseur like myself what is this
aoya grass it's lovely St Augustine oh
of course of course I should have known
hey you see that guy's dead grass over
there yeah let's point at his dead grass
and laugh at him dead grass you should
check that grass's pulse which wouldn't
have one cuz it's grass and also cuz
it's dead
dead grass someone needs to get a
defibrillator on that grass dead grass
hey my grass is going to be better than
your
grass Marvin you got them to stop mowing
their lawn baby I just got laughed at by
two grown men about my grass I thought
you said you were going to hire someone
to help that's who laughed at me oh well
Marvin now that it's quiet let's take a
nap I just want my grass to be green hey
Daddy I spent all that money you gave me
at Burger King on a bunch of food so now
I need more money
see Marvin we should have taken a nap
before Jeffy got home Jeffy stop it huh
listen Jeffy I'm tired I'm upset and my
grass will never be green you want green
grass Daddy yeah but it's impossible to
have it green by the end of the day well
I think I can help with that what no
Jeffy don't touch my grass I'll make my
daddy's grass green
and done Daddy's going to love this o
baby look look how green that grass is
yes Marvin it's very green I don't care
oh and look how green that grass is oo
Daddy I have a surprise for you are you
going to be quiet so we can go to sleep
never daddy close your eyes turn around
and walk backwards outside are you going
to shoot me in the head cuz that would
be really nice no come on Daddy all
right daddy turn around surprise Jeffy
did you get my grass green spray paint
you you spray painted my grass JY well
there is no other way to get the grass
this green before this afternoon I mean
do you like it yeah Jeffy it actually is
really green even if it is spray paint
it's greener than the Huger DW's grass
you we may actually win the contest
hello and welcome to the neighborhood
best lawn competition I'm here with 10
time back-to-back Champion Hank hucko
nice teeth Hank thanks Steve Hank I got
to say your grass is even greener than
it was last year guilty is charged on
the grass well Hank here's your trophy
for best lawn since nobody else even
tried thanks Steve finally I've won 11
years in a row oh my God give me that
that grass over there is green as [ __ ]
what Good Golly this is the greenest
grass I've ever seen wait really yeah
I'm going to give you this trophy for
best lawn I won yes how do you get your
grass this green uh well I I love to
water it and I also feed it grass food
no wait just a darn Rootin toot and
second I say he cheated now Hank don't
be a sore loser but he did cheat there's
spray paint right here spray paint I
didn't spray paint the grass I'll do a
smell test oh I'm high as [ __ ] this has
definitely been spray painted give me
that trophy back you're disqualified
cheating is against the rules you use
performance-enhancing grass here you go
Hank I'm sorry I even doubted you thanks
Steve I should have noticed he didn't
even spray paint his whole yard you're
disqualified
oh howdy Marvin lookie here I'm going to
bang my wife on top of my first place
lawn trophy oh Suzanne yes honey lay on
top of my trophy oh like we did last
year
exactly oh
my I guess I'll never win the best lawn
award hey there me and the HOA talked
about it and we decided you do deserve
one trophy second place no the worst
lawn trophy we all [ __ ] in it we hope
you rot in hell you cheating
bastard e Marvin what is that it's the
worst lawn award what we don't have the
worst lawn baby our lawn is covered in
spray paint who would do that right here
guilty is charged Jeffy spray painted
our grass green to make it Greener well
at least Jeffy tried to help thank you
Mommy at least someone around here
appreciates my efforts well Marvin I
guess the grass isn't always greener on
the other side it is greener on the
other side the hucker do lawn is so
green you know what Marvin take me over
there I want to meet these hucker so I
can know who you're talking about oh no
baby you're never going to meet them
they are the worst kind of people you
should never meet the hucker oh okay
well with that being said I need more
money
[Music]
you