Oh class today you have a huge test
tomorrow so to get ready for your test
tomorrow
you have to study today because today is
yesterday's tomorrow and tomorrow is
just today's today any questions Kraus
uh so Cody wins the test I think it was
yesterday or tomorrow
so crap if you fail a huge test tomorrow
oh yeah so make sure you study tonight
and I'll see you tomorrow okay go home
Mike Ross
oh okay jr. so we have a test tomorrow
that we have to study for today okay
well can you come over to my house and
help me study I really don't want to
fail whoo okay jr. a little one-on-one
I'm down can you guys help me study I
don't know what study means all right
Jeffy you want in on this action all
right we can make it a threesome oh
three of us studying sounds hot all
right let's go to on home now we can
study all right guys are you ready to
study I guess okay yeah all right let's
get started
that's a big book Cody yeah it is I'll
just pick a random page yeah okay a
painter will paint and walls with the
same size and shape in a building using
a specific boring Jeff you want to watch
TV
sure that's watching TV guys we're
supposed to be studying we want to watch
TV Cody will study after do you like
mini-golf
do you like free mini golf I bet your
parents do so come on down from 7:00
a.m. to 1 p.m. and mini-golf for free
tomorrow only during school hours
oh my god free mini golfing with 7:00
and don't want beer we gotta go yeah you
know we're definitely going but guys you
can't go in school tomorrow we have a
huge test oh I completely forgot we have
school tomorrow
this sucks you know what I'm still going
but Jimmy if you don't go you'll fail no
the teacher didn't say if we didn't show
up we'd fail he just said we'd fail if
he failed the test so if I don't show up
tomorrow I'll just take the test another
day but wait I'm getting a phone call
hold on oh it's the teacher Yello hey
Cory cept each are you a Jeffy in junior
Yeah right
do you want me to be alone no I want you
to tell them that if they decide not to
show up to school tomorrow then they're
gonna fail
it's theory oh really okay
let him know bye alright guys the
teacher says if you don't show up to
school tomorrow you'll fail instantly
well he said that yeah Oh Jeffy we can't
go mini golfing tomorrow huge loads I
know it sure does
well you know I'm still going mini
golfing tomorrow I don't care but junior
what are you gonna do when the teacher
sees your note at school and he fails
you well I'll just pay someone to go to
school for me what Jenny you can't pay
anybody you obviously don't have money
because you want to go to free mini golf
well I'll have $5 in my room who are you
gonna hire with $5.00 there's someone
off the street okay good luck finding
somebody well I am fine so just give me
like five five minutes Cody Cody you
won't believe this I literally found my
doppelganger on the street he looks just
like me which one you kids is the
birthday boy I thought this poor man
trying to heat up his cereal with a
lighter and a spoon Junior that's a
homeless birthday clown and and he looks
nothing like you well hold on hold on
hold on what colors my hair orange and
what colors his hair orange boom okay
what else we're both black what yeah I
took a DNA test turns out on 1% that in
word okay well it's the 1% that doesn't
show I mean you haven't seen me in the
bathroom yeah okay Junior this is a
stupid plan he doesn't look like you he
look exactly like we're twinning right
now no you're not oh look he's gotta go
to school for me it's gonna work when do
I get my five bucks oh hold on here it
is
yep it's real I'll see you tomorrow
good yeah well you won't see me tomorrow
you're going to school it's me tomorrow
whatever okay great so who's gonna take
Jeffy's place huh I know who can take
Jeffy's place okay Cody I had the
perfect replacement for JP hey fat boy
my name cooter no jr. not scooter
what's wrong with scooter everything is
wrong with scooter there's nothing wrong
with scooter fat boy you wanna fight
Junior he looks nothing like Jeffy
scooter okay yeah we know your scooter
we need you to be Jeffy that's good yeah
we get it we get your scooter all right
good you don't even know that's code a
no got there where a motor wait Junior
did this is never going to work
look look he looks just like Jeffy so
the teachers gonna think he's like it's
gonna work so let's find you a
replacement but I'm not going what
you're not no I don't want to fail the
test
but being Jeff you're going well you've
done a bad job of finding replacement so
I'm not gonna risk failing we'll give
you at least watch scooter and screw Bo
or what we go mini golfing tomorrow I'll
try but I don't think it'll work I'll
just make sure they do get in school and
make sure they pass the test okay okay
hey my parents are gonna be home
tomorrow so I can you know be out all
day no no one's gonna know I'm skipping
school okay so just watch scooter and
watch Scoob all right but I decided to
come to school today anyway because you
guys still have to take your huge test
today so before we take the huge test
today
I'm gonna call roll and make sure you
hear because if you're not here you
instantly fail the test because how you
gonna take tests you not here okay so I
didn't go get my roll sheet how many
balls you supposed to have again two on
each side or no son felt like a
four-piece happy meal down there i Fat
Boy my name is Peter great no no your
name is Jesse cooter on my charter today
yeah I see that but your name's supposed
to be Jesse today but that's great oh
hey Corey yeah whatever what's my name's
supposed to be again it's Junior Oh
Doody
you got it thanks Gordon no no no not
Judy Junior Oh Junior I got it Corey
thanks Tony
which one is it
my name is Cody your name is junior no
my name is screwball no today your name
is junior all right Judy I got it I got
the role she so when I call your name
say here if you hear okay hi Junior
junior are you here
most on Cory he called for junior who's
that that's you screwball you know we
just went over this you're supposed to
be junior how about you're confusing me
Cory so I thought you were handling it
look just stay here what's in it for me
five bucks we already pay you remember
that I slept under a bridge last night
okay
here's five more dollars to stay here
hmm there's something different about
you Junior
did you get a tan oh it doesn't matter
you're here anyway
all right Jeffy are you here Jeffy boy
pull my ear yeah I can see that but he
calls her Jeffy but my my mr. I know but
I need you to be Jesse focus focused I
just need you to say you're here but
that means lime let's do it a lot okay I
just need you to like this one time no
don't don't pull your no you want me to
do Corey yeah do it right
all right Duffy's here Oh Cody are you
here oh hey Corey he said your name yeah
I know
thank you I'm here all right so Cody
here so basically everybody here
all right cross now I'm gonna go around
and pass out your huge test today your
test today
is that you have to write an essay
explaining the color blue to a blind
person
what how are we supposed to do that has
the person been blind their whole life
or did they just like become blind
they've been blind their whole life they
never see comes alright I'm coming to
pass out the test now alright Jeff your
tests that 9/8 gator what nothing you
just pass up a test I'm ready
all right here you go do you hear your
test do you sit up if you can I have my
test davleen here you go Cody jr. I said
shut up
teacher what day is it I forgot today is
today oh oh thank you thank you oh you
are giving it to take your test go
minutes not only do I have to take one
test I have to take three wait here
there no no screw ball we're past that I
need you to take this test oh you need
me to paint a cup I'm not gonna pass no
no screw ball I need you to write on
that piece of paper and explain the
color blue to a blind person
no I'm on a quarry I got it alright skim
it alright boy yeah I need you to write
on that piece of paper and explain the
color blue to a blind person not a
moment
I really hope jr. and Jeff you're having
fun
Shelby this is so cool that were mini
golfing for free I'm gonna hit this golf
ball or it's ended junior high I'm gonna
get a hole it away come on
all right Debbie your turn all right
ball I'm punishing you you're moon so
nice to go outside and get some fresh
air mister mister are you okay no I'm
not okay some idiot just nailed me in
the head with a golf ball sorry that's
my friend Jeffy wait why aren't you kids
in school oh it's the weekend
no it's not oh we're sick okay then what
are you doing playing golf Oh skip
school all right that's it I'm calling
your parents head chubby we can't hurt
him we gotta try to get him to go away
because our parent can't find out we
skipped school um oh I'm gonna pretend
to be my dad okay all right boys the
fake mustaches hello what do you want
always busy in my room doing the adult
stuff like taxes
well sorry did you know you kids were
skipping school today hey what are you
kidding me
they were skipping school I can't
believe what I just heard of my adult
ears I'm gonna give them the biggest
punishment ever
yeah well you should cuz they hit me in
the head with a golf ball hey what are
you kidding me a golf ball kids get down
either yes Daddy
did you hit this nice police officer in
the head with a golf ball yep
well you better say you're sorry I'm
sorry that's right you say sorry he
meant it no so you better go up to your
room and do 30,000 push-ups
yes Father sorry you see me be a parent
but I just can't believe what he did
skipping school like that you know
that's okay you have a good day you too
at least he said he was sorry wait a
minute where's the other kid Jeffy I
can't believe he believed it yeah I
think it's the cop again
no hello what are you doing back here I
was fixing my vacuum cleaner well I was
just wondering where the other kid is
what other kid yeah there were two kids
earlier yeah that kid he died really
yeah he just choked on a grape well hon
it great two graves we were playing
chubby bunny with grapes and he ate too
many jokes oh my god sir I'm so sorry
for your loss yeah don't bring it up
anymore it really hurts my feelings
could it just happen like 30 seconds ago
oh oh my god well I'll leave you alone
then I'm sorry yeah don't ever come back
here all right Jeffy
eww tests good thing I see it but the
blind man not gonna see it all right do
you youdo you test yeah yeah he's done
to my balls okay my tests don't get a
grade it all right buddy all right
almost are grading your test that's not
good hey idiot not good no it's not it's
idiot cuz you're an idiot my good David
dirt can I see your shirt it's stupid
now you're a bitter ball yeah got a yeah
nothing but net
hey bro why'd you do that
for ball right that boy you want by yeah
let's fight right now
let's go poopoo head what what are you
doing you want fight fat boy that's it
you have four
chappie I'm home are you here hey fat
boy I got in trouble today scooter what
are you doing here I went to school
today you at the school yeah what's this
note say Jeffy called a kitty poopoo
head pre-read and then started fighting
the student yeah how did you get this
note I was gonna die what did Jeff he go
to school today
no you didn't Jeffy get in here
oh hey Jeffy did you go to school today
yeah no use going Junior made me go with
a clown
Chucky what is he talking about Oh No
okay well scooter se doesn't slice a
scooter tell me exactly what happened
Jeffy skipped over Junior and made me go
with a clown oh that's right
so then Jeffy you're grounded if you
skip school so did you skip school yes
that's it Jeffy you are grounded you
know you're gonna skip school so you're
grounded and I'm gonna go call juniors
dad can I tell his kids skips go to so
he's grounded too okay so you're both
gonna be grounded scooter for telling
the truth you can have this back get
inside so I can push you down the stairs
[Music]