so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored yeah I don't
know o Joseph should I roast Cody to
Oblivion oh yeah dude do it roast his
ass oh come on guys we don't
have wearing a checkerboard shirt head
ass oo flame his ass dude okay wearing
glasses head ass oh he hold it back to
day yeah wearing a bow tie head ass oh
Savage Savage wait these aren't even
insults you're just saying what I'm
wearing and then saying head ass coming
from a mop head ass oh put them in the
casket okay Cody you got to do junior
okay no no like you got to roast me oh
okay I'm not really good at this um
beady little eyes like a bird head ass
godamn oh no he just got lucky he got
lucky all right oh okay um uh a weird
little island of hair head ass oh you
talking about your hair now dude okay
chill out chill out chill out chill out
you're going too far um where's a bib
like a baby head ass oh he got you no no
we're not doing that too far you better
apologize okay I'm going in for the kill
I guess um Ron Weasley Ginger from Harry
Potter looking head
ass take that back okay I'm sorry I
didn't mean it yeah guys I don't want to
play this game anymore it's not fun it's
not oh okay so when you're roasting me
it's fun but when I'm doing it to you
you don't like it no I don't want to I
don't want to do it hurt my feelings
watch TV I just want everyone to know
that the hazian in Springfield Ohio are
eating the cats and dogs they're like
yummy the yummiest that they've ever
tasted I've personally never tasted it
but they're saying yummy me every time
they eat your cat and dog wait are they
really eating cats and dogs in Ohio no
Junior then why would he say that on TV
I don't know you know everything on TV
is supposed to be true I know that's the
rule but he broke it well our teacher
eats cats and dogs it's true the best
cat and dogs in Springfield Ohio is he
Haitian though no he's only Asian so
guys if you were old enough who would
you vote for for president I ain't going
to lie bro I probably vote for KLA what
not Trump he got shot in the ear yeah
that [ __ ] was cool and all but uh KLA is
a safe bed no all the coolest presents
have gotten shot like John F Kennedy
shot Abraham Lincoln shot true true
James Garfield the cat no he died no the
president what Garfield was a president
what what no James Garfield the
president in the 1800s his first name
was James I didn't know Garfield I
thought Garfield's name was just
Garfield I thought he liked lasagna no
not not the cartoon cat there was a guy
named James Garfield what I there was
actually like a human being named
Garfield yeah yeah that was his name see
all the presidents are cool even look
that guy's that President was named
after the cartoon no way well he wasn't
named after the cartoon he came first
and he wasn't voiced by Chris Pratt okay
they didn't just come up with the name
Garfield the cartoon came out first and
his dad named him after that no if
anything the cat was named after the
president listen all the coolest pres
got shot in the head and they all done
cool stuff like jonath Kennedy sent us
to the moon and Abraham Lincoln he he
never lied yeah that's true I mean
George Washington didn't lie either see
did he get shot oh no he didn't get shot
well still Abraham Lincoln's a pretty
cool president and look he's on two two
pieces of money he's on a $5 bill and a
penny and he freed the slaves dude I got
a theory on that got a theory yeah so
what if Abraham Lincoln didn't mean to
free the slaves he meant to set their
price tag to free so like you could just
have one I beg you pardon no no don't
get mad don't get don't don't cancel us
like listen think about it what if
Abraham Lincoln when he said I'm going
to free the slaves he meant that
everyone could have one for free no no I
think he meant to free them it was
literally called The Emancipation
Proclamation I don't know what that word
means well emancipation means to free
yeah to set free so maybe he meant to
set the price to free no no no it means
like free like to liberate well have you
ever asked him no because he's dead okay
well if he wasn't dead we could say hey
what did you mean cuz I think maybe he
meant to set the price to free people
got confused they set them free and he
goes well that was pretty cool me that
made me look really good so I'm just
going to stick with that I get it it's a
fair argument yeah no no I don't think
so but I mean I do have a time machine
if you want to go back in time and ask
him well yeah let's go back in time and
ask Abraham Lincoln what he meant when
he set the slaves free okay I'll get my
time machine yeah all right guys this is
my new portable time machine portable
yeah I got tired of hauling the other
one around it was just too clunky so how
does this one work well you see the
problem with this one is you can only
use it once a year because it uses the
power of a black hole and that takes
about a year to charge so you can only
go somewhere and come back once and then
you have to wait till next year that's
kind of lame yeah well who wants to go
see Abraham Lincoln I do I do Joseph you
want to go see Abraham Lincoln nah dude
I think I'm going to chill here you
don't want to meet Abraham Lincoln no I
don't think it's safe for me to go in
that timeline uh how is it not safe I
mean it's Le bro black people were
considered three- fifths a person they
were that short no dude no just leave
without me but you'll be the tallest
black guy there I guess so but just
leave without me okay guys we all have
to hold hands I promise it's nothing gay
it's just you have to be holding on to
anything that you're taking with you
okay come on Ken you want to go see
Abraham Lincoln of course you do he's
your favorite President okay now I just
have to say the date April 15th
1865
Kow oh I forgot to push the button
[Music]
this play [ __ ] sucks Abraham what it
does I wanted to see Lion King we'll see
Lion King next time we'll see Lion King
next time it's not like I have a country
to run or anything to get a picture of
this send it to Andrew Johnson he's not
going to believe this [ __ ] excuse me sir
no flash photography oh come on what am
I even going to do with it it's not like
I'm going to take a video and post it to
YouTube hm
YouTube Mary what if there was a website
where you could post videos what's a
video I don't know oh excuse me sir oh
please call me Lincoln Mr Lincoln sorry
to bother you you know I just wanted to
thank you for fre this ladies and all
can I get your autograph real quick oh
yes of course and I'll do it for free oh
yall heard it he said the line that's my
dog hey hey I'm a vote for you like they
can vote working on that you see that
free the slaves and you would think
since I did such a good thing they would
give me some better [ __ ] seats than
having to sit way the hell up here where
I can't see anything I would have said
front row I would have said well that
gentleman is sitting is he the president
oh no he's not because I'm the president
I can't even see everybody looks like
ants down here Abraham behave yourself
we're getting front row for Lion King I
want to see the stilts on the giraffes
fine excuse me can I get you to any
concessions oh yes I would like some
gummy bears a three Musketeers Bar and
some buttered popcorn Abraham you're on
a diet oh yes I forgot no gummy bears no
Three Musketeers Bar and shoot me in the
[ __ ] head Abraham okay extra butter
for the popcorn I got
you I'm so [ __ ] bored I'm going to
listen to my records did you bring my
airpods I don't know what those are
neither do
I oh Abraham don't bring that out please
it's so embarrassing well I need
something entertaining instead of How I
Met My cous or whatever the [ __ ] this is
yes that's my [ __ ] that's my jam uh Mr
Lincoln your popcorn yes marry the
popcorn thank you you're welcome if
there's anything else you know just let
are you okay what are you trying to kill
me what is your name my name is John
wils booer well John sucks poop this
popcorn is butterless and stale I
specifically requested butter popcorn
I'm sorry sir well fix it yes sir I hate
it here Abraham you talk too much sh
well you know where they didn't say that
at the Gettysburg address where I spoke
for a very long time people love that
[ __ ] for score in seven years ago Mr
Lincoln your buttered popcorn thank you
Jacob yes sir what is that is that a
hair yes sir really and do you think
that the president of the United States
who freed the slaves and ended the Civil
War should have to eat hairy popcorn no
sir then fix it
oh my word oh it is hot in here Abraham
you shaved your head well I had lice we
don't have a cure for that
yet here's your popcorn with no hair now
wait a minute is this the same popcorn
that touched the hair yes sir so you
just took the hair away and you didn't
replace the popcorn yes sir oh good hey
everybody who's richer than the
president and gets better seats enjoy my
popcorn don't worry hair touched it now
you listen here Jacob I will have your
job I will have you fired I would rather
be shot in the head than have to watch
this boring [ __ ] play and deal with
your terrible service get out of my
[Music]
Psy Abraham get up oh haha very funny
the plays that boring you fell asleep
get up oh I'm out of
here wait where's Abraham W oh damnn it
Junior we're too late he already got
shot what you said you got the time
right well I didn't know the exact time
oh so what do we do now I guess now we
just go back to our time well well we're
not going to be able to do anything fun
that we said we were going to do I know
but we don't want to mess anything up
here we should just go back okay okay
hold my
hand oh Abraham I don't want to fight
let's just go home oh Abraham you've
gotten smaller you are so tall
anyway what wow Cody I can't believe you
took us back in time after Abraham
Lincoln got shot yeah I guess we're just
going to have to wait till next year and
get the time right next time wait
where's Ken I don't know a damn it what
I left Ken on Abraham Lincoln's dead
body you did yeah now we're going to
have to wait till next year to get him
back you don't seem too upset about
having to wait a year well it's fine I
know I'm going to get him back I just
have to wait a little while and honestly
that's fine I was thinking about
downloading grinder and seeing what
those glory holes are all about wait a
minute Cody you left Ken on Abraham
Lincoln's dead body what do you think
that did to history I don't know whoa
look look at the $5 bill wait is that
Ken why is Ken on a $5 bill oh my God
they must have gotten Ken confused with
Abraham Lincoln how do that even happen
they look nothing alike yeah and Abraham
Lincoln's body was right there hold on
let me check Wikipedia that's so crazy
oh my God Junior look this is Abraham
Lincoln now waa Ken is Abraham Lincoln
and look he finished his term yeah cuz
he didn't get assassinated that's so
crazy Joseph what do you think about Ken
being the president oh my God Joseph's
three fth a person oh my God Ken brought
back slavery what's up dude what I was
in the the bathroom I had to pee look oh
I found a finger toy isn't it cool I
thought you were three fist a person
still come on dude a Lincoln fixed that
oh what do you think about Ken being
Abraham Lincoln who Cody's boyfriend Ken
he's Abraham Lincoln Cody don't know the
president dude stop lying junior junior
he doesn't know because we changed
history to him this is Abraham Lincoln
oh when did Abraham Lincoln die he never
died he's over 200 years old duh oh cuz
he's a doll he can't die no he's not a
doll he's just the president he's busy
giving getty Gettysburg speeches and
stuff it's always lame he's like mute so
I don't know how that works oh he can't
talk cuz he's a doll he's not a doll
Junior he's the president I still can't
believe Ken is the president who Abraham
linoln
[Laughter]
ah Junior we have to go get him what we
can't go get him he's a former president
he's probably covered in Secret Service
agents yeah but I want him back oh well
I mean we could try to get him back yeah
let's go get him let's go okay okay Cody
look there's Ken and look there's the
real Abraham Lincoln's dead body why has
no one noticed it I don't know all right
so I'm going to distract that secret
service ajent and you grab Ken okay uh
hey there hey what are you doing near
the presidential Booth uh Abraham
Lincoln's my favorite President so I
wanted to meet him well you can meet him
from back there just don't come any
closer the president's very old oh okay
well why are you guys still at the Ford
Theater well we're watching the
president's favorite play the L G oh oh
wait a minute there's a sniper outside
trying to shoot him what where hey get
back here with that gun well that was
easy right let's go let's go oh there
was no shooter dumb kids where is the
president oh no the president's been
kidnapped we got a 2319 we got a
2319 well we got Ken back no way dude
Abraham Lincoln's here Cody you really
know Abe Lincoln wait wait real quick
thank you for freeing the slaves you
cool as hell for that you my favorite
President for real for real well
actually a Lincoln's going to live here
for a while what here oh that's cool as
hell this like the White House this dude
yeah you just have to make sure nobody
knows he's here yeah it's a secret can't
tell anyone what no way dude I got to
tell everybody no Abraham Lincoln likes
his privacy yeah yeah he does yeah so
just don't tell anyone okay I guess so
wait what's that Abraham Lincoln oh you
want us all to leave okay guys let's
leave all right I think Joseph is going
to be gone for a little bit so we just
in a year you better fix this okay we
will yeah cuz now Joseph is going to
think he's Abraham Lincoln every time
yeah yeah so the news
[Music]
breaking news M K Abraham Lincoln has
been kidnapped if you've seen the
president please call 911 immediately
well I can't leave the house with Ken
for a year now yeah cuz then the Secret
Service will arrest you right
yeah well I'm going to go clap some
presidential cheeks
[Music]