hey Danny I made this paper airplane
look at ow Jeffy you poked me in the eye
Marvin are you okay no he poked me in
the eye you want to see it fly no
prepare for
takeoff no way bro why do you start with
the pieces from the bottom cuz this is
how daddy plays D Jenga I've never lost
a game of D
Jenga see not even that paper airplane
can make me lose
undefeated where my paper airplane go I
don't know Jeffy I can't see where it
went cuz you poked me in the eye Marvin
it was an accident he was an accident
Marvin Jeffy stop crying Marvin why
would you say that to him because it's
it's probably true he was probably an
accident Marvin cheer him up Jeffy do
you want to watch TV yeah what do you
want to
watch
Elmo okay I'll turn on Elmo y
y breaking news M okay the entire New
England Patriots football team is sick
they have explosive diarrhea and may not
be able to play against the Tampa Bay
Buccaneers tomorrow that's not Elmo oh
my gosh an entire NFL team is sick how
are they going to play they're probably
going to have to Forfeit who's at the
door maybe it's Elmo coming to cheer me
up no it's not cuz Elmo's not real
hello hey bro what Dak what are you
doing here oh I wanted to ask you
something okay ask no can I come inside
and ask why can't you just wait what
happened to your leg oh I broke it in
three places and I didn't get a cast on
it cuz I'm a man so it healed sideways
ouch yeah so can I come inside why can't
you ask the question here cuz it hurts
to stand come inside who was at the door
Marvin your ex-boyfriend Dak oh Dak what
are you doing here what a pleasant
surprise yeah Dak what are you doing
here well I have to ask you something
then ask that you keep saying that well
did you see on the news how the Patriots
all got sick yeah I saw it they can't
play well the Patriots called me and
they said they want me to play for them
a how wonderful yeah how wonderful I
hope you break a leg but why are you
telling us about this well cu the
Patriots said they want me to assemble a
team of my friends to play football so
that's why I came here to ask you if I
could go on a date with your wife wa no
why would I let you go on a date with my
wife cuz I'm the quarterback for the
Patriots I could like get you tickets
and stuff no you can't go on a date with
her who are you going to get to play for
your team Dak oh I don't know I don't
really have any friends I wonder why
Marvin could do it what I can't play
football yeah this old gezer can't play
football yeah I can oh yeah yeah I bet I
can play football better than you can
deck okay old man then you're on the
team yay Marvin's going to be a patriot
yeah I'm going to play for the Patriots
and have like 300 lb guys trying to kill
me yeah but I don't really have any
other friends so I need you to find two
other guys we can play football with
what two other guys yeah four people
that's how many people are on a football
team right I'll look for as many guys I
can so you want to make out oh Dak you
silly goose you know I'm
married don't mess up man don't mess up
don't mess up you know you're supposed
to put the pieces on the top once you
take one right no that's dumb those are
dumb rules those are the right rules no
you're just supposed to take the pieces
out and put them down anywhere that's
not how you play well that's how I win
you put the pieces back on top it just
gets hard that's that's the point of the
game that's the rules look man if you
don't know how to play that's okay if
you want to Forfeit just tell me I know
how to play okay take your piece then
God hey guys guys Marvin I win loser
you're not playing by the right rules oh
yeah well at least I didn't hire
somebody to throw a paper airplane at
the tower when it was my turn I didn't
hire anybody to throw a paper airplane
look it came out of nowhere oh it came
out of nowhere okay he tried to cheat I
didn't cheat hey man calm down it's just
a board game calm down I mean I won but
calm down get a champion over here calm
down I mean You' never beat me but calm
down anyway what you want man well on
the on the news the Patriots are sick
and they can't play this weekend oh yeah
I heard about that on the news cuz your
TV upstairs is really loud do you have
hearing problems well look anyway the
Patriots said that you know if we want
to play we can assemble our own team and
we can play for him what really yeah we
can play for them if you want to okay I
I mean they're playing against Tom Brady
wait just anybody they're playing Tom
Brady we're going to lose yeah they're
playing the Buccaneers but I mean that's
fine I'll play wa will you play chefv
yeah I'll play hold on I'm not doing
anything all right so you guys are in
you're going to you're going to play
yeah all right I'm going to go tell them
that we're going to play so uh do you
want to like cuddle no Dak you silly
goose all right Dak I found two guys oh
perfect I'm going to go look for like 45
more people no Four's good no there's
like 50 people on a football team nah I
think we're ready anyway we're going to
ride the Patriots private plane to
Boston tomorrow ooh fancy yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow oh my gosh Mar you're
going to play for the Patriots I know
I'm kind of nervous but we have to tell
Jeffy that we're going because you know
I'm not going to bring him so we're
going to leave him home alone hey Jeffy
what are you doing Googling if Elmo's
real well look Jeffy here's $100 oh well
I don't care if Elmo's real cuz it's
hyundo is real why you giving me money
Daddy because me and Mommy are going out
of town oh where you going it's none of
your business Jeffy use that money for
food well how long are you going to be
gone for a day okay so I could just not
eat for a day and pocket a 100 bucks no
Jeffy order pizza or something or I
could not order pizza and just buy
fortnite skins well look Jeffy do
whatever you want with the money but
we'll be back in a day all right
[Music]
daddy Marvin I can't believe you're a
football player I'm married to an
athlete yeah that's cool baby just shut
up are you nervous yeah you know I hate
flying I'm afraid of flying Marvin you
don't have to wear all your football
gear yet yes I do yes I do cuz if we
crash the Helmer will protect my head
okay you keep telling yourself that no
we're going down we're going down just
kidding oh but look how high up we are
though oh man we got to be like 32,000
feet in the air shut don't tell me that
just look down look how far away the
ground is shut up oh man we couldn't get
out of this plane if we wanted to oh
please don't tell me that we're going so
fast oh man we look like ants I mean
they look like ants but we look like
birds you know cuz they fly shut up
speaking of birds there's a bunch flying
towards the engine s s oh I hate my life
Marvin if you get nervous just stare at
the screen ahead of you you're right I
just watch a movie like Deadpool what up
bro what do you want dick my helmet's
too small for my head I'm sorry about
that look bro I think we should go over
the game plan cuz I don't want you
messing this up for me I mean I'm a pro
but have you even played football I've
played Madden a few times Dak he's going
to be fine yeah he better cuz I've never
lost a game in my life you see my jersey
see that number that's how many games
I've lost double zero I've double never
lost baby I'm going to get something out
of my suitcase okay Marvin I need to get
my headphones hey Daddy what Jeffy what
are you doing here I snuck on the plane
to be with you what do you mean you
snuck on the plane you're supposed to
stay home I give you money for pizza
well I already spent that money on
v-bucks Jeffy that was for pizza look
look you can't be here look I got to
focus I got a job to do but I can help
you Daddy how can you help I'll be your
ball boy well you're already on the
plane they can't turn around okay just
be quiet and don't distract me all right
daddy baby you're not going to believe
this Jeffy stuck on the plane oh I took
your wife's seat you took my wife's seat
where'd she go oh she's sitting up next
to Zach or Jack or whatever the hell his
name is Jack why is she sitting next to
dck I don't know bro play Jango with me
what Jenga on an airplane yeah it'll be
fun what no it's going to fall over nah
no it won't come on let's play o oh yeah
okay I think I want this one oh yeah
that's it that's it okay good almost
there oh man I told you I was going to
fall over hey you want to play again
what no the t is going on now let's play
again I'll get the pieces hello and
welcome to Sunday afternoon football
today the New England Patriots are going
to be taking on Tom Brady and the Tampa
Bay Buccaneers let's go down to the
field okay it's the opening coin toss
Tom you're the visiting team so call it
in the air heads it is heads we want the
ball okay we have to do the opening
kickoff so who's going to kick it I
don't have legs yeah me neither I'll do
it bro but you're the quarterback I can
do everything let me do it okay okay I'm
kicking
off what kind of kick was that Dak yeah
that suck Dak bro I was going for like a
sneak on side kick they weren't
expecting it are you sure you don't just
suck at kicking no bro I'm good at
everything let's get on defense oh I'm
going get you Brady I'm going get you
Brady blue 42 set H okay where you at
grank I'm open I'm open oh damn it
touchdown Gro
Spike touchdown Tampa Bay
Buccaneers what the hell was that Marvin
yeah Marvin yeah you left them wide open
it's Kon caly he's hard to cover well
let me cover him next time I can cover
him who's going to get the kickoff H me
me I got it I got it n give me that
hey man I was going to return it look at
me go look at me go oh where am I going
where am I going oh got your ass hey
guys I'm about to get this touchdown
look at me look at
me oh tackled at the one yard line
shouldn't have been showboating ow shf
why didn't you score the touchdown come
on you know I like to showbo a little
bit okay look we're on the one yard line
all we have to do is run it in nah bro
I'm going to throw it but throw it what
what's wrong with you it's a little
lesson I learned from Super Bowl 49 when
you're on the one you throw it okay
someone get open okay I've done this
before uh green 20 Abraham Lincoln hike
where we at where we at oh wide open all
day what the hell was that Dak I got him
I got him I got him I got him the
Buccaneers intercepted it and ran it
back for a touchdown uh did I stop him
why didn't you tackle him Marvin well
why did Dak throw the interception I
just ate popcorn bro no you didn't yes I
did extra butter let's get ready for
kickoff it's coming to me my time to
shine wait what do I do ow Brooklyn guy
are you okay Mrs Perkins my dog is my
homework can I turn it in tomorrow oh
he's knocked out Marvin we need another
player we're already down two touchdowns
we should just forfeit hey Danny I'm
here Danny put me in coach no Jeffy
you're not playing football look what
happened to him it's too dangerous but
we're down by two touchdowns I can help
no come on bro we need him yeah we don't
have anybody else okay fine but if you
get hurt don't come crying to me all
right bro we're going to run it I'm
going to hand the ball to Jeffy all
right Jeffy when you get that ball act
like if you get in the end zone you
don't ever have to eat green beans ever
again got it all right okay okay uh
Declaration of Independence 1776
hike I'm never going to eat green beans
again go my
way
touchdown touchdown Patriots he did it
he did it you got touchdown Jeffy way to
go Jeffy oh okay we're still down by a
touchdown so I need you do an onside
kick what's that what you did earlier oh
right right right yeah yeah let's go
I got it I got it damn it oh we have to
hope for an interception yeah all right
Jeffy we need an interception so if you
intercept this ball and run it back for
a touchdown I'll take you to chck cheese
later Falcon suck 28 to3 hike oh there
you are
grun I can't believe it folks he's
intercepted the football he intercepted
coachy go coachy go he has to score
there's only 3 seconds left got to get T
got to get t
oh so close tackled at the one the
Buccaneers win I can't believe it we
lost wow I hate my life good game bro
good game Brady don't tell anyone but we
deflated the footballs wait what I can't
believe we lost Marvin don't be sad you
thought you were going to lose anyway
but baby we were so close to winning
Jeffy why didn't you score the touchdown
are you kidding me I put the team on my
back I got an interception and a
touchdown don't give me Jeffy no no
we straight I'm just going to play with
my paper
airplane okay I'm playing by your rules
I put the piece back on top you happy
all right it's your turn yes I'm happy
cuz we're playing by the right rules
okay which one do I
want God I win again even with your own
rules you suck
[Music]
oh