oh man guys I'm so glad we decided to
sit around and eat our favorite candy
today wait dude what kind of candy is
that you've never heard of goobers
they're chocolate covered nuts they're
amazing hey Junior I got some nuts for
you but they're not chocolate covered
more like flesh what's up my Snickers
get it like my candy bar I like reaches
hey hey hey everybody listen up nobody
lay a finger on my Butterfinger got it
okay good hey guys you want to play
basketball yeah let's go play basketball
yeah it looks like two on two all right
guys we're gonna play Two on Two so it's
gonna be me and Julian versus Cody and
Jeffy but that's not fair I suck at
basketball he's right Joseph he does
suck at basketball one of us should play
with Cody because we're really good how
about you what why do I have to play
with the nerd because you have a darker
skin complexion Jose which means you're
good at basketball you are right I am a
god at basketball so the best player of
basketball has to play with the worst
player the whitest kid here which is
Cody I guess it's me and Cody versus
junior and Jeffy then all right so first
person to get one basket wins but that's
a short game if you don't want to play
basketball just say so where do they go
Jeffy block Joseph
no
no
oh get ducked on this is my house
we won dude what the hell was that
you're supposed to catch the ball I'm
sorry Joseph I just ate a Butterfingers
and now my fingers are all buttery no
excuses I never lose that basketball
you're not my friend anymore
fingers Joseph don't be mad it's not my
fault it's the Butterfingers no don't
blame that Butterfinger you just asked
ass your ass at basketball you should be
nowhere near a core well I mean I am
basketball I guess you could say I'm
basketball guys calm down let's just
watch TV Cody can you turn the TV on
yeah sure whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa damn it
how did
your fingers I told you oh go wash your
hands dude yeah wash your hands Cody
okay fine let me grab the remote okay
let me wash my hands
it seem to grab it come on hands grab
the handle damn it they're still
Slippery from the Butterfingers okay you
know what screw this okay guys I'm back
did you wash your hands yes I did well
we just ordered pizza yeah dude we're
starving oh good because that
Butterfinger was just a snack yeah the
pizza will be here any second
it's here yay Cody can you go grab it uh
oh I I don't know it's your house
shouldn't you grab it well you washed
your hands right yeah so you could grab
the pizza right uh maybe Cody come on
hello hey here I have a pepperoni pizza
and some cheese sticks for a junior
that's me all right that'll be ten
dollars please here you go oh sure if
you could just please crumble that up
and just throw it in the yard you want
me to crumple up the money and throw it
in the yard yeah because that way it'll
be like a game when I have to go find it
later okay
but if you can just grab your Pepsi now
please Cody can you grab the pizza yeah
yeah if you wouldn't mind grabbing that
pizza I don't have the energy to bring
the pizza inside for you right now if
you didn't notice my search up button
because the last lady's house I went to
she didn't
show so she paid me in another way he
gave me raspberries and beat me up it
was so what
grab the pizza Cody
you dropped the pizza
refund my butterfing is Junior my
Butterfingers did you wash your hands I
lied oh oh man wait what happened dude
Cody dropped the pizza on the ground
what you were supposed to wash your
hands bro I couldn't turn the faucet on
well thanks Cody for ruining our pizza
because I'm not eating carpet Pizza
I eat this carpet Pizza how you piece
out of dumpster come on Cody Let's go
ask Chef people to cook at something
else okay Chef Phoebe can you make us
something to eat
catches on fire Cody grab the fire
extinguisher to The Pantry really me yes
Grandma can we eat the House Fan put
some pepper yourself grab it fine where
is the stupid fire extinguisher oh there
it is
oh God damn it
okay here you go fire neutral light wait
hold on there's a little tiny oh God
okay there we go now the fire is
neutralized thank you so much
firefighter thank you you're welcome
listen guys I cannot pick up that fire
extinguisher too late Cody the fire
department already came and put out the
fire yeah no thanks to you Cody we all
could have died to be your fault well
hey if you wanted to fire extinguisher
that bad you could have gotten it
yourself oh I could strangle you right
now hey Chef people can you make us
something to eat we're hungry I'm not
making anything else
come on Cody dude what was
that thing was sure what do
[Music]
grab the fire extinguisher because of my
Butterfingers bro I'm getting tired of
this Butterfingers excuse me too Cody
what are we gonna eat now oh dude um I'm
kind of full of this crappie Pizza yeah
and I still have my free medium french
fries I get from McDonald's every week
wow damn it my Butterfingers that's it
Cody come with me to the bathroom I'm
gonna wash your hands please do that and
I'm gonna eat this pizza crust and
frustration
come on Cody we're gonna scrub your
fingers to their squeaky clean good
Junior come downstairs I need your help
right now hold on Dad don't tell me to
hold on not in my house come downstairs
right now come on Cody my dad needs me
what do you want Dad I want you to meet
your great grandmother Janice see these
are her ashes wait why are there two
vases oh that's because Janice was a big
 see we needed two bases almost
three but we just left a little bit
behind who's gonna know right that's
cool so what do you want us to do Dad I
need you to take your great grandmother
to my room
and remember her okay yeah so uh
everybody
can't hold on I don't want to hear you
carrying something in my house so you'll
carry the big one since you want to
complain don't think no no you better
carry it
stop my grandmother Cody I hate you I'm
sorry Cody let's get out of here no no
you ain't going nowhere you look look
grab my grandma right here you taking a
small basis you want to mess up uh
listen dog it's just gonna happen I
don't want to hear that take my
grandma upstairs boy
[Applause]
okay that one's on you though
Cody I think it'd be best if you just go
home can you please help me wash my
hands first wait what happened now Cody
dropped the ashes at my great grandma
Jesus just tell us
just tell somebody please help
me go straight to the bathroom Nothing's
Gonna distract us let's go
there's someone at the door no no we
washed my hands first that's Rue you're
just gonna leave somebody at the door
just waiting yeah Cody that's rude you
have no manners that's what's wrong with
you come on
hold on Cody I gotta tie my shoe you
answered the door okay hello hey there
I'm Steve stahlberg and you're on the
hit TV show oh that baby oh no Junior I
can't hold the baby right now you do it
sorry Sonny we chose you all you have to
do is hold the baby for five seconds and
you win ten thousand dollars so let's
see what baby you're holding today
Tommy Pickles oh no not Tommy Pickles
all you have to do is hold them for five
seconds come on I can't are you refusing
to hold this adorable baby on live
television no no I like babies well you
wouldn't want all of America to think
you're a baby hater do you no well go on
hold him
did you just drop the baby you're a baby
dropper everybody boo him
Junior I can't believe I just dropped
Tommy Pickles on National Television oh
dude I saw that that was so crazy
everybody hates you man not me I loved
it
you're such a Angelica get out of
here go play with your doll or something
gosh she's so weird she plays with dolls
I'm just gonna grab Ken and get out of
here
damn it I can't even hold on again look
Cody we're gonna go wash your hands once
and for all thank you Junior look just
hold on to my hand so nothing happens
okay
[Laughter]
okay Cody this is the only bar soap we
have in the whole house you only use the
same bar of soap yeah it's the family
bar of soap we don't want to waste any
money so we just take that bar soap and
rub it between our butt cheeks what is
this the Great Depression you can't
afford more soap look Cody just pick up
that bar soap and wash your hands with
it okay
[Music]
water's not gonna get the butter off
these fingers it's just gonna make them
more buttery well we don't have any soap
unless you want to grab it from the
toilet no so you're not gonna wash your
hands I can't oh okay you know what
that's it get your stupid Ken dong
leaves okay Cody pick up Ken and leave
and I'm just gonna drop him again wait
you didn't wash his hands he dropped the
bar soap in the toilet oh dude there's
no hope for him just bite into him and
pick them up but I don't want to put
teeth marks in them usually I'm pretty
good about not using my teeth but I
guess it's the only way
he's too heavy I can't do it pick him up
with your hands okay I'll try
okay I can do this
damn it it's not gonna work all right
Cody I don't know what to tell you you
dropped the bar soap I can't help you
Junior I have an idea it's a little
weird but it will work what I need you
to suck the butter off my fingers oh I
ain't with that freaky bro no Cody
what do I get out of it I'll give you 50
bucks show me the money okay
there it is I mean he say money was on
the line now okay Cody I'll do it just
hurry up okay
oh boner alert boner alert I have a
boner shop Cody give me the other hand
okay
yeah I'm into this I think I discovered
a new Kink
okay it's done okay let's see if it
works it worked I don't have
Butterfingers anymore uh quick question
why can't you lick your own fingers what
why couldn't he lick his own fingers to
get the butter off dude why did you have
to do it
haha
my thing
my thing loading
that's a fake 50.
[Music]