baby thank you so much for making
Thanksgiving dinner for us you're
welcome Marvin I hope you boys enjoy oh
the turkey looks so good today
Jeffy stop throwing Dr the turkey I want
to make sure I was dead of course it's
dead Jeffy it's cooked look we gotta
focus on the dinner so eat can I have
pie no you can't have pie yet you have
to have real dinner first well it's
Thanksgiving I thought I could eat all
your food Jeffy dinner first pie last
who put diarrhea in this bowl that's
gravy Jeffy hey why did Mommy put her
period all in this bowl
Jeffy listen bow your head we gotta
thank God for all this food
dear God thank you so much for the food
thank you God Hey bow your head keep
praying thank you so much for uh turkeys
and thank you God for mashed potatoes
thank you for the mashed potatoes
Tomatoes uh
thank you for uh so much just thank you
so much for food thank you for pilgrims
what
um thank you for the month of November
to have Thanksgiving on okay I'm Gonna
Leave This needs salt but you keep
praying uh thank you so much for Walmart
so we can buy turkeys oh man I love
Thanksgiving I get to go around and eat
people's food while they bow their head
and thank me and thank you God for
cranberry sauce whoever eats that and
thank you God for Thursday Night
Football on Thanksgiving and uh thank
you God for Tom Brady uh thank you God
for salt and pepper Marvin uh amen so
turkeys can't fly miss baskets
[Applause]
that you are grounded okay Marvin we
picked up the turkey within 10 seconds
it's fine there's dust all over it just
blow the dust off Marvin I'm not in the
mood for turkey daddy you could always
eat mommy's period Jeffy why did you
throw the turkey because I wanted to see
if turkeys could fly look just eat your
dinner I'm not hungry unless it's
dessert then go to your room okay no
Jeffy leave the pie
oh that is it to be super go to your
room
oh my God I think he broke the lamp I
hate this day
see what that is hello hey there Happy
Thanksgiving uh thank you officer but
why are you here now while your
neighbors filed a noise complaint
because they said they heard shouting
and today's supposed to be a day of
thanks not a day of shouting it's not
shouts giving that'd be me and my wife
at home right you know because because
the [ __ ] doesn't listen oh well we'll
try to keep it down yeah you better
because I don't want to have to come
back here well why are you working on
Thanksgiving well well my boss said he'd
off a triple pay if we work through the
holidays and I can't afford to pass that
up but God I do miss Thanksgiving dinner
though well you can come inside and have
some of our food no no no I really can't
my boss said he'd fire us if he caught
us eating Thanksgiving dinner on the job
yeah he said we have to protect and
serve not protect and serve ourselves a
plate of food that's why you have to
wear this body cam it sees everything I
do to make sure I don't eat Thanksgiving
dinner and the mashed potatoes are
getting cold I'm coming baby I'll see
you later
um actually mashed potatoes I I think I
should come in and make sure no no
violence is happening in there what
violence yeah yeah because of the
shouting I I should just come in make
sure everything's okay okay
Martin I fix the lamp thank you baby see
officer no violence in here what'd you
say to me boy what I just turned off my
body cam I'm allowed to do that but only
if I say that first it malfunctioned
why'd you turn your body cam off because
I want to eat these mashed potatoes and
drown them in gravy Jesus what the hell
happened to your turkey what'd you hunt
for it yourself is that why there's
darts in it well no my son was throwing
it why is it so dusty is it last year's
turkey that you just pulled out of the
attic no we dropped it on the ground
when the hell's the last time you swept
your floors listen we try our best well
do you mind if I have these mashed
potatoes have as many as you want oh you
[ __ ] up
oh I'm gonna have the whole damn Bowl oh
yeah
oh yeah whole boat full of gravy bring
the gravy drain all over it hell yes oh
Big Spoon big big big spoon anybody want
this big spoon no all right more for me
oh
my God that was amazing I hit every last
drop yummy yummy mashed potatoes in my
belly uh ma'am thank you this was
delicious you're welcome okay I guess
I'm done here which means I can turn
this back on okay boy I don't want to
catch you yelling at your wife anymore
got it okay okay I'm gonna leave now
well wait a minute you have a stain on
your shirt what a stain no no no no not
a stain oh God oh God that's a gravy
scene I know what gravy saying when I
see one that's a gravy stain now my boss
is gonna know I was eating mashed
potatoes and gravy and I'm gonna get
fired now hold on why don't you just
tell them that you fell down outside and
that's dirt no you don't understand they
have gravy sniffing dogs they can smell
gravy from a mile away they're gonna
know this is gravy well why can't you
just change your shirt this is my only
uniform okay how about you tell them
that you showed up to a house and there
was a fight and someone threw gravy on
your shirt but I turned my body cam off
I don't have any proof of that they're
never gonna believe me uh you just
turned your body cam back on oh [ __ ]
you're right oh my God now my boss is
gonna know I was eating mashed potatoes
and gravy he's gonna hear me say it oh
no that means he also heard me say yummy
yummy mashed potatoes in my belly that
was some pretty cringy [ __ ] oh God I
really have to destroy this body Cam and
clean the stain well actually no you
turn on your body cam after you said the
yummy yummy thing oh thank God oh no but
now he knows I said it because I just
said it again damn it we gotta take care
of this oh how about we just throw your
shirt in the washing machine yes and
then the stain will be washed out and
then maybe the water will destroy the
body cam yes yes that's a great idea I
love that let's do it okay come on let's
go okay throw your shirt in there okay
um could you please tell your wife to
leave I'm kind of a grower not a shower
and I don't want her to laugh at me baby
can you leave oh yeah sure oh that's
much better thank you don't uncover it
now come on we're both boys
let's check this out see how fast it
goes that's disgusting oh come on you've
done this before right no tag don't hit
me with it that's disgusting look let's
wash your stupid shirt okay fine just
turn it on on there okay it should be on
all right let's go do something to pass
the time all right so what do you want
to do I don't know what you have your
Christmas tree up already yeah it's
Thanksgiving man just do one holiday at
a time but I like to have the tree up it
makes me happy you should have waited
till December 1st you know I could write
you a ticket for this what hold on my
phone's ringing oh oh no it's the Chief
look just shut up uh hell hello God
where the hell are you that I I am at a
house uh investigating a crime well like
tractor Squad card it says you've been
there for 30 minutes well yeah yeah see
there's there's a domestic violence
situation going on and because the wife
burned the turkey and the husband got
mad so so he hit her and when I saw how
burnt the turkey was I threw in a few
swings too because like how do you screw
up a turkey that bad you just put it in
the oven well guys as long as you're not
eating Thanksgiving dinner oh no no sir
I I would never I I know I know better
than to do that I know the rules okay
guy well when you get done there I want
you to come by the office for an
emergency uniform gravy inspection yet
yes sir I I I will do that right away
[ __ ] [ __ ] I say [ __ ] what's wrong my
boss wants me to do a uniform inspection
right after I leave here I think he
knows something's wrong okay will the
washing machine just finished let's go
get it let's get it oh goody is the
stain gone no dude look the stain's
still here oh that stain is deep in
there I can't go back to my boss with
the stain I'm gonna get fired oh I have
an idea what if we take a knife and we
cut like the stain out of the shirt like
we cut a hole in the shirt and then your
boss would just think that like someone
tried to attack you with a knife and cut
your shirt yeah yeah I like that you
could dress up like the nipple sniff for
Bandit nipple sniffer Bandit yeah he's
like a crazy guy that runs around and
tries to snip people's nipples off with
scissors you could dress up like him and
then attack me and then cut my shirt
right there and then the body camera
would show you doing that and then my
boss would believe me but the body cam
got destroyed in the washing machine oh
yeah you're right well that's okay I can
just record it on my phone yeah yeah
you're recorded on your phone and then
your boss will see it happen and then
you'll be fine okay yeah so just dress
up like whatever you think a nipple
snipper would wear oh I'll just put on
like a ski mask and stuff sure that
works okay how do I look uh you don't
really look like a nipple snipper Bandit
you look like a regular Bandit well how
would I look like a nipple snipper
Bandit I don't know you just don't look
like you want nipples you look like you
want money how do I look like I want
nipples
um maybe like say that you want nipples
okay uh give me nipples no no that
that's like a request for nipples you
have to demand nipples demand nipples
okay all right what nipples no no you
sound like a fussy baby no that's that's
not gonna work okay give me nipples now
you're just throwing a tantrum for
nipples this isn't I can't take this
seriously look if I'm gonna be
intimidated by you they're gonna fire me
anyway I'm supposed to be a cop okay
okay I'll go as hard as I can give me
the nipples no that's that's too horny
oh okay listen just record me and I'll
make it realistic okay all right it's
going uh here I am in this house
responding to a potential nipple snipper
emergency
ah give me the nipples give me give me
give me give me no no that's that's just
silly you sound like a boss in a video
game what am I supposed to do right then
I don't know just be more intimidating
be scary okay hold on okay second try
here I am in this house responding to a
potential nipple snipper nipple oh
no you sniff my shirt that I have to run
away now okay well that video looked
okay I guess but it'll probably save my
job and at least my boss will know I ate
gravy yeah I mean there is an actual
hole in your shirt so it'll look like
the nipple snipper actually cut it yeah
yeah it's pretty believable
well all right Happy Thanksgiving yeah
you too yeah
so do we like Kiss now let's just leave
okay Hey sir I'm here for my uniform
inspection guy what the hell happened to
your uniform oh let's see see I got uh
snipped by a nipple snipper yeah the
nipple snipper Bandit he he tried to
snip my nipple and he just he missed and
he caught the uniform well guy let me
see your body camera footage yeah you
see that's the thing he he snipped the
body cam too it just it just fell right
off but I managed to record the whole
thing on my phone though well it's a
good thing you're safe Gary why don't
you just go home you deserve all the
mashed potatoes you can eat no thanks
I'm full uh of Terror from from the from
the nipple snipper I'm just I'm gonna
I'm gonna go home hey baby
how big is Christ Marvin is that you yes
it's me why are you dressed like a
bandit I'm not dressed like a bandit I'm
dressed like a nipple snipping Bandit
what I snip nipples with scissors stay
away from me I don't really do that
listen the cop had to stain on his shirt
and we had this idea where we come up
with the nipples the big Bandit and he
Snips people's nipples so we could cut a
hole in his shirt and cut the stain out
so his boss doesn't see the gravy and
doesn't fire him what listen I'm just
tired I'm gonna lay down well they say
turkey makes you tired Marvin I don't
want to eat your hairy turkey
don't save
[Music]