hey Daddy wanna see a magic trick no
pick a card I said no well then get it
on your way mommy pick a card okay
where's my card all right put it back in
the deck there you go all right
all right now I'm gonna top the deck two
times and your car will be on top
you get your card oh my God oh my God
Jeffy that's amazing amazing wait how'd
you do that a magician never Reveals His
Secrets I want to pick a card all right
all right Daddy pick a card okay uh I'm
gonna pick this one right here
all right now crumpling up and throw it
away okay all right
gotta tap the deck
against your card wait a minute how'd
you do that a magician never Reveals His
secret oh no no no no I'll give you 50
bucks you tell me how you did it okay
easy
throw the same card Temple that's cheap
well they're all the three
[Applause]
okay whatever that was all the money we
had for the rest of the month and I was
gonna to go shopping there's someone at
the door hello hey Marvin oh hey Goodman
I don't have my house payment this month
that's okay I have another way you can
pay for it chives get over here is your
Butler on a leash yes because she's been
a bad dog I'm a human fast shut up
chives so what do you want me to do well
chives won't stop pissing in the closet
that's because you leave me locked in
there for 12 or more hours a day learn
to hold it chives I can't I'm 73. listen
I've tried rubbing his nose in it I've
tried hitting him with a newspaper and
he won't stop and I read online that if
you have a dog that won't stop pissing
you cut his balls off and then he stops
so I need you to neuter chives for me
you want me to cut your Butler's balls
off yes and put them in a jar he's
serious uh I'm not comfortable with
cutting his balls off get over here heal
I'm not comfortable with that well if
you do it I'll let you go three months
without paying a house payment get back
over here okay three months out of house
payment I really like that okay cool
here take the leash and hold on to it
tight because he likes to run away okay
and all also when I come back here in a
few minutes I better have a
have a box and don't be afraid to pull
the leash okay come on Charles so Jeffy
what are you gonna spend your 50 bucks
on hookers get in here chives Marvin why
is that man on a leash because we have
to cut his balls off
can't do that hey dang this guy's bald
is he here brother stop that listen he's
Goodman's Butler and he won't stop
peeing on the carpet so Goodman wants me
to neuter him Marvin let him go you want
a CD what kind of CD CD's nuts Jeffy get
out of here okay so listen we have to do
it because Goodman says that if I neuter
him we don't have to make a house
payment for three months Marvin
let him go would you rather be homeless
or cut this guy's balls off oh I guess
they gotta go oh come on doesn't
any
City Mall okay listen hold on to the
leash I have to get some scissors
scissors but do not let go he will run
away
bad charged sorry listen ma'am I know
you don't have any both but if you would
be so inclined to drop the leash I swear
I won't run away you promised you won't
run away I swear to it okay I'm Gonna
Let You Go okay do it
okay I got the scissors
wait where'd he go uh I let go so he ran
away he promised promise didn't oh my
God I think you're so blonde and stupid
and dumb I'm free
way it's caught
come back here right now
get in here Charles
please no baby hold the least okay okay
now I'm gonna cut them off Marvin
they'll come do it that's a good idea
I'm not a dog all right hold on at least
let me grab my phone okay I'm calling
the vet's office it's ringing hello
veterinarian's office uh yes do you
neuter things there sure we neuter
things all the time okay because I have
someone I need you to neuter okay well
how old
how old are you 73 he's 73. oh my God
and
[Applause]
all this living dog I've ever heard of
oh no it's not a dog it's a human it's
an old man so we need you to come over
to our house and cut his balls off
hello
hello oh she hung up thank God I guess
we have to do it ourselves
wait wait what if you didn't cut my
balls off well we have to cut them off
because we don't want to have to pay our
house payment for three months what if
you still didn't have to make your house
payment for three months I have a plan
listen all you have to do is find
something that looks like balls put them
in a jar give it to Goodman tell him an
elaborate story about how you cut my
balls off but make sure you tell him I
struggled or else he won't believe you
hey that's a good idea that is a good
idea but what are we gonna use for fake
balls I don't know
okay I'll go look go look well I'm not
gonna let go of this leash because I
don't want you running away oh come on
we've made it this far I'm not gonna run
away I mean I guess we are cool now yeah
we're super cool like dab me up G I
guess I will dab you up hey yes I'm free
bro no way ah what does this keep
happening to me no
no no no come back inside come on come
on charge no please just kill me instead
okay Marvin this is what I got I have
two fake eyeballs I have two balls I
made out of Play-Doh two spiky light up
balls two bouncy balls two peanuts and
chocolate balls the peanuts might work
you could roll them around on some
ketchup maybe make them look bloody no
no no Goodman's not gonna fall for any
of these balls looks like we have to
actually neuter you no no please the
peanuts will work I swear well while you
two figure it out I'm gonna eat my
meatball sub wait did you just say
meatball sub my God that's it meatballs
what oh yeah meatballs would look like
actual balls because they're meaty have
red sauce on them like blood exactly but
then what am I gonna eat for dinner I
don't care what you eat eat the peanuts
Marvin go grab a jaw first to put the
meatballs in me and Rose will wait right
here okay wait a minute no I'm gonna
stay right here and hold on to the leash
you go get a jar okay I see I can't
afford you a second time yeah you're not
escaping again all right Marvin I put
the meatballs in this jar oh wow that's
so believable that looks just like my
testicles put in a jar ew I mean it does
look really believable I mean it's all
meaty and gross so Marvin what story are
you gonna tell good man yes Marvin you
have to make sure it's very believable
tell him I struggled and tell him I
screamed he'll love that I'll tell him
something really good that must be him
at the door but
jeffy's diapers on him genius yeah we
could do that okay so I'll get one of
jeffy's diapers here hold the leash damn
okay and do not let go of him and I'll
get you one of the diapers okay hello
are those balls snipped oh those balls
are snipped completely off you actually
did did he cry oh yeah he's still crying
oh I bet he cried I better hurt too but
Marvin look it had to be done he
wouldn't stop peeing in the closet yeah
I completely understand but if you want
to come see him he's recovering upstairs
okay I'll come see him good man come up
the stairs right now look Marvin I found
a cone very believable there he is ow ow
holy you actually cut off his balls
yep he sure did there they are in that
jaw right there are those
meatballs no no those are my testicles
yeah these are what testicles look like
outside the body it's true they look
like meatballs from a Subway sandwich no
no no no no no no they just look old
because he's old that's why they look
like that because we cut his balls off
oh yeah so tribes tell me because I have
to know how bad did it hurt oh God it it
hurts so bad I was kicking and screaming
and he had me crying for my mommy
so why are the scissors clean oh oh
because muffin made me
nice touch Marvin yeah we had to
sterilize him after he did it yeah so
Morgan tell me how you did it and please
don't leave out any details because I
see eyeballs Play-Doh balls spiky balls
bouncy balls peanuts and maltesers oh
Marvin please don't spare any expense
yeah Marvin tell us so you want to know
how I cut his balls off and I used all
these items oh yeah please I because I
have to know oh okay this is what
happened so we dragged chives into the
room by his leash and he was screaming
and crying and begging for us to let him
go so he threw him into a cage and fed
him a bowl of eyeballs and then we got
done eating those eyeballs he wanted to
come out and play so we let him play
with some Play-Doh because we felt bad
and he started making Play-Doh balls and
then he tried to run away so he threw
spiky balls at him and knocked him down
and then we said if you try to run away
again we're going to feed you to the
elephant outside and so the elephant
overheard that we said his name so the
elephant wanted to be fed some peanuts
so we threw peanuts at the Elephant
elephant Marvin there was an elephant
outside and that's that's why we have
peanuts we fed the elephant peanuts so
then we chain chives to the table and he
said no please before you cut my balls
off I really want to see how high I can
belt a bounty ball so we let him go and
he bows the bouncy ball over the
elephant and then we chain them back to
the table and then we cut his balls off
with scissors and we celebrated by
eating maltesers so that is what
happened an elephant Marvin yes an
elephant that's why we needed the
peanuts Marvin this is a
meatball what how do you know cause I
licked it and I know that this is a
meatball from Subway
so I know you didn't chop off his balls
it's inhumane you can you catch up off a
human's balls well then give me the
scissors and I'll do it no no Goodman
they're my balls oh do it I'd like to
see this oh yeah well watch this just
just let me pull them out first
what are you doing
hey hey James you get your wrinkly ass
back you need this meatball he escaped
again why would we give him the scissors
[Music]
[Music]