so guys what do you want to do today you
guys want to watch Impractical Jokers
what's Impractical Jokers you've never
seen Impractical Jokers no what is it
it's a show where you see scenes of
graphic stupidity among three lifelong
friends who compete to embarrass each
other that sounds silly impr practically
silly we should watch it yeah let's
watch it okay
hey guys today we're at Red Lobster and
we're going to be pranking some
unsuspecting customers if you refuse to
do the challenge you're
eliminated hello welcome to Red Lobster
what can I get you to eat uh I don't
know hey Tito before he orders you
should blow a bicycle horn in his face
in his
face how about
uh uh I want to order it do going
going go room skimpy coming up hey don't
bring him what e order bring him some
Kentucky Fried
[Laughter]
Chicken here's your Kentucky Fried
Chicken sir how incredibly racist let me
speak to your manager where is he
[Applause]
[Laughter]
forget it I might as well try it yeah
who don't like chicken all right Tito
now calling the N word do
it I never back down from a
[Applause]
challenge man I never lose you killed it
all right man go turn go go you got this
you got this you got this you got
this hey thank you for chosing Red
Lobster what can I get you guys to eat
give him a knuckle sandwich yeah punch
him in the face maybe a knuckle
sandwich did it it
punched do it again hit do it again ow
you just punched me in the face sorry
about that what are your specials I just
gave him one a knuckle sandwich
what the face any other specials those
guy looks pretty gay yeah yeah tell them
gay pride was in June yeah do it do
it we don't have any specials for you
because gay pride month was in
June he did it he did
it you did it man you did it it's your
turn M okay but you guys better not make
me do anything stupid get in there go
hey hey there welcome to Red Lobster
what can I get you to to eat what would
you recommend remember tell them that
you would recommend the fish but they
already smell like
fish
vagina well uh I um I'd recommend the
fish but it uh it already smells like
that over
here he did it I can't believe it m pull
out a magnifying glass and look at their
boobs and ask them what size they are
no you're not going to do
[Applause]
it what size are those are those be cups
oh my
gosh now ask them now ask them to get
naked grab
them no no I'm not doing that I I I
refuse
look at I'm not doing it
py oh hey buddy hey I wasn't going to do
no there no way yeah we know so it looks
like you're the Biggest
Loser let's go to your
punishment that's one thumbs down for
mer that means M's today's Biggest
Loser all right guys we're here today
for M's big punishment and we are in
someone's front yard and we see a pile
of dog now M what do you think we want
you to do with that dog pick it
[Laughter]
up no you wish we want you to lick it
wish what you're going to lick that dog
I'm not licking that come on M if you
don't you will get kicked out of the
show just like Joe you don't want to be
like Joe right no what about your wife
and kids I do need the money
do
do how is that even a punishment I lick
dog all the
time you know what be funny guys what if
we pull pranks on people like they do
but I don't want to get in trouble they
don't get in trouble well they're adults
with a full production crew that might
even be fake well what if we prank Chef
peee so we don't get in trouble cuz he's
not a stranger yeah I guess you're right
all right so how about we all pull a
prank on Chef peee and whoever refuses
to do the prank is The Biggest Loser
okay all right so who wants to go first
oh I want to go first okay what type of
prank should Jeffy do on Chef peee o o
you should put this fake dog and
whatever he's cooking that' be so funny
cuz Chey be like ew there's poop in my
food yeah all right I'm going to do it
all right wait he forgot the fake dog
 M cooking some fried chicken oh it
smells so good wait wait I for forgot
the
[Applause]
seasoning oh what the hell is that
on my fried chicken who the hell sh on
my fried chicken I was going to eat this
oh no I'm not eating fried chicken
who my chicken all right guys I did it
how the fake dog is still right here oh
I for real all right who the hell did it
tell me who did it who on my chicken uh
not me uh not
me I know what you breast a freaking
life somebody on my chicken I was going
to eat that delicious ass chicken no one
no one on your chicken oh wait wait Cody
tell me something yeah sure anything
buddy yeah yeah I need to know something
yeah why is there a fake sh right by
your foot oh that that's a fake you're
talking about a real right yeah real
poopy sticky ass yeah well all I
have is fake yeah all we have is
fake up here we don't one knowing real
 up here I swear to God I know you
breaths are lying and if I find out one
of you did it I'm going shove my fist so
far up your ass oh I swear to God now
guys maybe I should take the pH for this
but Cody you didn't do it but I think he
already suspects me I mean the poop is
right next to my foot so I think maybe I
should just own up to it no no no he
doesn't know any of us did I think we
should just leave him alone okay but I
think I should do the next prank what
not on Chef peip right yeah no on Chef
peei I'm going to do the next prank why
uh cuz I think I should be the one to do
it just I have an idea what oh my God I
can't believe I have to start over and
make a whole new chicken hey there Chef
peee you look stressed out why don't you
sit down and take a load off oh Cody I'm
not falling for that trick that's the
oldest trick in the book I'm not in
preschool what trick this is just a
harmless cushion that is a whoopy
cushion I'm not falling for your stupid
pranks Cody get out of my kitchen okay
but I did try to prank you so you're
going to punish me right is the fisting
still an option get out of my kitchen
I'm trying to cook some damn chicken
Cody okay fine I didn't want you to fist
my ass anyway it's weird it's weird you
mentioning well guys my prank didn't
work I got caught how' you get caught
well I tried to use a whoopy cushion but
it was bright green it's pretty hard to
hide so what did sheipi do when he
caught you oh he didn't put his fist up
my ass I tell you that well I'm going to
try to prank shf peipi next what's the
point he's not going to put his fist up
your ass I have the best prank idea ever
ever I'm going to put rat poison in Chef
pee's food what the junior that's going
to kill him no it's not it's only made
for rats it would kill anybody who eats
it then why isn't it called anybody
poison well because it's designed for
killing rats exactly it'll only kill
rats not humans Junior it says right
there on the bottle danger do not
consume that's for the rats it's for
theing rats they put it on the bottle
for the rats to read it rats can't read
Junior the rat and rat a we can read
Junior how many times do I have to
explain to you that cartoons aren't real
life Cody listen they make specific
poisons for specific animals like this
is made for rats rat poison they also
have mosquito poison they have bug spray
for spiders and wasp this is only made
for rats it won't kill a human Junior
Poison is poison it would kill anybody
then why doesn't it just say poison why
does it specifically say rat poison it
should just say poison then because this
is for rats but it's that's for rats
thank you so if I give it to sha peipi
he won't die no he's still going to die
so you're calling sha peipi a rat no I
didn't say that I'm just explaining how
the poison works so you're saying if
chap eats it he's going to die so this
kills rats so you're going to kill it
would kill anybody oh so you're calling
all humans rats no no what are you
Hitler what Hitler didn't think people
were rats so now you're defending Hitler
I'm not defending Hitler I'm just
explaining how poison works okay I'm
going to go put this on che's F it's not
going to kill him okay fine tell me how
that goes oh the chicken look damn good
as long as nobody sh on it it'll be
perfectly fine what what wait where's
that damn seasoning it was right here oh
my
god oh man just need a little bit add a
little souce to it you know what I'm
saying and I just take a little bite
pranked
pranked shpb
[Music]
pranked what happened Junior he died oh
I get what you did you called CHF peipi
when I was walking downstairs and told
him to act like he was dying when he ate
the rat poison to teach me a lesson oh I
called him huh well here's my phone you
can check my call history I didn't call
him you probably deleted the calls no
just didn't call them well who would
have thought that rat poison would kill
a human me me I did when I told you that
would happen Okay well this company has
to be in trouble because no way do they
say for humans not to eat it it says
right there danger do not consume that's
for the rats that's that's for the rats
they put it there for the rats to read
why would they warn the rats you were
trying to kill them they give them a
fair chance or fair fight no Junior they
put it there so people who can read
would know not to eat it cuz they die oh
so if you don't know how to read this
won't kill you it only kills people who
know how to read no they put it there so
people who can read know that they would
die if they eat it or feed it to someone
else so if I don't know how to read how
do I know this would kill me it because
there's a little symbol right there of a
rat dying yeah but I would only assume
rats would die not me Junior I think
they just assumed people weren't stupid
enough to try to eat it well I think
they need to repackage this because it
looked extremely close to Mir orax that
it does I will give you that okay so
what do we do now like what happens now
what's our plan I don't know I might
call the police why why because you
murdered Jeff peee no he could have died
of old age old age or maybe it's the rat
poison in his system yeah then you know
what happened the cops are going to
assume that he didn't know that would
only kill rats no they're not going to
assume that they're going to assume that
everybody knows that rat poison kills
people okay you know what I'm just going
to tell them that I'm an Impractical
Joker oh okay maybe that'll hold up in
court an Impractical Joker it was very
impractical Junior I'll give you that it
was a very impractical joke if you can
even call it a joke I call it murder
well I'm just going to I don't know what
to do yeah I don't know Jeffy just push
the you's ad a hey guys check it out
there's your Jeffy you and you can get
one down in the link in the description
so make sure you guys go check that out
and get them cuz you're pretty cool it's
me going y right here on the r count all
right kid you're coming with me for the
murder of Chef peee wait you called the
cops Cody yeah sorry oh you
[Music]