yo Mario can I hold out loud can you
hold $500 yeah like you if I let you
hold 500 ollars you're gonna steal $500
okay wouldn't I don't have only have a
credit card okay let me use your credit
card no black yoshi well what are you
gonna use my credit card so I can buy
stuff say this though or you can't buy
stuffs at the stove because the stores
closed cuz everyone's at home quarantine
boy I know everyone at home eatin corn
at tea but you still use your credit
card to buy stuffs online like you're
not gonna use my credit card on the
front security code on the back I'm not
gonna give up my credit card boy I don't
give my credit card info to anyone that
collector hello hello just Camille Habib
huh Bob calling because you need to make
a payment on your doorknobs who is this
Camille is incommode a beaver bob as in
corn on the cob you need to make a
payment on your doorknobs payment on my
doorknobs I thought I paid off my
doorknobs no siree Bob
Camille Habiba Bob sees no payment on
your doorknobs okay how much do I owe
- $25 - $25 as in $50 so how would you
like to pay that we hit an accept debit
card credit card or you could sacrifice
a goat sacrifice a goat then we'll do
that with Tom Brady in the Buccaneers or
Tom Brady's or traitor anyway how would
you like to pay credit card debit card
I'll use a credit card okay I'm ready
for a credit card number
all right so four zero zero zero hold on
you're going too fast on keyboard with
my move okay so four zero zero zero okay
four zero zero four zero zero
oh no no no only one four is here to do
oh one four zero zero zero four zero
zero
no no no only one set of fours years is
ooh okay I feel so warm for goog oh no
four zero zero zero okay one four zero
zero let's restart
okay hi my name is Camila be Bob Bob I'm
calling because you need not restart
restart the hawk I'll call it
you know what's going on we're not gonna
be some [ __ ] I need to make a payment on
you know I know the payment all my
jewelry but there is no payment on your
novel $25 as in $50 I'm ready I'm ready
okay four zero zero zero four zero zero
holiday hoof I forgot you go too fast
for zero zero zero
oh god please be transferred to someone
else you would like to be transferred to
someone else yes would you like to be
transferred to mr. Krabs I'm drenching
you too mr. Krabs mr. Krabs give me
money okay four zero zero zero two three
one two four six nine seven eight two
one three expiration date 1225 three
digit security code on the back 672 so
annoying
collector give you my credit card number
block Yoshi okay so let me get this
straight you're gonna trust off her boo
kebab that lives under a rock in a cave
even bugs and singing her Kulemin to
this we're Simba in the Lion King where
you ain't touched your best friend
well black girl you're not a debt
collector I only get my credit card
number - debt collectors okay I see how
do you why is black your she calling me
hello
yeah this Pookie I was calling because
you owe me $500 and it's for your for
your doors you already pay for your door
handles but uh
night-night now you gotta pay for your
doors Pookie yeah yeah mm-hmm blackish I
know what you know not I see you know
you don't need me like yeah I know I see
you you're right there no like you go
get a job a job
I'm feeling what are you feeling I hurt
someone's feelings so now I'm a
convicted feeling yeah I know you're
convicted feelings so go find another
job or go back home for a job might give
you my credit card number
oh man why you won't give me his credit
card number oh wait a minute
I just call random people and pretended
they owed me a bill and then they give
me a credit card number thinking that
they'd go on it's a good idea yeah I may
hate it for late real quick now sure
hope this works who is ringing hello
this is Judith I'm currently giving my
son Cody kins a bath oh yeah oh yeah
this uh this Jermaine I'm calling
because you owe your water bill oh I
thought I paid my water bill oh no no
you didn't because he shows that I need
these new pair of headphones I mean it
says you ain't paying yet so if you
don't want the water police to come and
arrest you you better pay so what's the
credit card number oh no I don't want
the water police to come and arrest me
I'm so incredibly sorry my credit card
number is four zero zero zero nine seven
five seven two three seven six one eight
nine zero the expiration date is 422 and
the three digit security code is 892
really you actually gave me your credit
card
I mean thank you so much for paying your
water bill now you won't get arrested
stupid I just got a credit card number
hello yeah this uh Dante vyas scoliosis
Dante via scoliosis yeah and I'll call
it because you ain't paid your
refrigerated bill I didn't know there
was a refrigerator bill where there is
and you ain't paying so now the
refrigerator man is gonna come and take
your refrigerator Wow
well I don't want them to come take my
refrigerator okay here's my credit card
number five zero zero three three eight
five nine two seven five three two nine
four zero the expiration date is 126 and
the security code is five seven
thank you so much sir now you get
another month of your frigerator it may
be too easy
hello this is Goodman this call better
be important because you're on my time
oh yeah this is brofist
I'm calling it because you forgot to pay
your Xbox Live memberships Xbox why I'm
play video games I don't have time to
play video games
I'm too busy making money you want to
know the reason why you never see
Lamborghini commercials on TV it's
because the people who can afford them
aren't watching TV oh yeah never mind I
mean you need to pay your light bill oh
it's gonna get shuts off that's weird
oh my bills are on auto pay where you
Auto pay your bill before your lights
get shut off all right here's my credit
card number it's four zero six zero nine
four two seven one nine eight seven five
two nine zero and the expiration date is
oh nine twenty three and security code
is eight four five thank you so much mr.
Goodman you get two keeps your lights on
hey hey not used to buy me a hope or
just block usually there's pockets for
you at the door all this stuff for him
black Yoshi how are you affording all
this stuff Oh people been buying it for
me for people that buy it for you what
other people oh well Judy's Brooklyn
good me you know why are they buying you
all this expensive stuff because
Christmas
it's not Christmas black Yoshi it's
April oh no is my birthday it's not your
birthday black Yoshi why are they buying
you the stuff what do you mean give me
the credit card number you've been
stealing people's credit card numbers no
David you need a credit card number
because they be thinking and they be
paying a water view oh they think
they're putting their water bill yeah
whose water bill is $2,000 Oh Disney
worms Oh Disney World do they know
they're playing disney world water bill
no it's stealing this is fraud warriors
are no frogs those are air pods pluckers
you why you need two pairs of headphones
so [ __ ] listen to two songs at the
same
it wasn't speaker for you don't even
like blue kool-aid okay why do you have
a statue of the kool-aid man cuz he's
cool why do you have a miniature statue
at the kool-aid man cuz that's cool [ __ ]
it you don't need any of this stupid
stupid oh we need to get rid of it
Maya I'm not going to get rid of oh I
can take it back to the store get your
store credit you don't need to sell your
cash lucky you didn't get rid of this
stuff before you get arrested this is
credit card fraud Mario I'm now gonna
get arrested cuz ain't no one gonna
catch me I'm gonna run as fast as I can
like the gingerbread man you're gonna
run sighs you can't like the gingerbread
man yeah it's a cookie for me yeah sure
I'll go get other way your stolen
packages here you go black Yoshi another
package use someone's credit card to
steal oh I don't know let's see you good
men give me your nipples yeah
give me your nipples I cannot believe
you you sat there and stole my credit
card information and bought all this
stuff oh no I didn't yeah you did you
want to know how I know because you told
me that my light bill was due and I know
for a fact now I have my light bill and
all my other bills on so let's go ahead
and take a browse and look at all the
stuff you bought me with my crack card
information all right so let's take a
look
Oh what is this a giant kool-aid man
statue oh yeah I didn't know I wanted
that open as Mars no it's not oh it look
a smaller version of the kool-aid man
statue I didn't know I wanted that
either a little of Goodman like you
didn't know any better
oh sure and why is that well he's stupid
uh-huh and does he know not to touch a
hot stove probably not why well because
Mario my money is a hot stove and once
you touch my money it hurts because I
bite your nipples off so what do you
guys got to get your
Oh spitting off tonight well yeah meet
someone just oh you're stopping then
your credit card you get over here Rufus
and you give me those nipples maiya
hurts so bad oh well block Yoshi did you
learn your lesson about stealing yeah
[ __ ] out wall steal from Goodman no mo
why only Goodman you shouldn't want to
steal from anyone anymore
well Judy's in Brooklyn guy buy my
nipple love so they still good hold on
who's that hello Oh black Yoshi
[Music]