so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude there's a BattleBots fight tonight
on TV we have to watch it what's
BattleBots you don't know what
BattleBots is it's where robots fight
until they destroy each other yeah dude
it's destruction yeah and tonight it's
Splinter saw versus Tornado tentacles
and tornado tentacles has it lost no
splitter's gonna win he's gonna kick his
ass what the tornado tentacles had
tentacles that spin in a tornado yeah
well Splinter saw his mom is in the
hospital so he really wants to win one
for her well let's watch it guys well
quick you're yapping and turn it on
Junior okay hello and welcome to the
BattleBots Arena where tonight we will
have a battlebot fight tonight's
matchup's gonna be a good one folks
first we have Splinter song
yeah go Splinter sir and Splinter saw
will be fighting tornado pinnacle
foreign
I'm trying to watch guys
my bad let the match begin
oh no it looks like Splinter sauce
gotten one of tornado tentacles is
tentacles he's trying to get away what
oh no it looks like he's caught in the
Smasher oh he's really taking a pounding
there he's getting smashed oh he has it
right where he wants them come back
splitter shot think of your mom oh it's
over dude
oh you hear that sound false that means
it's time for the falling hammers
oh you're so done dude oh no it looks
like tornado because was hit with a
hammer and another one oh no and a
mallet oh it's over folks Splinter saw
wins
dude Joseph I told you Splinter saw
would win but tornado tentacles was
undefeated he was undefeated but not now
he should change his name to tornado
testicles because he sucks balls bro the
only reason you do one is because the
Hammers came down yeah you're right well
that was really cool guys that's like a
really awesome fight yeah I just wish I
could make my own BattleBots someday
have you ever wanted to build your own
BattleBots someday well today's that day
we're having a battlebot competition and
if you can build your own battlebot and
your Bot can fight and be the last spot
standing you could win five thousand
dollars but there is a 500 entrance fee
so bring the money and your robot today
whoa Cody look we could build a battle
bot and enter that competition to win
five thousand dollars well yeah Junior
we could but there's so many problems
with that first we'd have to build a
robot and that's hard and then we don't
have the 500 for the entrance fee how
about you build the robot I'll get the
500 for my dad's wallet and Joseph
he can name the robot oh I'm good at
naming stuff dude but it seems like I'm
doing all the work because I'm the one
making the robot no Cody we're all doing
equal amount of work you're building I'm
funding it and Joseph's naming it that's
complicated meaning it's the easiest
part no sometimes the name of the
product is more important than the
product itself like you know how hard it
is to think of a name of a product like
like think of McDonald's how long you
think it took them to think of
McDonald's McDonald's is the last name
of the guy who made McDonald's it wasn't
that hard he just named it after himself
Wendy's okay Wendy's is the name of the
daughter of the owner of Wendy's uh KFC
they're from Kentucky and they make
fried chicken it's not that hard to
think of Kentucky Fried Chicken
um Apple yeah they make they make uh
cell phones they're well known dude and
they make laptops like what what made
Steve Jobs name it apple he could have
named it orange or pear or zucchini or
watermelon but instead he said Apple see
now when you say apple you think of
iPhone so the name of the products the
most important thing so Joseph he's the
next Steve Jobs yep you're welcome dude
guys we're not making apple we're making
a robot that'll probably just get
destroyed anyway look let's all break up
and do our jobs and let's all meet back
up and we're done okay guys check out
our robot whoa you made a robot spider
hell yeah I did isn't he sick he's the
coolest robot I've ever seen Cody yeah
okay Junior so where's the 500 oh uh I
don't think my dad has that much money
in his wallet what Junior
that's your mom for the money oh so I
have to make the
right I promise I'll pay her back okay
Joseph what's the name the what the name
for the robot oh yeah uh I
but all the good ones are taken
McDonald's Wendy's KFC those are all
restaurants we need robot names well
sorry Cody we didn't get the easy job to
make the robot yeah all you got to do is
put pieces together dude oh screw you
guys I just did all the work and you
guys did nothing well look Cody I don't
see any weapons on this robot where are
the weapons well I didn't add any
weapons no weapons
stupid oh I'm sorry I'm not as stupid
somebody who couldn't think
we got the robot we need a name so let's
anyone throw out some name suggestions
how about daddy long legs oh they're
pretty nice that's an awesome name I
want to take you come up with that just
now I just thought of it it was very
easy no it took like five hours
definitely okay so I need to add some
weapons to this so I got an idea I'll be
right back
all right Cody I just taped a knife to
the top of the spider oh yeah now we do
a damage dude so I basically built like
half the spider Junior I could have
taped a knife to it but did you oh talk
that yeah so shut up Cody also
Joseph grabbed me the tape so we all
basically built this robot we're a team
yep so we get to split the prize money
if we win right we'll see about that
later so let's go interim to the
competition okay
oh man Cody do you think we're gonna win
our first fight we better you see this
controller people thought they could
control a submarine with this thing
hopefully this goes better than that did
hello
and daddy long legs will be reversing
the shark Shield
reversing a boat how is that supposed to
work well we have a knife on our spider
so stab the pool and it'll make the pool
deflate and then the boat will like
crash but if our spider gets wet it
might destroy the battery well it's
worth a shot Cody okay let the match
begin looks like Daddy Long Legs is
going to use his knife oh and he punches
the pool oh the water's coming out daddy
long legs has got to get out of there
what is shark ship gonna do
oh no lamb no shark ship can't move
daddy long legs wins
one
yes well I think we kind of got lucky
because it was a boat so all we had to
do was pop the pool well the knife was
mightier so we only won because of my
amazing engineering screw you guys
whip yeah well we won so
bad so who do you think we're gonna
verse next I have no idea well get out
there daddy long legs when is that money
yeah go boy hello welcome back to
another battlebot fight today's matchup
Daddy
daddy legs and he will be versing
Hammerhead Sean
he has a hammer on his head and an ax on
his ass oh oh junior he has a hammer and
an ax well we have a spider and a knife
bring it chump let the match begin Cody
charged him as fast as you can go okay
Daddy Long Legs is gonna strike first oh
damn Cody get off yeah dude I'm trying
daddy long legs needs to get up oh no
he's getting the ax Cody do something
he's teabagging us I'm trying Emma
head's going for the ramp oh damn oh oh
this match is over folks Hammerhead win
we got completely destroyed we never had
a chance hey Chumps what PJ Crenshaw
Jamie James Crenshaw hey Jamie's
Crenshaw you're the one controlling the
hammerhead shark yeah and you guys are
gonna need something a lot better than a
spider if you're gonna beat my
hammerhead shark yeah I can't believe we
lost and I still owe my mom 500 because
I was gonna pair back with the winnings
from the fight well Cody it's actually
your fault we lost cause it was your
dumb idea to come up with a robot spider
yeah that was a crappy idea dude oh I'd
like to see you guys come up with a
better robot why'd you have to make a
robot spider something so small you
should have made a robot gorilla oh man
a robot gorilla went crazy I don't know
how to make a robot gorilla well I have
an idea for you to be able to pay your
mom back well technically you should be
paying her back because you are supposed
to pay for it to begin with okay well I
have an idea for me to be able to pay
her back you go borrow another 500 from
your mom and then we'll enter the
competition again with a new robot and
we'll win why would she loan me another
500 when I didn't pay her back last time
tell her will pair back double but we're
gonna owe her two thousand dollars is he
stupid he's very stupid if we borrow 500
and we pay her back double that's a
thousand Cody idiot we already borrowed
500 so if you borrow another 500 that'll
be a thousand and double that is 2 000.
oh I'm not gonna pay back double for the
first 500 I'm only gonna pay her back
double for the second 500. that's still
gonna be fifteen hundred dollars I like
that's a deal yeah that's a deal why
would she be okay with that because
she's gonna get her money back when we
win the competition with the five
thousand dollars because you're not
gonna make a robot spider this time
because it was a dumb idea okay well
who's making the robot because I don't
want to do it you why you're gonna make
the robot and we're gonna think of the
names yeah you're not gonna think of a
name it's gonna be the best name ever so
go make the robot go get the money and
we're gonna think of the name I hate you
guys
so hard to work with right okay guys I
got the robot oh you built a helicopter
Cody yeah I figured if we can fly the
other robots won't be able to reach us
and also I built this hook so we can
pick him up go really high drop them and
then they'll break and we win that's a
good idea Cody now you're thinking with
your Noggin yeah so what's the name okay
well we've been thinking yeah we made a
long list and we thought we heard these
names before oh yeah you think so we
ended up going with an original name
gravedigger okay well that's not
original because there's a monster truck
called that and also a helicopter named
Gravedigger doesn't make sense a
helicopter can dig a grave Cody like if
the blades hit the ground or if they're
crash in Calabasas yeah yeah I mean fine
I guess we can call it Gravedigger oh
did you get the 500 from your mom yeah I
got the money all right so let's go
let's go time for another battlebot
fight folks in this corner Grave Digger
the helicopter for some reason and in
this corner hammerhead shark again all
right Cody you have a plan this time
right yeah I'm just gonna hook them fly
up as high as I can and then drop him so
he breaks oh not losing this time dude
yeah we're gonna win let the match begin
Grave Digger
Digger Hammerhead I got him hooked fly
up fly up
your head wait a minute looks like
Hammer hands caught himself a grave
digger and he's running him over oh no
this match has got to be over he's
smashing into pieces I can't watch this
Cody do something Junior there's nothing
I can do we're just gonna have to sit
back and watch him have his way with us
Hammerhead wins that did not go as
planned you guys really thought a stupid
helicopter could take on a hammerhead
shark
believe we lost again
no my mom 50 hundred dollars Cody why
would you make a helicopter what a dumb
idea yeah such a stupid idea dude you
guys said it was a great idea well we
lost so it's a bad idea why wouldn't the
helicopter pick up the shark truck the
shark was too heavy your mom's too heavy
but the Earth finds a way to carry her
around yeah why did you just make a
gorilla dude yeah a robot gorilla I
don't know how to make a robot gorilla
wow Cody I used to think you were smart
and a nerd but now you're just a big
dumb Loser yeah we need a new smart
friend dude yeah what you guys want some
smart I'll make you some smart
I'll make the coolest robot car ever
okay guys check this out I call it the
Mean Green Machine the what hold on let
me turn it off it's kind of loud I call
it the Mean Green Machine whoa dude you
made this hell yeah I did is that a gun
yep military grade we're gonna kill PJ
Crenshaw on his stupid monster truck
dude we're totally gonna win there's no
way we'll lose yeah we we need another
500 to enter the competition again I
already got it from my mom now we owe
her 2 000 1500 from before and now
another 500. well we're definitely gonna
win this time and we'll get the five
thousand dollars and if every pay your
mom two thousand that'll leave us with
three thousand dollars a thousand
dollars for each of us yeah I mean it
should all go to me because I did all
the work I mean I even named this one
because I knew you guys weren't gonna no
we all get a thousand dollars each
because this is all idea come on
welcome back to another battlebot fight
we've done a lot today but this matchup
is the Mean Green Machine versus The
Undefeated hammerhead shark shark okay
Cody we're gonna win this time oh yeah
I'm just gonna shoot him to death with
my gun let the match begin
Cody's coming at us die
oh no it looks like the mean green
machine is shooting his machine gun
hammerhead shark is riddled with bullets
oh hammerhead shark blew up mean green
machine wins we won
celebrate die
sweet Jesus everyone run for your lives
guys we won and we got five thousand
dollars we're rich dude yeah I can't
believe we won just because I sprayed
bullets everywhere and shot all the
other robots unfortunately I also shot
35 people so I will be going to jail
I'll see you guys later
uh so does that mean we have to pay his
mom back
[Music]