no Billy we don't want to play your
games leave oh come on Marvin it's just
a really quick card game it's called
find the Ace of SP I don't want to play
your stupid card game I see the AIDS Neo
right there no you don't it's right
there oh come on Marvin just put your
hand in there and grab a random card if
I grab a random card will you leave oh
yeah of course okay what card should I
grab oh my God he can stab me with the
eighth needle no no
oh my God call a doctor
[Music]
breaking news okay the cure for eight
has been found me and two other people
are the reason let's go to our interview
now no you scared me hello it's me Mr
Goodman I'm here with Dr Brooklyn T guy
and his nurse Susan Smith Dr guy here
found the cure for AIDS with nurse Susan
using the money I donated to fund the
research we did it guys no more AIDS
oh my God they have a cure I'm saved
perfect we have to get you to the
hospital let's go what they have a cure
no my life is over I'm nothing if I'm
not giving random people
you know what I'm gonna get my revenge
on that doctor and the nurse and that
rich guy
[Music]
where the hell am I I would like to play
a game oh Jesus Billy not you again oh
it's me again so you like Curious huh oh
that's what this is about you're mad
that I cured AIDS yeah and since you
like Pickering up really hard stuff I
got a lot of really hard stuff for you
to figure out oh please do tell so how's
your day going it's been pretty shitty
oh perfect cause I'm about to make it
shittier that's great so you are
currently strapped into an electric
chair that is set to go off into murders
two minutes got it so you see a spoon
yeah let's just say it's not a spoon for
eating booty bubbles yeah I didn't think
it would be sorry you're gonna take
their spoon and you're gonna dig out
your eyeball with it because I put a key
behind your eye and once you get the key
you're gonna use it to unlock this saw
to cut off your right hand and once your
right hand has got clean up I personally
will give you a code to turn off the
circuit breaker just turn off the
electric chair
Ready set go no no no no no no you
stopped that timer I have questions okay
what questions do you have okay well
like why do I have to
[Applause]
have to test I feel like you had a lot
of ideas so you just did all of them
because you pissed me off okay but like
I have only two minutes to like scoot my
eye out with this with this spoon I'm
gonna
ensure you only have a minute and 40
seconds now no no you're gonna stop that
goddamn Tire because you need to explain
some things
do I need to explain okay well like you
didn't even tell me what I am supposed
to scoop out okay that's for you to
figure out no no no this is [ __ ] you
need to explain this okay I guess I'll
give you ahead then let's just say I
hope you pick the right one okay my
right eye got it wait wait hold on my
right or your right right what no no you
need to give me something more to go on
than that okay let's just say look D
Lucy righty tighty what the [ __ ] did
okay okay fine uh I'm gonna go my right
then because you're a trickster and you
like jokes and that's the one you would
pick I don't know Jesus just shut up and
let me do this oh God it's gonna hurt
okay okay I got the eye out but I don't
feel a [ __ ] key Billy where's the key
Billy oh my gosh you didn't pick the
right one oh God damn it I knew you were
gonna pull something like this so you
tricked me with the Lefty Loosey thing I
thought you meant my left eye was loose
and you're right well I told you like
three times it was your right arm God
damn it okay okay I'll do the other one
just give me a minute okay I need a
minute are you sure you want to check
them out you're running out of Drive
okay okay I'll do it I'll do it God damn
it
okay okay I got the key out but my eyes
are all dangling and I look like a snail
well why I really hope you're not as
slow as a snail because you only have
one minute and four seconds left okay
okay I'm gonna unlock it I just I can't
see with my eyes like this oh let me
help you buddy oh thank you that's very
nice of you oh you're welcome buddy
okay all you gotta do you gotta do what
your hand off free
you're a great job hey how much time do
I have left 46 seconds okay could you
give me another minute this is gonna
hurt really bad no oh Curve Your Hand
earlier when I helped you at the lock
now it's your turn to keep me
okay okay I'm doing it I'm doing it
okay okay I cut my hand off Billy what's
the code the code is zero sure hurry up
look what the timer would be at if you
didn't make it oh he's gonna be [ __ ]
kidding me okay zero so I can't see with
my eyes like this you said it was three
zeros yeah it was three zeros
okay I did it oh man you turned it off
with one second left wait why did I even
have to turn it off I could have just
gotten up oops oh by the way the saw
that you cut your right hand off with
was covered in AIDS so you now
um
hahaha okay well we cured AIDS so that's
not really a problem but I guess I'll go
put my eyes back in oh man baby I'm so
glad they were able to cure my AIDS yeah
I'm glad you're okay Marvin Hey guys
you're never gonna believe where I just
got back from Brazil no not Brazil
Greece okay you can stop guessing
where'd you get back from well you
remember that creepy little clown from
Saw Billy oh yeah we saw him earlier
yeah well I saw him too when he strapped
me up in this contraption and I had to
cut my hand off to get free were you to
cut your hand off
God yeah oh my God is right I mean
luckily I put it on ice so I was able to
reattach it but look it has no feeling
at all anymore and the worst part is I
had to scoop both of my eyeballs out
with a spoon why would you have to do
that he's really pissed off that I cured
AIDS oh well I mean at least you escaped
so that means he won't go after you
again yeah let's hope I am kind of
worried about my nurse though I don't
think he'll go after her I think he's
like mad at you yeah yeah you're
probably right
hello hello is anybody there someone
help me no one can hear you who are you
what game you are currently trained to a
wall with a bear trap beyond your head
no no no I wouldn't move around too much
you might set off the bear trap what do
you want me to do are you like helping
doctors cure AIDS well I would like a
little bit of help you see I have this
sandwich that I wasn't able to finish
earlier but I was wondering will you
help me finish the sandwich okay did I
forget to mention that the sandwich is
made from Human
that I'm a vegetarian well you better
eat in the next 60 seconds or else the
bear trap will close on your head
exposing your brain ready sad go okay
I'll try uh
sting oh come on the clock's ticking
yummy yummy oh you know what how about I
help you here here look here comes the
airplane
wait wait can I
connect oh let me check oh I only have
pepper that's fine
okay
oh man that is messed up you sneezed on
my sandwich man now I gotta throw it
away what a waste oh come on answer
answer
Susan's not answering her phone I'm
starting to get worried I'm gonna go
back to where Billy had me tie it up and
see if she's there
what the [ __ ] charge hell I signed with
a dinky [ __ ] again and she left me tied
up oh my God Church she's hideous she's
a drunk too she wears too much makeup
and too much eyeliner she's got a Parrot
nose she's one of those emo [ __ ] you
know the words you say could really hurt
listen I'm sorry but if I slept with you
I must have been drunk as [ __ ] oh my God
we didn't have sex oh thank God listen I
want to play a game okay listen I'll
only let you suck it if you put a bag on
your head and you shut up listen I said
I wanna play a game since you like to
find the cure for age so much I want you
to take this blowtorch and burn all your
money and if you do I'll let you go but
if you don't oh cut your balls off with
this much sharter cut them off what yeah
I'll never hurt money go ahead and cut
off my balls are you serious because I
will literally let you go if you just
burn this money no cut off my balls if
we had sex then I definitely don't want
balls on me anymore because I don't want
the chlamydia to go any further you know
what spoil this
no as long as the money is safe you're
no one you're okay you're gonna take
this son cut off your legs and if you
don't do it within 60 seconds the room
will fill up with poison gas and you'll
die
Josh Hell she's a crazy [ __ ] I think
I'm in love
Susan Susan does he have you trapped in
here what what smells like poison gas oh
it's probably this poison gas machine I
should turn that off yeah it's much
better Susan oh my God Susan she's [ __ ]
save me okay okay hey guys I'm back did
you find your nurse yeah I found her but
her head was crushed in a bear trap oh
my God yeah and he cut Goodman's balls
off which is good news for me Marvin
because now I can't get hookers pregnant
do you have to go catch Billy and arrest
him well that's the problem Marvin he's
hard to catch he's like a weasel they
made 10 movies I don't think he's
stopping anytime soon so all I can
really say is hide your kids hide your
wife hey hide your husband because he's
killing everybody out here
[Music]