e e e man guys I love eating popsicles
oh yeah dude it's the best way to cool
off orange is my favorite Cody calm down
you can get a brain freeze all right
everyone try to get a brain freeze bite
your
popsicles Jeffy what happened dude he
bit his tongue you didn't have to bite
that
hard what baby what are you doing I'm
taking feet picks Marvin why so I can
sell them online because you won't get a
job baby no no no you got to take better
angles than that what because won't sell
Marvin what Jeffy I can't understand
you put your tongue back in your mouth
so I can hear you not not baby I can't
understand what jeffy's saying well
maybe he has a speech impediment he has
a brain impediment Marvin it's
true I can't understand what you're
saying
Jeffy Marvin maybe if you speak like him
you'll understand what he's saying
better oh I'll speak like
Jeffy ow look he's an
idiot okay you his tongue just fell out
of his mouth oh no I'm calling the
doctor call the doctor baby did you call
the doctor I did he said he was on his
way what that was like 30 minutes ago
I'm going to call and check on
him hello damn baby what what what hey
Marvin is that you yeah you said damn
baby oh yeah well I I I'm in traffic
right now and there's a lady whose
baby's not in a car seat so I was like
damn baby you should be in a car seat
are is that music I hear yeah you know
yeah cuz I'm you know I'm in my car
listening to music like everybody does
duh are you at a strip club no Marvin I
told you I'm in traffic you know it's
going to take a while cuz you know
things were crazy at the hospital there
was like this woman with her ankles
behind her head how is she doing that
she was a spank is what she needs wait
what yeah yeah like I said Marvin I'm in
traffic okay well my son's tongue fell
out of his mouth my tongue's about to
fall out of my mouth oh what was that
that that was a car an old car honking
at me you know like AA and it's also the
noise here making cartoons when you see
a hot lady in your I pop out of your
head I think my son had a stroke I'm
about to stroke something yeah in
traffic you know cuz I'm so bored I got
nothing else to do I might as well just
you know rub one out oh listen I really
need your help are you coming or not I'm
coming oh I'm coming oh damn I am coming
then please hurry he's still there
Marvin yeah I'll be on my way keep the
change I I think he's on his way that
must be him hello hey Marvin do you have
like a wet napkin or a towel or can I
just straight up take a shower why well
you see I was in traffic you know and I
I had my window rolled down just
listening to music minding my own
business and then somebody threw a
cigarette in my car so that's that's why
I smell like a strip club and then yeah
you can smell that and then and because
I had my window rolled down you know
somebody ran by and they stole my wallet
and they took like 500 bucks out of
there plus bottle service and then they
gave me my wallet back but I I still
lost a lot of money and then I was just
so bored you know sitting in traffic
doing nothing so I decided to do a
crafts project and I had like a hole in
my pants so I decided to try to glue
that clothes you know from the inside so
then yeah my pants got all sticky and my
legs got sticky so um can I take a
shower yeah just make it quick hey baby
he said yes baby yeah my time doesn't
start yet okay wait who's that oh this
this is a nasty bit no this is a nurse
baby yeah she spells it be e be like
like babay but I I just call her baby um
she's not wearing her her nurse outfit
or really any clothes for that matter
cuz um cuz a patient threw up on him
that that's why we need to take a shower
so bad is that a
Marvin come on Marvin no she is not a
stripper she is she is a nurse she's a
nurse and she just got done with a very
long 12-hour shift helping very sick
kids just scrub and puke on her hands
and knees and you you call her a
stripper more apologize to baby I'm
sorry baby yeah that's right that's
right that's right baby so um yeah we're
going to need to uh use your shower and
then also probably your bed to dry off
why don't you just go somewhere else
well my wife would never allow me to
bring her home and this is cheaper than
a hotel cuz it's free so can I take your
shower okay hurry up thanks come on
Jeffy ask me a yes or no
question pick a color Bo what Bo what Bo
what Bo Jeffy shut up Marvin where's the
doctor he's taking a shower what why he
said he got dirty in traffic I don't
know hey guys why are you naked we were
born this way okay it's how were
supposed to be oh Marvin I should
probably let you know I pulled the
triple s in your bathroom a triple S
yeah [ __ ] shower shave except I did it
all in the shower what I know I know but
the toilet was too far away so I just
had to drop anchor right there in the
shower like a lot of anchors I [ __ ] like
a rabbit Marvin don't worry I tried to
clean it up I took the plunger and tried
to shove it down the drain but I just
made it worse and it just ended up
looking like a big stringy Play-Doh mess
like trying to shove ground beef down a
garbage disposal that's sick yeah I know
I'm sorry Marvin okay but that's not
important what's important is that I
have a question okay I don't really know
this girl very well wait what girl
there's a girl in there yeah it's a Nurf
that he works with Marvin come on that
was obviously a lie she's clearly a
hooker a hooker yeah Marvin don't
pretend I'm not a habitual liar
obviously she's a hooker let's get past
that what I need to know is should I
wear protection or not you can ask my
fortune teller o okay okay pick a color
red r e d pick a number two one two pick
another number three all right let's see
only time will tell oh cool that's real
[ __ ] helpful thank you for that yeah
I guess time will tell and months when
it's too late listen can you just help
with my son while you're right here yeah
sure I'll do it later what do it later
do it right now no I'll do it after I'm
done Jeffy go to your room until he's
ready B guys I do have another really
big favor to ask what do you want I need
some money what for what well I think my
time with her is up and she did see me
[ __ ] in the shower and try to shove it
down the drain with a plunger so now she
wants more money to stay well I think I
have a 20 in the car get that please
okay Marvin money I I might have a tin
in my wallet that's not going to be
enough buddy she saw me [ __ ] in the
shower like a rabbit I have an ATM card
that I can go get money out of yeah
that's more like it the longer we sit
here talking about it the more money
she's goingon to need okay here's a 20
thank you and uh here's a 50 50 that's
all you could do yeah that's all I could
do 70 is kind of a weird number for
seeing somebody [ __ ] in the shower but I
can make it work I can make it work okay
guys now that we're done eating our
popsicles and you're done choking on
yours what do you want to do we should
play hide-and-seek oh yeah dude that
sounds fun as hell okay I'll count first
hey oh we're just playing hide-and seek
yeah sure you can play Junior's counting
wait you can understand him yeah he's
speaking in tongues I speak tongue
around a butthole H okay I'm going to
count okay one
two wait you're not that doctor do you
have my
money who are you I'm the green
Scooby-Doo killer and I'm going to kill
you oh my God he's killing
me she's dead out the window I go H hey
baby I got the money so you know what
that means fist in my ass Jeffy did you
kill my hooker
no it has to have been you you're the
only one here come on you're under
arrest order order order order I am the
honorable Judge W and today we will be
hearing the case of Jeffy who is being
accused of murdering a hooker BFF tell
me what happened well your honor I had
just gotten done [ __ ] in the shower
and I told the hooker to go wait for me
in the bedroom cuz I needed to ask
Martin for some money cuz I had to pay
the hooker you know for obvious reasons
and then when I got into the bedroom I
saw Jeffy standing there right next to
the dead hooker H oh dear how much was
she charging you $100 an hour H not bad
for everything uh y she was a nasty
[ __ ] your honor Jeffy how could you did
you really murder that hooker explain
yourself
[Music]
I'm sorry what I I can't understand you
can you say that
again Mr Jeffy if the next sound out of
your mouth is not an understandable
sentence I will find you guilty of
murder that is it Mr Jeffy I find you
guilty of murdering a hooker and I
sentence you to life in prison she was a
good woman come on you monster
get in there you murderer I hope your
cellmate does to you what that hooker
was going to do to me shove his fist in
your ass Jeffy how could you do this to
our family officer there's just no way
that Jeffy murdered that hooker he
there's no way Marvin you're just going
to have to accept that your son's a
murderer Jeffy why would you do
this what are you trying to
say listen Marvin I don't have time for
this I got another inmate I got to bring
in Jeffy if you could just try your
hardest to try to explain who did it
just say it just try to say it with the
best way you
can you're not even trying all right
Jeffy it looks like you s it's going to
be this guy in a green Scooby-Doo
costume we can't understand you Jeffy
just stop trying to talk that's the guy
who killed the hooker in the green
Scooby-Doo costume yeah it was me wait
Telly how can you talk hi well because I
had this big piece of Play-Doh in my
mouth the whole time pretending it was
my tongue wait so this is the guy who
killed the hooker yeah and the green
Scooby-Doo costume why did you take out
the Play-Doh earlier cuz I'm a [ __ ] and
why didn't you speak up in court cuz I'm
I'm a [ __ ] so you wasted everyone's
time yeah I'm going to beat your ass r r
help somebody owes me 70 bucks in a fist
in my ass
[Music]