oh man oh man I can't wait to watch
Charlie and friends it's my favorite
show
ever Charlie and friends was filmed in
front of a live
audience oh hi guys I'm
Charlie and today I'm going swimming but
there's one little problem I can't
swim let's see how this goes
[Applause]
Charlie why would you go swimming
knowing you don't know how to swim
you're such a silly Billy you silly
goose hey all you Charlie and friends
fans out there have you ever wanted to
meet the one and only Charlie from
Charlie and friends well now you can
meet greet tickets are now on sale to
meet Charlie I can meet
Charlie I got to get
tickets oh my God man oh man the pizza
rolls are almost
ready zap baby Z baby snap
baby why would you do that you ripped
off my arm wello you get it fat I be
Charlye he's having a meat and greet and
you need to buy me tickets right
now I Angel
[Applause]
pron I can't believe he RI my arm off
let me buy these stupid meat and greet
tickets so I can get my arm back wait
what it's sold out no way I need to get
those meting GRE tickets so I can get my
arm back I'll never get my y back hey
all you Charlie and friends fans out
there are you upset that all the mean
Greet tickets are sold out well we're
holding a hand clapping competition
whoever can clap their hands the fastest
wins a free mean greet ticket are you
serious hand clapping competition how am
I supposed to win the competition with
one hand hey shpi what are you doing
don't talk to me right now Junior I need
to figure out how to win this hand
clapping competition with one hand why
do you have one hand because your dad
ripped off my other arm oh well I can
enter the competition for you look I can
clap it's too slow Junior you need to
clap faster like this yeah wao your hand
super fast that's what all the ladies
tell me Well what if I hid in your coat
and I came over here and I helped you
clap with this hand you know what Junior
that's so crazy it might work come on
hello hello and welcome to the first
annual clapping competition whoever can
clap their hands the most in 10 seconds
wins tickets to meet Charlie you're
going down Nerds come on shef let's
practice okay now hold your horses two
people can't clap for one that's
cheating but I only have one hand all
right let's make it fair damn sorry Chef
Pee what come on Junior 3 2 1 go
[Applause]
[Music]
God you know what I'm out of here and we
have a winner afraid dang it now I'll
never get a ticket or my arm back I'm
sorry Chef peip I tried to help uh hello
I I heard voices and I was wondering if
someone could help me who are you oh my
name's Floyd I'm blind I was wondering
if someone could help me find this
Charlie and friends meet and greet see I
have this ticket but I kind of can't
find it cuz I'm blind I can find it I
can help you sir shf peipi don't you
dare Junior I need this ticket I got to
get my arm back so scram brat right now
uh let me see that ticket let me make
sure it's real sir oh yeah of course you
know it's been a lot of scams lately oh
definitely so is it real Hello so is it
real
hello hello here I got you your Charlie
and friends Mee and greet ticket now
give me my arm back you actually got it
oh my God Charlie here I come wait
where's my arm oh man oh man I can't
wait to see
Charlie oh I'm first in line
no I'm first in line oh well second's
better who's ready to beet
[Applause]
Charlie okay he'll be out in 5 minutes
oh man I'm his biggest fan no I'm his
biggest fan no I'm his biggest fan I'm
I'm his biggest fan hey hey hey hey
break it up
you all right guys get out there you
banned from meeting Charlie no seriously
you can't do that anything no he told me
you know you're me dude you did it it's
not me I don't want to hear it you guys
can't go back in there I got to meet
Charlie I got to meet Charlie I'm the
Bigg I'm the biggest fan don't you start
it again guys it's not going to happen
oh man you don't even know this tree oh
the tree is going get it I'm not even
dealing with this anymore see what you
made him do I don't care how many temper
tantrums that grown man throws he's not
getting back oh my mom said that to me
one time guess what I'm telling you I'm
he's that's too bad guys you're not
getting back in there oh come on this is
so I'mma find a way back in I'mma sneak
in using this disguise I'm going to
sneak in wearing this disguise what you
stole my idea no you stole my idea you
look stupid anyway now shut up we're
going to get in and see Charlie well
let's work together then then let's work
together now shut up Le the way God nerd
who's the next fan me me me me hi guys
I'm Charlie oh yeah oh man I can't
believe We snuck in shut up you're going
to get us Caught no you're going to get
us caught you're going to get us Caught
no you're going to get us caught shut up
you're going to get us caught is there a
problem here oh no sir no offic not me
wait a minute you two look kind of
familiar nah that's probably cuz you
kicked us out earlier but I hold on what
I kicked you guys out earlier wait get
back here uh next fan oh my
god oh man security got you you big
Bast you're next yeah thank you all
right you two are going to jail for
assaulting Charlie assaulting Charlie I
didn't assault Charlie I was giving him
a big bear hug cuz I love him I'm his
biggest fan no you're not I'm his
biggest fan start hey hey hey hey break
it up see this is why you're in here you
can't control your anger oh I won't make
it in here you don't get it I need my
Peppa Pig to sleep at night okay but
look you're going to have to stay in
here for at least 30 days 30 days you
know how many days 30 days is 30 days
it's it's at least it's more than 10
uhhuh I'm just going to let you count
that out you you don't get it come on
bro snap out of it we need to find a way
to break out of here so we can meet
Charlie you're right I'm a man I ain't
no whip let's go we're getting out of
here guard has it been 30 days yet it's
been about 30 seconds 30 seconds I just
came to tell you you still have your one
phone call one phone call I can't H in
here come on buddy hey hey look who it
is oh oh it's Peppa Pig Peppa Pig okay
okay Peppa
oh no this I hate it calm down bro the
sooner we break out of this jail is the
sooner we see Charlie and Peppa
Pig you're right for Peppa and Charlie
him too we need a plan like what you
know what I still have my phone call and
when that guard comes over I'm going to
punp you in his face ow you didn't have
to demonstrate on me sorry I just get
excited hey guard hey I'm ready for my
phone call okay come on
okay here's the phone wait are you going
to hit
me I don't know my mom's number I don't
know what to tell you man what are you
doing you're supposed to punch
him Mom I'm arrested again and the mean
man put me that goh I don't think I'm
that mean come on pun I'm
already do you
promise I love you
Mom Mom said that if I would behave and
do my time so buy me the Peppa Pig B set
okay okay buddy let's go back to
yourself what are you doing you were
supposed to punch him oh yeah hey guard
what ow what the hell now you get 60
days 60 days this is your fault see told
you you going to give me it was your
plan look G can I get my phone call
please all right thank you all right
make your phone call okay all I have to
do is punch him in the face and I can
finally see Charlie wait what is that
what's what is this is this a human arm
oh yeah that's ship's arm okay you're
too dangerous to be making phone calls
I'm going to have to add another charge
for murder or at least dismemberment get
back in yourself what no I need my one
phone call all right you two are staying
in here come on we need to think of
another plan to break out of here don't
talk to me anymore you got me in trouble
what you got me in trouble we're in jail
because of you don't hey hey hey hey all
right that's it I'm putting you two in
separate cells good I don't want to be
in here he's better I got to go tinkle
really
bad get in there at least I got my own
celf what's up big and
beautiful welcome to sale B for bubbles
M you
cute M you're cute
too man I need to break out so I can see
Charlie hey bro I knocked out my cmate
wait what how did you do that trust me
you don't want to know but I've got a
plan I'm going to call the guard over
and tell him that he needs medical
assistance and when he comes in I'm
going to punch him in the face are you
really going to punch him this time I
won't forget hey guard what do you want
in mate my soulmate he needs medical
assistance look Jesus why is he naked I
have no idea but he's bleeding okay let
me let me take a look at him let see
what's ow
Peppa hey come on we got to get out of
here well open the cell then first who's
the biggest Charlie fan it's me duh my I
guess you can stay here then guys look
you're the Biggest Fan okay yes come on
we got to go man oh man I can't wait to
watch the Charlie and friends marathon
with you I know me too we're the biggest
fans ever yeah time for Charlie who
likes Charlie we like Charlie everybody
loves some Charlie who got Charlie where
is Charlie there is Charlie he got
everything that you
need he likes to eat food and
stuff but Charlie he he's awesome here
is the and friend
show is it is it real I don't want to be
late to the meet and greed so man you
must have like a magnifying glass or
something looking at it real good
huh so what do you think you think you
think it's real
[Music]
right