oh man I'm so sick Chef Bei where's my
tissues hold on junior I'm coming here's
your tissues why are you pushing it with
a broom because I don't want to get your
Ebola or Bubonic plague I don't know
what you have I'm trying to stay healthy
oh can you hand me the remote I can
throw it to you ow [ __ ] bab I think you
broke my nose I didn't break your nose
stop being a baby junior no I really
think it's broken let me see let me
see oh my God Junior you're trying to
get me sick you stupid little oh I can't
stand there's some the door there's
someone out the door oh you better I'm
going to give you some more when I come
back hello hey is Junior home I made him
some chicken noodle soup wow I guess
Girl Scout cookies aren't selling if
you're going door to door selling
chicken noodle soup I guess I'll buy one
then no I'm not selling it I made it for
junior because he's sick now why the
hell would you do that silly Billy well
because I'm his girlfriend wait wait
what you his girlfriend no way no way
you must got the wrong house and the
wrong Junior cuz there's no way Junior
has a girlfriend no I'm his girlfriend
wait wait you must be blind I see the
glasses you haven't seen how hideous he
is you don't want to be his girlfriend
run these are reading glasses so read
between the lines don't be his
girlfriend he's a brat look can I just
come inside what no no no no no look
tell me is is he bribing you or holding
your family hostage look blink if he is
oh you don't even have to Blink I can
see the pain in your eyes please can I
just come inside I made him this chicken
noodle soup and I want to give it to him
wait you made chicken noodle soup for
him hold on let me see this let me see
this I'll take it to him
what the hell I'm the only one that cook
for him look I'm the S you could go and
talk to him but you don't cook for him I
cook hey sugar plum are you feeling any
better I am now that you're here my
snugs booms Junior I made you chicken
noodle soup to help you feel better but
your Chef took it from me and threw it
outside why would Chef PE do that I
don't know he was being a dick here you
go Junior I made you soup just like you
like it because I'm your Chef I know how
you like it that's how you make soup
read it Junior has a small wiener it's
true and how would you know that you
creep because I have to bathe him and
clean him every single night because
he's a dirty ass individual no shpi shut
up but it's true you guys are not dating
stop lying to me it's no way you got a
girlfriend before me but we really are
dating okay if you really are dating
kiss then wait no I don't want to get
sick because you're lying you're lying
[ __ ] we got one we got one okay
[Music]
fine you can't be true never before me
he's weird Junior
yeah how did Junior get a girlfriend
before me I want a girlfriend but girls
just use me for my body I'm such an
object I want to cuddle too I want to
watch movies and Game of
Thrones hey shf peipi why you crying
like a [ __ ] oh hey little T oh I'm just
sad because juliia got all the hoes I
don't got no
hoes wow that is sad but it sounds like
a personal issue you know me little te
is a pimp I stay with some hoes I can L
you one if you want you really could you
would live me one of your hoes for the
night of course I would we're best
friends right hey [ __ ] bring your ass
here yes Big Daddy all right shut up
[ __ ] I'm talking you got to talk to
these hoes like this okay that's how
they know they roll you feel me hey
[ __ ] uh I need you lend that ass to Jep
PE for the night show them your toes oh
yeah she just got them done all right be
careful for what it t though she just
got a new new and improved have
fun I can really show Junior that I have
a girlfriend oh hey ho let's let's go
show you off so Junior what movie do you
want to watch let's watch The Human
Centipede ooh what's that about it's
this documentary on centipedes because
apparently centipedes are endangered and
the humans make them repopulate the
Earth so they don't go extinct that
sounds so interesting yeah I'll turn it
on yeah put your leg right there put
that foot in my face oh yeah oh I need
that oh my bad my boy I didn't see it
juliia my bad my bad just chilling here
with my main [ __ ] you feel me tight
[ __ ] tight [ __ ] well I didn't know you
had a girlfriend chpi of course I got a
girl I got one of them girlfriends you
got come on you know that you know that
that my main squeeze my sh it my olded
my little boo thing all that [ __ ] you
know that come on tight [ __ ] how long
you been dating oh at least about 2
years but I didn't know you was fair
though stop asking too many questions
God dang but at least 2 years yeah she
bailed me out of jail you know paid the
bond and everything and we've been
locked in ever since yeah she do this
thing where she spread eagle call it the
ball Eagle oh my bad I a me to tell
y'all that [ __ ] you feel me you still
got virgin is little baby tight [ __ ]
tight [ __ ] oh well I've never seen you
kiss a girl so can you kiss her can I
kiss her boy I got lips I know how to
kiss come
here yeah lick her face clean yeah like
a paint you know what I'm talking about
I never knew Chef peipi had a girlfriend
friend [ __ ] I'll kiss her again tongue
her down see my tongue is her
toothbrush shut baby what the [ __ ] are
you doing she's a [ __ ] she puts a lot
of wieners in her mouth big small curvy
tall look even the stinky ones I don't
know what she has going on I never got
to test it
what come on [ __ ] I got you book for
two truckers in a Walmart parking lot
for a Alabama hot pocket and a Mexican
pancake it's time to get caught uh shpi
we just Google what Alama Hot Pocket in
a Mexican pancake AR I don't care I
don't want to know that's gross so that
wasn't your girlfriend I mean that was
my girlfriend but like she my side piece
you know what I'm talking about not the
main entree you feel me nothing to go
too crazy over you said that was your
main I mean you got to say that [ __ ] in
front of them hoes bro like you got to
play the part look you on your first
hole you don't know the game the game
can be bought not taught you feel me how
you going to teach Master the game
master invented the damn game well your
friend came and grabbed your girlfriend
from you look look I just no put out
there in the streets to make some money
it's some money to be made I ain't
trying to hold on to her too much yeah
make that cash baby so where's your main
girlfriend oh yeah you know she in the
cut waiting on a real [ __ ] to come back
to her you pick her up type [ __ ] yeah
she just waiting on me to rescue her ass
but you ain't ready for that you ain't
ready for the main squeeze you too young
for that we we want to meet your main
girlfriend oh you really want to meet
her all right don't don't be surprised
when she got that ass toed up now [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] oh where am I going to
find another girl to be my main
girlfriend oh little hey hey hey shut up
I'm on the phone God damn oh Lil t look
I need your help can you please bring
that girl back and put her in another
wig or something to make her look
different oh I'm sorry Chef peei she's
with those truck drivers right now the
Hot Pocket is in the oven well how long
is it going to take oh I don't know let
me see let me call him back uh hey yo
big red how long you got with my
[ __ ] okay having fun yeah I bet well
have at it all right looks like the
pancake is done but they're halfway
through the hot pocket right now I can
bring her back over here where she's
done but I might have to charge you pee
no it's going to be too long I need to
fight another girl right now God Junior
this movie doesn't look like a
documentary it is they're just trying to
show you what life would be like if
humans had to be
centipedes I ain't want to flex on your
ass Junior but you made me do it so I
brought her out my main squeeze my main
thing Tinker Bell she destined for
greatness as you can see busting all out
the frames coat bottle shape ass oo I
love it yeah she a 10 out of 10 I had to
save her ass you know from the strip
club that naughty life yeah we got a
little Jay-Z Beyonce thing going on
drunk and love tyght [ __ ] typ [ __ ] you
feel me you wouldn't understand that you
in a little boy League just stay over
there this big dog [ __ ] [ __ ] brazy you
feel me excuse me sir uh your payment
was declined what what are you talking
about it went through on the website
well it didn't and our system made an
error so I'm going to have to repossess
the sex doll unless you can pay the $900
what no no no no you can't on the
website they said you cannot repossess
there no returns so uh uh I already used
her heavily so what are you going to do
what are you going to do huh resell well
yeah I can I can wash her and I can use
her myself what no no please that's take
a bell uh I'm sorry I didn't know we had
Jay to peek at Smith here no T come back
baby shfp what was that about oh that
was just a strip manager he said she has
to get back to work it's money to be
made but he said she was a doll yeah her
name's baby doll idiot she's a stripper
duh God she's just precious to everybody
even
me Chef I don't think you have a
girlfriend of course I ain't got no
girlfriend I can't be held down I'm a
pimp you feel me I'm allergic to these
hoes especially a commitment a you feel
me I just catch these holes and put them
back into the sea you know like fish
they can't tie me down I can't be tied
down I break out every time well sh I
think you're just jealous that I have a
girlfriend so you're lying and saying
you have one yeah I don't know how you
even got a girlfriend does she know who
you really are like he pisses the bed
like every single day do you want to
sleep in a pissy bed what well I only do
that cuz I'm afraid to get out of the
bed cuz I'm afraid of the dark Junior
that's disgusting hold on it's even
worse look every time he sneezes it
sounds like the NW so deal with that in
public what I just want to say it so I
say it to sneeze Junior mhm and and
remember when you had that hamster and
you let it like die after you didn't
feed it for like a week yeah he doesn't
like pets he he hates them so deal with
that he's a serial killer they start off
Young Junior I didn't know you were
supposed to feed him every day so I fed
him once a month yeah he doesn't care
about anybody oh look I got hes to deal
with Junior your Chef is really weird
yeah he's really weird let's just watch
the centipede documentary it's not a
documentary Junior yes it is they made
[Music]
sequels
m