[Music]
oh man I can't wait to give Penelope her
Valentine's Day gifts I got her
chocolate flowers and a card hey Junior
Happy Valentine's Day look I got you a
stuffed dinosaur and he has horns on his
head like you oh my God I love it you
know I like dinosaurs I know I got you
chocolate flowers and a card oh Junior I
love it thank you look it's a little
Woodstock and Snoopy yeah how many wood
stocks are in the show I think only one
well they put a bunch of them on the
card well I love it thank you so much so
I was thinking Chef peipi could make us
some pizza rolls and we could watch
cars Junior wait I have plants tonight
plants tonight what do you mean you have
plans tonight I'm your boyfriend supped
have plans with me who do you have plans
with another guy no Junior with my gals
we have Valentine's Day tonight what's
Valentine's Day it's Valentine's Day
with your girlfriends come on banel
let's go oh Junior I got to go we're
going ice skating with your girlfriends
I didn't know you were a lesbian I'm not
Junior they're my friends they just
happen to be girls stop being weird well
tell them that they can scissor each
other and you spend your time with me
Junior no we do this every year no no
you're supposed to spend Valentine's Day
with me this is dumb tell them that
they're ugly and they don't deserve
boyfriend Junior no that's defeats the
whole purpose of Valentine's Day it's
girl power oh this is one of those
holidays huh yeah well I hate it oh well
too bad Junior what am I supposed to do
while you're out doing whatever the
lesbian stuff you're doing well despite
what you just said you can play with
your stuffed animal bye junior I don't
even want to play with it I'm like 16 I
think I'm not supposed to be playing
with stuff that this is dumb I want to
smooch
God I canceled all my plans with my
friends cuz I had to be smooching my
girlfriend all night cuz it's
Valentine's Day God I'm going to sit
here like a loser I'm going to invite
Joseph Cody over hey Junior I thought
you were going to spend the day with
Penelope yeah dude what happened did she
break up with you for a black dude oh
man I saw it coming I knew it was going
to happen one day she's definitely a
snow bunny and was waiting for her
perfect moment to go down that mountain
on a black snowboard yeah she always
looked over at me and I knew she was
going to do
this give me
some yeah yeah so what happened Junior
oh she wanted to spend Valentine's Day
with her girlfriends oh super gay she
just wanted to have a scissors Circle I
knew she was a lesbian bro she's
probably one of those butches yeah she
needs a mustache and going to go by 10
one of these days yeah she called it
galentine's day spending it with her
gals oh yeah I've heard of that no you
haven't it's not even a holiday shut up
yeah that sounds like some fake Joe
Biden holiday there's no way I've never
heard of Valentine's Day till now it's
so lame but no it's just when girls want
to spend Valentine's Day with their
friends well then what do boys get girls
get galentine's day what do boys get if
they want to spend it with their Pals it
should be palentine's day oo I like that
it has a ring to it that doesn't sound
right what palestine's day what no no I
don't think that's what you mean what
it's it's just like Valentine's Day
palentine's Day yeah well shouldn't it
be palentine's day yeah but that's what
I said palentine's day no that's not
what you're saying it's exactly what
you're saying dude I'm just saying it's
a Valentine's Day with your pals
Palestine day yeah with the guys I
thought you'd be happy for that Cody
well I like the idea I just don't think
think that's what people are going to
think when you say that word listen I'm
going to go get some snacks for
Palestine day yeah do that bro that
wasn't even okay guys I was thinking the
perfect snack for Palestine day would be
some carrots and some Hamas well Junior
that's not how you say that it's humus
no that's Hamas no it's hummus okay
tomato tomorrow yeah that's exactly how
wrong you're getting it it's not even
closed Cody I can say words the way I
want to say it and for Palestine day I
want to eat some Hamas and you're saying
that weird too what girls can have
galentine's day pales can have palentine
day that's not what Joseph would you
like some Hamas I don't know bro it kind
of looks a little weird is really good
Joseph I guess so I got to try it then
are you guys doing this on purpose do
you know what you're saying what Cody
can you just open up the Hamas please
please we got to try is really good uh
sir you might want to check this out God
damn it guy I told you I don't want to
see chicks with dicks no sir it's not
that this time there's these three kids
in Florida that are saying some pretty
crazy stuff about Palestine and hummus
my God that damn terrorist organization
finally made its way into the United
States not on my watch you get down
there and arrest those little [ __ ]
and send them to guantan Mo Bay yes sir
so Joseph do you like Hamas nah dude I
don't like Hamas it's really bad dude
well some people like Hamas some people
don't like Hamas I need you guys to stop
saying that freeze terrorist see Junior
I told you this would happen he just
wants to join our Palestine day no I
don't I don't know how you guys got into
this country but it's time to get here
oh listen come on all we're doing is
enjoying Hamas yeah that's the problem
now you're going to Guantanamo Bay I
really don't enjoy humas I think it's
really bad so okay fine you can stay but
what about you two you guys like hummus
I like hummus is come on you going to
Guan moay let's go oh okay well don't
don't let the spoil get in there you
terrorist we're not terrorists we were
just celebrating penstein day Junior
stop saying that you're just making it
worse what a bunch of Pals can't eat
carrots and Hamas Junior it's pronounced
humus well maybe you just need some
punishment from your cellmate bubbles
well can you turn on a heater it's
really cold in here oh my gosh he's not
listening Junior that one was a stretch
I show you a stretch well well well I
didn't know I had two gifts for
Valentine's Day three actually killing
my
boyfriend thank you Jesus good thing I
have a fast refractory period oh I don't
I'm going to need some time to recover
so what did you do to get in here oh
nothing much just violated a couple of
people made grown men cry you killed
someone oh hell no no no even
worse yeah see the mail man was a
delivering my mail properly so I caught
his ass slipping you stabbed him oh no
no no yeah well I stabbed him a little
bit yeah he dropped that mail and I said
hey pick up my [ __ ] mail with your
fat ass as soon as I saw him pick up
that piece of mail let's just say the
flag on my mailbox went up and then in
his
ass stab stab how you did uh yeah is
that all you did oh no no no see I had
to go on a grocery run too too for some
toring yeah I got into the grocery line
saw this cute ass bad boy and he dropped
my damn talining can you believe that
[ __ ] I said oh hell no n n n pick up my
toring right now [ __ ] for your ass get
penetrated and guess what he still got
penetrated yeah I'm a nasty
[ __ ] oh no
Junior you know I actually think I'm
supposed to be here yeah you are
did you do um well apparently we're
terrorists wa oh terrorists in my cell
in my house oh no I'm the only one
tearing ass around here well he would
like to go first yeah yeah I actually
would well B over uhoh see see he's a
willing participant I like that but oh
it's just too damn easy I like a
struggle a chase a fight scream [ __ ]
scream help hey you call for help yeah
that guy said he violated a mailman and
a grocery boy oh yeah I remember those
cases I was working in the courtroom
when it happened so I saw all the
evidence yeah that [ __ ] was beautiful as
hell wasn't it I mean there was feces
everywhere woo so much feces God damn it
was like a chocolate roller coaster oh
man look you can't dig a hole and expect
not to get dirty right especially with a
shovel this goddamn big oh could you
please put that away it looks like a
hammer look you see holes yeah yeah with
Stanley y nuts carrying materon up that
damn Mountain just to you know drink
water out that
[ __ ] I don't remember that happening
in the movie oh it happened it
definitely happened it was a director's
but I mean cut I like ass yeah I
gathered yeah hey hey get the screaming
he gets me hard please get me out of
jail well see it doesn't really work
like that that's the point of jail you
have to be in there whether you want to
be or not but I'm not a terrorist I can
prove it oh yeah well if you can prove
it you should be able to pass the
America quiz America quiz yeah if you
can pass the America quiz that proves
you're not a terrorist and you love
America well you should have just
offered that earlier would have passed
it hey Cody we got to take an America
quiz to get out of here yeah speak for
yourself Junior I think I want to stay
here no come on Cody you're going with
us all right you terrorists if you can
pass this super hard America test that
means you love America and you can stay
but no cheating all right Cody this is
going to be really hard Junior there's
only two questions and they're both
really really easy well don't tell me I
want to see if I can pass it on my own
okay question one finish the sentence Oh
say can you oh that's hard Junior it's c
what there's no way it's O say can you B
no not that c it's C like C with your
eyes okay so it's D C with an ie no
Junior C like C like you see something C
which one is it Cody it's C which one
it's it's b c a so okay there's B is a b
c b which B it's it's B it's C it's the
second one yeah let's go to the second
question oh Jesus okay the second
question what do the 13 stripes on the
American flag stand for 13 original
spices I've heard that before where have
I heard that yeah you've heard it at KFC
KFC Kentucky fr chicken Kentucky is a
state so it should be B 13 states no
it's not Junior it's the colonies Colony
what the hell is a colony name a colony
well like Massachusetts that's a state
Cody well it was a colony when they made
the flag okay so it's the 13 states well
no it's not the state when they made how
about Friday the 13th that we made that
movie what no they didn't the movie
didn't exist when they made the [ __ ]
Flag Jo how do you know when you were
you there no no but it was a long time
ago Freddy versus Jason that's Friday
the 13th that's a really good movie but
it doesn't matter if it's a good movie
what trust me Junior the answer is
[ __ ] C okay I Okay C for which one
it's C the second one is C the first one
is B so the so which b a b just copy my
answers just copy my answers he said
don't copy your anwers just copy my
[ __ ] answers okay we're both done I
don't think we got our answers right
Cody okay let me see how you did oh well
look at that you both pass oh thank God
just one more test would anybody like
some hummus I love humas Junior shut up
oh yeah you like hummus huh well do you
like it more than America I like
cheeseburgers more okay that's a pretty
American answer you're free to go come
on Junior but I want some Hamas Junior
we are definitely never celebrating
Palin's day ever again I still don't see
what the big deal is it's just Palestine
day yeah dude we didn't do anything
wrong yeah the girls get Valentine's Day
we get Palestine day it's the way you're
saying it okay well listen I think the
girls are selfish making Valentine's Day
all about them and only them I think
every Valentine's Day we should assist
the elderly we could call it Isis day
yeah Isis day Isis the elderly day
don't say that freeze terrorist get on
the ground you're going to Guantanamo
Bay oh mother [ __ ]
[Music]