hey Danny you want to arm wrestle no
Jeffy I don't want to arm wrestle why
are you scared you're gonna lose no I'm
not scared come on Marvin it'll only
take a second yeah
yeah damn where your mouth is
that was a fart okay Jeffy let's hurry
up and arm wrestle
oh no I'm losing it's probably because
I'm missing a chromosome oh found it
it broke my hand Jimmy you won yeah I
won high five oh my God he broke my hand
baby call it doctor oh my God it's not
supposed to bed like that oh my God I'm
in so much pain don't worry Marvin I
called the doctor oh my head's broken it
hurts so bad
somebody call a doctor yeah my hand's
broken oh hold on I gotta get the
diagram let's see where's hand that's
foot there's hip neck up right here I
got it hand now see this hand is not
broken let me see your hand huh yeah I
don't think it's supposed to bend that
way it's not maybe the other way it's
broken yeah I agree I'd say your hand is
broken so how did you break your hand
come on spill the tea if I had legs I'd
be kicking them behind me right now well
I was arm wrestling Jeffy and I lost you
lost it arm wrestling [ __ ] imagine
losing an arm wrestling oh it could
never be me I've never lost an arm
wrestling I'm an arm wrestling god
nobody can beat me at arm wrestling so
then why don't you arm wrestle him uh I
uh I would but I I can't because um
you're playing a very dangerous game
here Brooklyn guy you've never won an
arm wrestling match in your entire life
you have hollow bones like a bird I
better come up with a lie quick I can't
because I actually recently broke my arm
uh arm wrestling so you lost yes but in
the most manly way possible let me tell
you what happened so I was at Disney
World with my daughter and I saw this
booth where you could arm wrestle
Wreck-It Ralph and I thought how hard
can that be it's probably just some guy
in a Wreck-It Ralph costume so I go to
arm wrestle him and it turns out it's
the actual Wreck-It Ralph like I didn't
know he was a real guy but he is and he
looks exactly like he does in the movie
I mean his arms are massive so I go to
arm wrestle him and he says I'm gonna
wreck it and he did he wrecked my arm he
broke it so that's why I can't arm
wrestle your son how long ago did that
happen like two weeks ago your arm
doesn't look broken well it healed quick
because I'm a doctor and not because I
was lying see I'm a doctor not a liar
they don't rhyme Dr Seuss really had a
gift what can you do for my hand
normally I'd put a cast on it but you
see there's a cast shortage and I only
have one so it's going to be very
overpriced and I don't take medical
insurance because I want money in my
pocket how much is gonna be five G's
five G's that's a lot of G's yes it is
don't worry dang I'll pay for it I got
my magnetic letter right here there's
gonna be a couple G's in there there's
one G there's two G's and there's 30 G
okay I'm gonna stop you right there this
is hilarious but I meant five thousand
dollars five thousand dollars money well
yeah I mean obviously did you really
think I was gonna let you pay me with
magnetic letters you said Gee geez well
yeah geez like a thousand you've never
heard anybody say that before no well it
means five thousand dollars give me
money oh look we don't have five
thousand dollars well Marvin we have
five thousand dollars under the mattress
oh no that's our life savings that's all
the money we have well how badly do you
need the cast what would happen if I
don't put a cast well I mean you could
do that but then you're just gonna look
like Nemo for the rest of your [ __ ]
life in case you don't get that in
Finding Nemo Nemo has like this little
fin that's all busted who are you
talking to we'll take the cast okay I'm
gonna go get the cast baby that's all
our money I know Marvin but you need to
get better oh we're broke now like my
hand all right there's your cast and hey
look it even matches your tie in your
pants how convenient yeah I actually
also had green but I didn't think it
would look as good you said there was
only one cast left well I am a liar and
I also didn't arm wrestle Wreck-It Ralph
because he's not real well give me my
money back nope oh man now we have no
money and we're broke I promise as soon
as I get this cast off I'm gonna get a
job well Marvin I could get a job you
get a job yeah sure okay really yeah
right buddy I'll believe it when I see
it when pigs fly okay sure all right
yeah uh-huh just keep your traps shut
you're the worst the news
[Music]
breaking news okay the police department
has a shortage of police officers and
they're trying to hire new ones fast so
if you think you can be a police officer
come on down oh
police officer you can't be a police
officer why not why not because the very
stressful job you have to arrest people
and shoot people
people yes you
will shoot them no way see look you're
not willing to shoot people that's why
you're not a police officer but Marvin I
could be a policeman no it's called a
police man it's a man's job well
hey he she it they them theirs that's
why I go by listen you can apply to be a
police officer but don't come crying to
me when they don't give you the job fine
wait no I won't ha so there
so I said cavity search I don't need to
look in your mouth I need to look in
your ass
that's funny hello I'm here to apply for
us no I'm here somebody tied you to the
railroad tracks no I'm here to apply for
a job well we do need a new receptionist
oh no no no not a receptionist I want to
be a policeman a female policeman but
it's called a policeman not a police
wall man yes but what about police
office her hmm that was pretty clever
what she just said you know what you're
higher yeah but sir she's a girl and
girls have cooties but we have our
cootie shots don't we boys and besides
it's a total sausage fest in this Police
Department it's getting kind of homo
yeah I guess I have been feeling a
little homo so I do have the job yeah
officer guy you get her her uniform and
you let her be your partner be my
partner but Simmons is my partner One
More Kiss for the road
break it up break it up see this is what
I'm talking about this homo [ __ ] come on
girl
okay there's your police costume
it look at all the buttons does it come
in pink no also you got my name wrong my
name is Rose not flower rose flower it's
all the same thing look here's your
Police Issue taser oh when do I get my
gun no you're not ready for the gun you
have to earn the gun okay now there's
two rules to be in a cup what to put
that down okay there's two rules to be
in a cop rule number one is if somebody
reaches for a weapon you tase them now
rule number two is have fun oh okay well
what about the Miranda Right screw
Miranda nobody listens to her she was
left-handed anyway now you ready to get
in the car yeah let's go for a ride in
the car okay go find the car
okay so this is the squad car Squad up
oh what is this what does this button do
it turns the lights on
yeah there's a button for that too so
what are we doing well right now we're
looking for bad guys what do they look
like well they usually look like people
who are driving really fast like that
guy see that's a speeder okay so we're
gonna go pull him over go get him
oh man the police behind me what the
hell they want
oh
okay he pulled over now let's go find
out why he was driving so goddamn fast
okay okay go around to the passenger
side and let me know if you see anything
suspicious okay
okay sir you were going pretty fast uh
yeah so I was just trying to get to my
destination well can I see a driver's
license oh yeah
got my driver's license is in my wallet
but see my wallet is under my gun oh
well do you have a concealed carry for
the gun yes sir yes sir I got a
concealed carry but it is in my wallet
which is under my gun ooh this is a
pickle it is a pickle indeed
I I know I know it's okay uh she knew
him yeah it's her first day oh Jesus God
today's the day how do we solve this um
can you touch the wallet without
touching the gun uh that is not how
gravity Works sir the gun is going to
follow my hand okay okay well how about
this how about you just grab your wallet
as fast as you can as fast as I can as
fast as you can real quick like just
like lightning fast okay I could do that
I'm gonna try look I'm grabbing my
wallet not the gun exactly I got it okay
one two three go
wallet oh
[Music]
and The Honorable
and today we will be hearing the case of
Rose who is being accused of tasing an
innocent black man for no reason Rose
why would you do this well he had a gun
and he was reaching for it that's not
true your honor my wallet was underneath
my gun and I grabbed my wallet she's
racist racist I thought he was grabbing
the gun shut up you racist all right
listen does anyone have the body cam
footage yes sir we have the body cam
footage please play it so I can see what
actually happened okay playing it now
I'm grabbing my wallet not my gun
exactly I got it one two three go
oh my this does not look good for you
Rose he clearly says he's reaching for
his wallet not the gun but he touches
the gun to get my wallet exactly Rose I
find you guilty of chasing an innocent
black man you are hereby no longer
allowed to be a police officer and the
police department owes the victim one
hundred thousand dollars of damage
finally justice has been sir thank you
Jesus
officer flower you embarrassed this
entire police department you know you're
supposed to turn your body cam off
before you do that kind of stuff what
I'm sorry sir I didn't go over all those
rules with her well officer flower turn
in your police uniform and get out of my
face
sorry how could you let this happen I'm
sorry sir it was a pretty sticky
situation the guy's gone was on top of
the wallet and honestly she didn't have
any training I just kind of threw her
out there why didn't you just go get the
wallet yourself huh well that's just too
far away
I would ask you how work was but I
already saw the news
yeah I saw you taste that guy
they showed the body cam footage on the
news you know what you did it just
happened just happened so fast I got
confused all right everyone I got a joke
so if you're easily offended go ahead
and click off the video
but I got a joke why does Batman only
wear half a mask why to let the police
know he's white
Oh Come on Mommy I thought you would
think it's funny since you're a racist
you guys seen Junior and Cody oh
okay please please oh come on can we get
a selfie come on say blue lives matter
oh man beautiful picture I'm gonna make
this my profile picture listen baby just
go lay down people are gonna forget in a
few days I just want it to be over all
right I got another one no Jeffy we need
a hand come join the police department
today all right mate what you doing oh
I'm just making these flyers because
we're trying to get more people to join
the police for us ever since we fired
off as a flower well why is the hen what
I I don't know that's a good point
Simmons I'm gonna [ __ ] can this I was
just trying to save paper because I got
a bunch of these left over from my
doctor job oh but why is the end what I
I don't know Simmons what did you need I
have a confession to make I hire the guy
that sped past you and I told him to put
his gun on his wallet Simmons why would
you do that because I wanted to still be
a part talking to me I wanted to get her
fired we are meant to be partners but
how did you know she was going to tease
him well it's easy it's rule number one
always taste somebody reaching for a
weapon but how'd you know she'd actually
do it because she's a rookie and it's a
rookie mistake I even made the same
mistake on my first day I taste an
innocent person oh yeah I remember I
mean who hasn't oh my God I have to go
tell her she's not as racist hey Marvin
I took myself shopping to make myself
feel better how many people threw stuff
at you a lot but look
what is that it's celebrating black
history 24 7 365. I mean I guess that's
gonna help hey I got some great news it
turns out you're not actually as racist
as everybody thinks I already knew that
what do you mean oh well my partner
Simmons got jealous that she was going
to be my new partner so he actually paid
that guy to speed so he'd pull him over
and he got him to put his gun on top of
his wallet so that she tase him okay
wait wait wait wait wait wait how would
he know that she would tase him well
that's rule number one to tase anybody
who's reaching for a weapon okay but how
would he know that she would walk up on
the passenger side of the door and how
would he know that she would tase him
for seeing the gun okay look look we
kind of wrote ourselves into a corner
here so just take what you get okay so
everyone's gonna be okay with her now uh
no okay look Robert Downey Jr written
blackface in the movie Tropic Thunder
and he got to be Iron Man and Pewdiepie
dropped a hard r on a live stream and
look at him he's doing okay what I'm
trying to say is people are always going
to kind of know what you did but
eventually they're not going to be as
mad like they're gonna kind of forget
about it I did not want to do this video
you know all right I got another one but
this one is bad no Jeffy
[Music]