Jeffy why you making that noise Daddy
it's November 26 and my yogurt Slinger
hasn't sneezed yet what I've gone the
entire month of November without firing
my milk Cannon it's about to overheat
what's that milk Cannon what are you
talking about I'm partying the 31st gner
Battalion and I'm edging what are you
talking
about it's dark and scary calm down the
power just went out look it's back on
morvin why did the power go out I don't
know maybe like it's a power surge or
maybe someone's pet hamster shwed on the
power lines Why would a hamster be on
the power lines I don't know I was just
taking a
[Music]
guess Jeffy come it's back on it's back
on why are you screaming because I'm
scaring the dark daddy Marvin why is
this happening I don't know maybe the
weather's bad maybe it's windy and it's
knocking the telephone wires down power
lines let's let's turn on the news and
see if the news knows
[Music]
breaking news the United States power
grid was attacked by Russian hackers and
now there's a nationwide power shortage
so in order to resupply the power grid
all US citizens with children will be
given these Monsters Ink canisters and
they will have to scare their children
to collect their screams because if
you've seen the movie Monsters Inc
children's screams can power a whole
city Russian hackers where are they
rushing to what what are they talking
about a scream can who's at the door
hello hey Marvin I'm here to give you
your government issued scream can just
have your kids scream into this but I
don't have a kid jeffy's 20 years old
Marvin we really need a Jeffy video
today five out of the last six videos
have been Junior videos and we're going
to be looking for jobs soon so but it
doesn't really matter how old he is
because it goes by mental age not
physical age and let's be honest Jeffy
is not mentally 20 years old okay so
what do I need to do so you just have
him scream into this but it has to be a
genuine scream okay like he's really
afraid for his life oh that's easy Jeffy
is really easy to scream but you know in
the Monsters Inc movie laughter actually
worked better than scream so if you can
make him laugh that's even better well
Jeffy doesn't really laugh oh yeah well
good thing you're looking at jokey MC
Joker Steen yep that's what they used to
call me in high school cuz of how funny
I was I would always make jokes that
were funny so you're funny yeah that's
what I was trying to get at Marvin well
you can make Jeffy laugh if you want to
okay I'll give it a shot you get it
Marvin cuz I'm a cop and we frequently
shoot people give it a shot see what I
did there well that was kind of a
stretch Marvin I'm not wearing yoga
pants you get it Marvin cuz like you
stretch in yoga and so you said it was a
stretch and so I said the thing about
yoga pants see that's next level comedy
Marvin you wouldn't get that kind of
thing okay try to make Jeffy laugh okay
I think I can take a crack addict cuz
cuz I arrest crack addicts cuz I'm a cop
like I said see this crack adct sounds
like crack addict and don't do crack
okay listen just come in and try to make
Jeffy laugh okay who's at the door
Marvin it was hey there everybody hey
hey I'm Brooklyn te guy but you can just
call me jokey MC jokester pants I
thought it was Steen yeah I got a Steen
in my pants a doooo Steen from digging
in my ass got a dirty ass hey how about
you sir you got a dirty ass you digging
in your ass you got dooo Steen sir yes
he does he's got doooo steens hey when I
say doooo you say steens doooo Ste yeah
that's right doooo Ste yes sir that is
right Hey sir what do you do for work um
I sit on the couch oh yeah well that's
what my ex-wife did too she would sit on
the couch all day every godamn day sat
on it so much the couch actually got a
big old crater in it shaped like her ass
just a big old ass print hey you know
when NASA launched the moon landing yeah
they accidentally landed on my couch cuz
I thought those craters were were Moon
craters but they were ass craters from
her ass how about that hey hey what's
your name oh uh Rose hey Rose I bet I
can guess your mother's favorite flower
okay is it a tulip no T see see what I
did there you didn't see that coming I
switched it up on you yeah hey hey you
in the helmet hey how'd you get here a
car cuz it looks like he got here on a
bicycle or roller blades or a scooter or
a skateboard or any other vehicle that
would require a
helmet is that right hey you folks want
to hear some jokes yeah yeah okay hey
hey how do you help someone who's been
in a peekaboo accident you take him to
the
ICU yeah that's right hey peekaboo hey
what's the difference between a garbanzo
bean and a chickpea I've never paid $300
to have a garbanzo bean on my
face I don't get it yeah well it's still
good to laugh right hey hey you there
baly why did the Birds attack the dog
why he was pure
bread cuz Birds they like bread they do
they do like Bird yeah I get that one
yeah you had to think about it hey hey
you helmet what do you call four
Mexicans in quicksand
quatrino I just came all right all yeah
hey I got I got to do one more and then
I got to go okay so uh what What's the
difference between the world's biggest
hippopotamus and my ex-wife absolutely
[ __ ] nothing yeah actually you know
what let me rephrase that what's the
difference between the world's biggest
hippopotamus hippopotamus and my ex-wife
I'd want to have sex with the
hippopotamus hey well that's my time
everybody I I got to get going you you
guys have been great thank you what was
that guy what was that boy you did so
great no I didn't care and I [ __ ]
sucked no buy you were hilarious I was
laughing the whole time really cuz I was
hearing crickets up there I was dying up
there hey kid you did good I don't know
Steve I don't think I'm cut out for this
kind of thing I was bombing that one
girl didn't even know why she was
laughing and that one guy came what was
that about did I help that's not what I
was going for Bo you just need more
practice Yeah kid it's your first gig
yeah maybe you guys are right hey did I
go on too long with all the doodo ass
stuff it felt like too long I mean I did
the chant and I think they liked that Bo
I loved your hummus joke what the [ __ ]
are you talking about Karen I didn't say
hummus one time no the chickpeas like in
hummus like oh who wants hummus all over
their face I mean unless you're eating
it it gets really messy and it gets
crusty in the corners of your mouth yeah
I'll right that down hey guys I'm back
sorry I was in the bathroom hey was
there a guy who looks kind of like me
here yeah that was my brother joky MC
jokester Steen pants Ste that was just
you in a suit no hey let's check the can
okay this can must be defective because
it should be overflowing with giggle
power face it Brooklyn guy you're never
going to feel that can shut up Roz and
don't forget to file your paperwork
correctly for once now I see why Mike
wizowski doesn't like you you [ __ ] so
we just have to make Jeffy scream then
yeah yeah we just got to make him scream
in this can well I can do that but
without the S stop it it's November
you're not supposed to be doing that
well I already failed okay so we have to
find ways to scare Jeffy right yeah
that's right that's kind of like the
video jeffy's hiccups shut the [ __ ] up
Marvin we're halfway through this [ __ ]
maybe you should have said that sooner
okay so do you know a way to make Jeffy
scream oh I know exactly how to get him
to
scream now
you you see Marvin I scream you scream
we all scream for ice cream that was
your big plan to make him scream okay
let's see your plan uh Jeffy the whole
world's going to stop making food and
the only thing you can eat is green
beans okay you hate green beans yeah
I'll just Good Morning America myself
wow Marvin that was your big plan okay
you know what uh Jeffy that's it you're
grounded for the rest of your life no
video games okay or anything
okay does anyone have anything else to
do oh oh Marvin I have an idea earlier
he screamed when the lights went out oh
he did hey broken guy can you turn the
lights off don't call me by my full name
legal name is crazy wait his name's
crazy uh Jeffy I really hope the power
doesn't go out it's out oh my God the
power's out okay Jeffy you screamed last
time the power's out yeah I can't really
think about that right now because I
just shot a bucket of glue out of my
gummy worm BR gu turn the lights back on
I told you not to call me that it's
weird do you prefer crazy well they can
be fun but when they start blowing up my
phone it gets to be a problem and then
they show up at my house when my wife is
there and I just can't be doing that
Marvin I'm confused use do you have
anything else you can do to make him
scared and scream H yeah I think I got
something okay Jeffy nothing makes kids
scream like roller coasters but we don't
have any roller coasters around here so
I bought Roller Coaster Tycoon for the
iPad so we're going to write a roller
coaster on the
iPad oh look at that oh oh he listen to
him listen to him screaming ah wo tell
me what noise you'd make if you were on
this roller coaster Jeffy h no that's
that's not what I would do I'd go ah cuz
it's scary oh we're upside down oo woo
woo isn't that crazy is that just
bananas scream Jeffy like scream ah go
my banana cream pied okay focus focus on
the roller coaster may maybe this I
don't think this is going to work okay
so let's not do that one um we need we
need a crazier roller coaster yeah this
this is going to be a good one yeah
let's let's let's do this one this is
going to this is going to scare the
pants off you this is this is what you
need okay oh here we go aren't you just
excited aren't you too excited to go o
that's a that's a big climb get ready to
scream oh look at the heights scary
Heights going be a big drop going to be
a big drop big scary
Heights chug chug chug chug chug chug
chug chug chug chug ready get ready to
scream it's going to be scary yeah you
ready to scream let's scream your head
off okay oh oh we're dipping we're
dipping wait what's that who it does
look like the track's finished oh no
we're going to [ __ ] die
hey oh you're going to the Moon yeah I
don't um oh what the like the chall we
we died isn't that scary Jeffy dear God
that's a big explosion what do you think
about that
Jeffy um Marvin I I don't think it
worked oh is there anything else that
you can do to make him scream yeah yeah
I got an idea okay Jeffy so you don't
want to scream huh well how about now
you want to [ __ ] scream now what if I
shot you in the [ __ ] face would that
make you scream huh okay okay what if I
pistol up your dad huh well no hey hey
you want to scream now how about that
I'm going to stick a crayon in my ass a
yellow one well does it have to be
yellow no it could be purple I don't
give a [ __ ] okay uh Marvin I don't think
we're going to make him scream I think
we just got a defective can oh no you
haven't made him scream or laugh oh well
there's the problem well you supposed to
be doing that oh yeah I know so there's
nothing you can do to stupid flying it
out
of daddy you your flying it's going to
eat my
face look Marvin it's full oh it's so
full oh it's just very very full it's so
incredibly full well Marvin looks like
you did your duty and speaking of Duty
hey hey anybody got any Duty stains here
any Duty ass stains from their stinky
Duty ass hey when I say Duty you say ass
Duty ass yeah Duty ass yes sir
[Music]