what's up dude oh hey Joseph you ready
for movie night yeah whose turn is it to
pick a movie tonight oh no it's Cody's a
dude I don't want Cody to pick a movie
he's going to pick another chick flick
yeah you know what we got to hide a
remote so he can't pick a movie yeah got
you hey guys you ready for movie night
yeah I think I was going to watch The
Notebook cuz we could all use a good cry
or maybe you broke Back Mountain again
oh well we think movie night's cancelled
cuz we can't seem to find the remote
what what are you talking about it's
right here oh Cody you're so good at f
finding things what are you talking
about guys it was literally right here
no seriously you're really good at
finding stuff well maybe you're just
really bad at hiding stuff oh you take
that back because if we played
hide-and-seek right now you'd never find
me okay you're on okay well then let's
play hide-and seek wait what what's that
Ken oh ken wants to play too so you're
going to have to hide him but he's a
doll dude he's not a doll Joseph he
wants to be included in our games okay
Cody fine we'll hide Ken so look just
count to 20 okay one come on Jose 2 3
all right Joseph hide somewhere really
hard cuz if Cody never finds us we never
have to watch stupid movie okay dude
okay where do I have
Ken yeah right there where do I hide
where do I hide oh in the washing
machine
perfect Cody will never find me in here
we'll never have to watch a stupid movie
again oh man where should I hide where
should I hide oh the
Bantry oh yeah Cody will never find me
in here 19 20 Ready or Not Here I Come
Junior Joseph come out come come out
wherever you
are nice try Ken but you forgot I have
2020 Vision with my glasses on Junior
Joseph I already found Ken and it'd be a
real shame if I found one of you in the
pantry oh come on Cody that's not fair
how'd you find me so fast another one
bats the dust oh you really are good at
hide-and seek I told you all right now
where is Joseph I don't know oh Joseph
come out to play
a Jun you smell that smells like some
nice hot Joseph cookies H Joseph you Sly
dog you know we are going to be watching
a movie so I should probably make some
popcorn extra Joseph huh okay Joseph
okay you know I am feeling a little
parched so I could really use a nice
warm glass of Joseph H I really thought
he'd be in there hey uh junior do you
have any coffee mugs I could really use
a nice hot cup of joe
SI okay Joseph you want to crank it up
to expert mode huh all right [ __ ] with
that but you're not going to be any
match for my hide and seek
Powers hide and seek roll
out oh God
Cody uh oh Junior my Joseph detector's
going off you know this couch looks kind
of lumpy yeah it's kind of it's not too
hard it's not too soft I think it might
be Joseph huh okay I guess my Joseph
detector needs to be calibrated
show where I meant to call you Cody Oh I
thought you knew where he was shut up me
me me me me me Cody I was trying to tell
you to shut up me me me me me me me beep
beep beep uhoh Junior my Joseph detector
is going off peekaboo well there's no
Joseph but there's a bunch of Legos and
[ __ ] down there that's cool why would
Jose of hide under the cushion you were
counting on I don't know Junior I've
searched the whole rest of the goddamn
house it's the only place left he could
be do you give up yeah all right Joseph
I give up you win you hear that Joseph
Cody gives up you want to hide and seek
you can come out now Joseph come out you
won come on smartass I get it that
you're good at hide and seek Joseph Cody
gives up come on Jo Joey Joey Jo Jo
Joey I'll let you know whenever he comes
out okay I'm just really embarrassed by
this whole thing I think I'm just going
to go home all right Joseph you're the
champion hide and seek you can come out
whenever you want but Cody's going
home okay we get it you you're a
champion stop playing around oh whatever
he'll come out eventually all right guys
I'm done you can find me I'm I'm done
playing help help help
help
please oh time to do laundry yeah [ __ ]
that I'll do that next month hey Junior
check out my Amazing Spider-Man action
figure he's got a bunch of hands you can
use waa yeah damn right wao look at that
he's got all kinds of webs and [ __ ]
that's so cool yeah where's Joseph I
want to show him I don't know I haven't
seen him in like 2 weeks well did he
ever come out after we got done playing
hide-and-seek I don't know I never saw
him I mean I went to sleep so he could
have but I have never seen him since oh
and you like haven't talked to him no I
have not talked to him since we played
hide-and-seek huh that's kind of weird
yeah I mean I guess it is but I assumed
he's still hiding cuz he wants to be the
hide-and-seek Champion but still I mean
nobody's looking for him and it's been 2
weeks he's just been hiding that whole
time maybe I mean I don't know H should
we like call the cops I mean we could
call the cops and just ask them if
that's weird yeah yeah just to get their
opinion yeah yeah I'll go call them yeah
just yeah yeah yeah can can I open the
Spider-Man toy yeah okay hey there
somebody called the cops oh Spider-Man
Spider-Man spider I don't know if that's
copyright so I'll shut the [ __ ] up
anyway why you guys call me is it give
your local police off off a cool
Spider-Man toy day no it never is is it
so what do you guys want well we need
your opinion well 911 is not usually
used for giving advice but go ahead I'll
give it a shot okay so 2 weeks ago we
were playing hide-and-seek with my
friend and we never found him and now
it's been 2 weeks and we still haven't
found him oh I see what's going on here
your stupid little friend thinks he's
the hide-and-seek champion huh well tell
him to move over because the real
hideand-seek Champion standing right in
front of you me you're the hide-and-seek
Champion damn right I am let me tell you
the story about how I became the
hideand-seek champion so when I I was a
kid I was the hideand-seek champion all
my friends would come over and we'd play
hideand-seek and no one could ever find
me they'd always yell we give up and I'd
pop out of my hiding spot the champion
but then this one kid showed up his name
was hideand-seek Zeke see Zeke he could
hide in places no other human being
could possibly fit in it's like he had
no bones he could just Slither into
hiding spots like a snake there was this
one time I was looking for Zeke for an
entire 24 hours and I finally gave up
and Zeke jumped out of a [ __ ] toaster
I know that sounds physically impossible
but it's true I don't know how the [ __ ]
he did it and when it was Zeke's turn to
seek he would find everyone in seconds
just gotcha gotcha gotcha Zeke was the
new hideand-seek Champion so this one
time Zeke was seeking and I ran out of
my house hopped on a train to Boston
stowed away on a steamboat to London
changed my name to London guy got
plastic surgery to change my entire face
and still Zeke found me I was so pissed
so I decided to hide cameras in my house
and we played hide-and-seek again and I
saw Zeke hide in a box of Froot Loops so
I lit my house on fire and I ran out so
yeah Zeke died in a fire and you know
the funny thing is the police sure as
hell found his burned remains he even
sucked at hide-and-seek when he was dead
so you killed a guy cuz he was better
than you at hideand-seek no he wasn't
better than me at hide-and-seek because
if he was the fire never would have
found him I guarantee you if I ever die
in a fire no one's ever finding my body
that's how good I am at hide-and-seek I
mean I guess that would make you really
good at hide-and-seek thank you so I'm
going to find your stupid [ __ ] ass
friend even if I have to burn this whole
house down officer cuddlesworth I'm
going to use my dog to find your friend
isn't that cheating but no cuz look I'm
better at hiding than seeking okay it
just they come together with the title
of the game shut up come on officer
cuddlesworth let's find that kid what
the laundry room why'd you bring me to
the laundry
room what's in there boy is there
something in
there a skeleton but it's not Halloween
anymore that must mean it's
a dead body jinkies I better take the
skeleton to the surrenders lab see if
they can identify it well well well look
what I I found oh I can do better than
that well well well look what the Cat
Dragged In well my dog found it so that
doesn't make any sense well well well
look what I found in the washing machine
you found a skeleton in the washing
machine yeah and according to the
forensics lab AKA Google judging by that
green hat this is your friend what which
friend Joseph the one that died wait
he's dead yeah he's a skeleton yes what
oh so he must have got locked in the
washing machine while trying to hide
during hide-and-seek and died or maybe
someone locked him in the washing
machine and then made up a story about
hideand-seek to cover for it you think
we killed Joseph yes I do think that so
you're under arrest but if we killed
Joseph why would we call the cops well
because you wanted his body to be found
so it looked like an accident but it was
an accident because he must have
accidentally locked himself in the
washing machine yeah yeah yeah tell it
to the judge come on come on come on
where to court where the judge is so you
can tell him what you said
okay I've been working on the railroad I
mean a order order I Am The Honorable
Jorge B and today we will be hearing the
case of Junior and Cody who are being
accused of murdering their friend Joseph
his friend from school and hiding his
body Junior and Cody how do you plead
not guilty you're honored this is
[ __ ] we were playing hideand-seek
and Joseph clearly got stuck where we
couldn't find him and then he died then
why didn't you call the cops your friend
was missing for weeks and you didn't say
anything well we just thought that
Joseph really wanted to win hideand-seek
that he wanted to be the greatest hide
andek Seeker ever uh that's not possible
I'm the greatest hide-and-seeker ever
okay but for weeks he didn't come out to
use the bathroom or eat you you see how
this doesn't make any sense I don't know
I guess I thought Joseph might have had
snacks in his hat snacks in his hat
Junior no your honor listen we didn't
kill Joseph it was just an accident
during hide and seek I think I have a
way to determine if this was an accident
or murder officer guy you claim to be
the world's best hide and seeker yes
claim it's a God damn fact your honor
junior and Cody I sentence you to play a
game of hide and seek with officer guy
if you can find him that proves you are
good at hide and seek and Joseph truly
did just get stuck and die in an
unfindable spot but if you can't find
him you will be sentenced to life in
prison sorry kids I don't give a [ __ ] if
you spend the rest of your life in
prison I'm the hideand-seek Champion
come on let's go all right you little
punks I hope you're ready to spend the
rest of your life in jail jail
nuh-uh what nuh-uh okay all right fine
yeah nuh-uh well we're we're going to
nuh we're going to win oh yeah you and
what other person me okay you and what
third person cuz you're going to need a
whole Army to find me a whole Army of
War's Waldo Champions better start
calling some flies to help you flies
yeah cuz they got like thousands of eyes
of looking a bunch of different
directions that's what you're going to
need to find me okay let's just do it
okay fine let's go over some rules first
so you're going to have to count to 10
like really slowly so it's like 20 and
you can't count at the same time because
if if if me and him count at the same
time we can't do that cuz we share a
voice I'm I'm picking you you get to
count but you count slow okay you got
that and no peeking and no using my dog
and no burning the house down cuz that's
my move got it okay okay go [ __ ] one
thank you two [ __ ] they're going to see
that
three four they're not going to find me
under here five it's like right in front
of them that's
this is not going to not going to the
the it's like Legos and [ __ ] down here n
this is the [ __ ] yes 10 ready or not
here I
come you said come might as well say
ready or not here I splooge ready you're
not here I
nut I found you oh [ __ ] come on that's
not fair no no no no it's it's first of
all it's freaking hot in here and my
nose is all stuffy and I feel like I
can't breathe I don't know what's going
on okay I'm so distracted there's just
so much happening and I I don't know the
layout of this house okay I didn't grow
up here I don't know this house I don't
know where the good hiding spots are I
know my house we we should do this at my
house yeah do it again at my house oh
[ __ ] I burned my house down okay well
that's not going to work okay look this
wouldn't if this was a regulation game
like a league hideand-seek game this
[ __ ] wouldn't work okay so you you can't
you don't win well I I found you fair
and square no no no I think we should do
it again double or nothing what double
or nothing double or life sentences yes
no listen if you go tell the judge you
better either tell him we found you or
going to go tell him that you killed
your friend Zeke when you were a kid and
burned your house down H touche okay but
you still didn't win hide-and-seek okay
it's not regulation so it doesn't count
well what about our friend Joseph he's
still dead oh yeah he sure is but hey
you got Spider-Man Spiderman copyright
nope not doing that
[Music]