Marvin are you ready to go
trick-or-treating I'm ready I'm ready oh
my gosh I love your SpongeBob costume
baby who are you supposed to be I'm
Sandy you don't look like a squirrel
you're an astronaut well she wears an
astronaut outfit no one's going to
understand who you are unless you're a
squirrel Marvin people are going to know
who I am especially when I talk like
this howdy y'all hey Daddy I'm ready to
go get some cookies well Jeffy you can't
be Cookie Monster you're supposed to be
Patrick I don't want to be Patrick it
makes me look like I have a big penish
on my head we're all supposed to be
SpongeBob characters what who's mommy
supposed to be I'm Sandy howdy y'all you
look like an astronaut I told you you
know what I'm not going
trick-or-treating me either well then
who's going to take me Marvin take Jeffy
trick-or-treating I don't want to go
because our costumes don't make sense
cookie monzer and SpongeBob never hang
out Daddy they hang out all the time
Cookie Monster and Spongebob smoked out
loud outside the Crusty Crab no they
don't yes they do okay let's hurry up
and go trick-or-treating and then we'll
come back good so guys are you ready to
go trick-or-treating yeah me and Ken I
oh wow you're Mr Incredible yeah you
know what's crazy these muscles aren't
even fake I'm just that swole and look
at Ken he's Mrs Incredible he's got that
gach what's gat you know like Gat damn
look how thick that ass is oh wait
where's Joseph oh he's the back part of
my cam costume dude why do I have to be
in the back because you have two
costumes you're the back part of the
camel and your Rosa Parks God this sucks
I don't want to be in the back oh oh no
I shouldn't had a toast for breakfast oh
dude it smells like a butt go I'm going
home but Joseph come back now I have no
back part of my camel costume I mean
damn Junior I'll get in your costume if
it means I get to have my face in your
ass all day wait really yeah there's
someone at the door wait so I am I in
the camel or not hello hey Junior oh hey
Penelope hey guys hey Timmy why'd you
throw Kim shut up hey Timmy I didn't
think you could go trick-or-treating oh
well my parents don't believe in
Halloween because they think it's like
worshiping the devil or something so I
totally snuck out and look at my costume
it's Pac-Man because I like to eat
balls
that's not what Pac-Man sounds like oh
that's exactly what he sounds like Oh
you mean Pac-Man no no not really wait
pelia what are you supposed to be I'm
Lilo and Stitch you can't be Lilo and
Stitch okay well I'm Lilo with Stitch
well Lilo has black hair not orange hair
it's just a costume Junior and Lilo
doesn't have glasses either shut up
Junior well neither does Mr Incredible
what Mr Incredible doesn't have glasses
either yeah he does when he's teaching
his kids like homework he puts the
glasses on not when he's Mr Incredible
look Cody I like your costume oh thank
you well in that case yeah Penelope your
costume sex well what are you supposed
to be junior I'm half a camel because
Joseph stopped being the back half e
I'll be your back half no Timmy I
already called dibs look guys no one's
going to be my back half let's just go
trick-or-treating okay I'll get the
grocery bags help help Mr Spider-Man
help what do you need ma'am oh
Spider-Man can you please take this bowl
out for the trick or tretis for me who W
what the hell do you think you're doing
these are my cookies and cream Hershey's
nobody gives away my cookies and cream
Bo it's for the kids well okay that's
fair but can we at least take take the
cookies and cream out no bo you don't
need to eat that candy you're
pre-diabetic yeah pre I'm not there yet
give me a chance Bo take the bowl of
candy out by the front door okay but why
do they have to be full-size candy bars
how much money do you think I make Bo
it's once a year you can share well I
don't need to share I already pay my
taxes I share enough Bo take the bowl
out now fine stupid trick-or treaters
stupid Halloween okay you know what I'm
taking the cookies and cream these are
mine Bo put them back [ __ ] okay fine
but I'm putting up a sign that says only
take one because these are full size and
Spider-Man doesn't get paid for saving
the city okay that
works okay now I'm going to sit right
here and watch to make sure everybody
only gets one piece of candy bnie at
that point just hand out the candy to
the kids hell no I'm not going to
personally hand out my cookies and cream
to all these kids like congratulations
here you go you unemployed child why did
kids get the candy they don't have jobs
they didn't earn it poy hush I'm just
going to sit here and watch okay guys
this house says please please take one
so make sure to only grab one I can only
eat one if I want to keep my hungy
figure wait Penelope isn't this your
house yeah can I get two since I'm your
boyfriend no Junior they're full-size
candy bars wait is that your dad
watching us in the window yeah okay guys
no one take the cookies and cream it's
his favorite or the Reeses or the
Reese's okay um Cody can you surprise me
put one in my bag surprise you with a
wing in your butt what nothing here's a
Twix all right thank you Penelope B did
I just hear you tell those kids not to
take Reeses no no I I said uh don't be
racist cuz I'm giving them candy and
advice a Bonnie you're such a good
Spiderman yeah Spider-Man hates racism
and people taking his candy all right
Jeffy this house says please take one so
pick your favorite please take one bowl
what no Jeffy don't take the whole Bowl
yes Jeffy take the whole bowl no no
Jeffy what if they have a camera or
something hey [ __ ] didn't you see the
sign it says take one wrong that WR hey
hey get back here you [ __ ] Karen
Karen what Bo that kid was only supposed
to take one and he took most of the bll
bo you did this last year you got all
crazy about your Reese's Pieces but look
Karen he only left me one Reese's and
one cookies and cream left B that's all
you need no it's not I'm going to find
him and I'm going to put him in jail Bo
you're getting cranky of course I'm
cranky somebody stole my candy and
you're also dressed like a mermaid like
last year be more creative Karen wow are
you guys done trick-or-treating already
no we saw that Hash Slinging Slasher no
we went to one house and the sign said
take one piece of candy and Jeffy took
the whole Bowl Jeffy you can't do that
well I did so sucked my ass Marvin how
could you let him do that I told him no
and he did it anyway daddy when are you
going to learn I'm going to do what I
want cuz I don't give a
[ __ ] that must be trick-or-treaters
morvin take some of jiffy's candy and
give it away that's a good idea if you
touch my candy I will kill you in your
sleep Jeffy we have to give away some of
this candy you're not going to eat all
of it fine I guess you can give away
this one
piece a Hershey's kiss that just fell on
the floor yep hello sponge boy mebob
it's me Mr Krabs and I like money so I
sure hope you're handing out house
payments for Halloween this year uh no
Mr Krabs I thought my pineapple was paid
off you're about to be living in a
[ __ ] Pineapple if you don't give me
your goddamn house payment oh listen
I'll work more shifts at the Crusty Crab
yeah that or else I'm going to dump an
entire chum bucket on your wife without
the AEG
look I I have a Hershey Kiss for you
there you go Mr Krabs kiss the back of
my ball sack Marvin and it's dirty it's
like a mud flap for my [ __ ] okay all
right so you better have your house
payment by tomorrow or else I'm going to
come back at Squig work okay this is the
worst Halloween
ever who's that hello give me my Goddamn
candy all right listen little boy you
can ask for candy nicely give me my
[ __ ] candy you goon where is your
parents young man I don't have parents
you're an angry orphan you stole my
candy no my son stole candy from a guy
with an orange mustache oh really did he
look like me yeah get out of my way I
need to see a son my candy no it's my
candy you stole it from me but he's the
Cookie Monster and this is cookies and
cream cookies make me cream yeah me too
but you stole mine so now I can't cream
look Jeffy just give him his candy back
oh no I don't just want the candy back I
want revenge so you're under arrest for
theft wait can you do that of course I
can do that I'm a cop and I'm also
Spider-Man I can super do that come on
let's go to the courthouse it's just
candy uh sir we don't know what you just
said and I'm not even sure what your
costume is supposed to be what is it
like an alien you you didn't read the
subtitles I'm from Mars Attacks the the
movie from the 9s you know Tim Burton
no okay [ __ ] it fine it's hot in there
anyway anyway today we'll be hearing the
case of Brooklyn tea Guy versus Jeffy
Jeffy you are being accused of stealing
candy on Halloween Mr guy please explain
well your honor I had a big old bowl of
candy outside my house and I had this
sign that said please take one one and
that little [ __ ] took the whole damn
Bowl including my cookies and cream
Hershey so I want him to go to jail for
the rest of his
life oh man do I just not [ __ ] care
it's Halloween people are supposed to
take candy if you wanted them to only
take one piece of candy you should have
handed them one piece of candy instead
of just leaving a bow out like a lazy
[ __ ] oh God I'm so pissed how do you not
know what movie this is from Jesus I
spent $50 on this mask okay you know
what I'm pissed so how about this how
about for the rest of the night all
crime is legal including murder until
midnight literally anything goes do
whatever you want I don't care you know
what I'm actually going to go out and
kill people too I'm going to kill
anybody who doesn't know what this is
from so I'll give you a 5 minute Head
Start what all crime is legal including
murder oh I'm going to kill him for
taking my cookies and cream
Hershey's breaking news m a judge has
just ordered that there are no laws
until midnight all crime including
murder is legal Marvin all crimes are
legal even murder there are some people
I wish I could murder well you better
change your costume to protect your
anonymity that's where Finding Nemo live
what yeah he and his dad lived in the
anonyms and it shot them douge what are
you doing here well I came to ask for
some money but then I heard that all
crime is legal so now is I'm just going
to steal it weren't you going to steal
it anyway yeah go out go just go all
right Jeffy get in here sorry Daddy my
cookie cutter was clogged I was
constipated listen Jeffy all crime is
legal until midnight oh in that case I
pooped in the sink am I still in trouble
yes Jeffy you're grounded but I thought
all crime was legal that's not a crime
it's just bad so listen we're going to
stay inside the house so none of us die
can you please go lock all the doors
okay all right I hired all of you to
break into this house and kill a kid
that looks like Cookie Monster cuz he
stole my candy okay so you're going to
go in there you're going to kill him and
you're going to get the candy but you're
not going to eat the candy got it all
right now we're going to go over code
names you your name is
Birdman yeah exactly and your name's
going to be uh my name is Kyle okay well
Kyle's not a scary name Kyle well my my
middle name is Brad oh Brad's not scary
either no your name's going to be uh gas
mask or gassy I like gassy and your name
is going to be uh pumpkin head that's
[ __ ] gay okay well fine I like the
the Great Pumpkin or uh the Jack yeah
for Jack a lantern that works okay all
right you guys ready to do this come on
all right is everybody
ready okay on the count of three we bust
in and kill him 1 2 3 oh oh [ __ ] the the
door is locked the door is locked
everybody buddy sorry I I didn't think
this through does anybody know how we
can get in there Kyle's got a hammer I'm
not Kyle I'm gassie take a t no pumpkin
head his name is gassy my name is a
[ __ ] pumpkin head it's
Jack okay okay okay I think I think I
think Birdman's right everybody needs to
shut the [ __ ] up now how the hell are we
going to get into this building I got a
hammer that's what I said okay thank you
use the hammer on the door can
do oh no my
Hammer it's
broken it's okay gassie it's not okay
well do you have any other weapons no
okay well then you can go
home uh okay it looks like it's just us
let's go kill Cookie Monster Marvin it
sounds like someone broke in the house
no one can break in the house the door's
locked unless they used a big Goofy
Hammer Marvin it sounds like someone
broke in the house okay then let's go
hide in the playroom closet no Danny
don't be expecting that you two stay
here I got a plan okay you two go
upstairs check the playroom closet they
always run in there when they're scared
Birdman you don't have to keep cocking
that I mean I agree it does sound cool
yeah just go
ahead yeah yeah that door right there
okay now shoot it
open oh oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] no no no no
that's bad that's bad oh my God I'm so
sorry I thought he knew what he was
doing why would you stand behind him
with a machete like that you know that
shotgun has crazy recoil oh my God oh my
God what do we do okay okay look you
can't blame yourself for this okay that
was a crazy accident Hey Hey look it's
the purge so you won't even get in
trouble okay you're right okay uh let's
go get him yes sir okay they should be
hiding in there now open the door gotcha
wa wait there's so much [ __ ] in there
they couldn't possibly be hiding in
there where are
[Music]
they
get you bastard you killed my last
goon Marvin it's sounds like Jeffy
killed them a Daddy help me I'm going to
get you yeah yeah yeah I'm
scary who are you oh you can't tell cuz
of the Mask hold up it's me yeah I was
yeah I was going to K if you keep
screaming I'm going to kill you too okay
see I was mad cuz he stole my candy so
get out of my way so I could you know
kill him wait it's after midnight what's
it it's 12:03 oh rats kid you are so
lucky if it was before midnight I'd be
cutting you into little bits right now
all right looks like you win this time
oh wow we're safe here Jeffy take that
wait a minute it's not July 29th I
Googled a picture of midnight on iPhone
home screen oh yeah I can tell cuz that
screenshots old as hell iPhones don't
even have that anymore what time is it
really it's 11:59 11:59 I only have 1
minute to kill you I mean I could do it
but I'd have to rush it and it wouldn't
even be fun and I'd have to fight you
for the axe and that would take forever
and I'd probably cut my fingers just not
even worth it I hope this doesn't make
things awkward with us from now on
actually you know what uh it's not
really me Brooklyn guy it's um G gets
mad over stolen candy guy yeah it's I'm
a different person so next time you see
me it'll be Brooklyn guy not not me yeah
I'm different I I haven't used that liw
in a while okay yeah
[Music]
yeah
[Music]