[Music]
what is taking Junior so long I don't
know but it's taking forever though guys
we can't play house today but why come
on dude I've been looking for my fake
mustache everywhere and I can't find it
Well you don't need it we're already in
costume it's just a mustache dude but
I'm the dad the dad needs a mustache
well we can just say you
shaved okay fine let's play house okay
thank
you Sally Junior dinner's ready o mom
you ordered pizza yummy mhm wait what
the hell is this oh what now why'd you
order pizza you know we can't afford
that I don't have a job right now well
that's not my fault I didn't feel like
cooking oh big surprise you didn't feel
like cooking I don't feel like cooking I
don't feel like doing my makeup I don't
feel like trying to lose weight I don't
feel like not trying to bang every guy I
see oh I didn't feel like filling out a
job application I didn't feel like
getting my fat ass off a couch oh I
didn't feel like go to an a meeting or
stop drinking and driving well at least
you're correct about you not getting
your fat ass off the couch I was was
talking about you guys guys aren't you
divorced why are you still
arguing we decided not to get divorced
because your mom's new boyfriend got
tired of her old stinky snatch and she
said that she wanted me to hit it again
oh no you got it wrong yeah your dad
still has a rectile dysfunction and I'm
his last H so yeah you think that I can
get it up looking at that ugly thing
yeah right how dare you we decided to go
to marriage counseling to try to work
things out at least until you graduate
high school yeah oh well I hope the
marriage counseling works out for you
guys could you pass me the parmesian
cheese what the parmesian cheese what
the hell you say are you trying to say
parmesan cheese yeah that what you're
telling me I pay $10,000 a year for you
to go to some shitty ass private school
and you can't even say parmesan right
well you didn't want me to go to public
school because you said you didn't want
me to end up a [ __ ] like Mom oh yeah
that is correct you know why would you
say that Junior cuz you went to public
school and you banged every single guy
on the football team but guess what I'm
paying for private school for no reason
because you don't the Apple doesn't fall
far from from the tree so you're going
to end up like a [ __ ] just like your
mom you're just mad cuz I was popular in
high school I wasn't aore no popular
isn't banging every guy every guy would
bang a girl here here's your parmesian
cheese or whatever let's go to our
marriage
counseling hey there welcome to marage
counseling my name is Dr Patrick but you
can call me Pat okay Pat oh hell no the
moment she starts calling you by a
nickname she's going to start trying to
sleep with you shut up Junior you're
just mad look see this is why we're here
doctor I mean Pat okay just pull his
pants down and beg for it at this point
you're always jealous Junior I'm not
jealous you're trying to S do want
you're ug he doesn't want me though we
should just calm down and see what's
going on here junior why are you so
angry well I'm a hardw worker
loyal great
fall is there something you want to say
oh oh me I'm sorry no no no no no let
him continue lying oh I'm not lying let
me tell you about her she's a
stay-at-home what good Mom no she's a
stay-at-home devoted wife no what's the
word I'm thinking of she's a
stay-at-home [ __ ] no I'm not a [ __ ] how
dare yes you are you know Golden Corral
the buffet guys line up for her vagina
just like that watch your mouth how dare
you Junior okay I think we need to do an
exercise to see what you got going on in
your head so we're going to do this ink
blot test you look at this inklot and
tell me what it looks like to you oh
that's my wife cheating on me with
another man like the 10th one this week
no that's you getting drunk in the baby
shower remember oh no that is the baby
shower I see the balloons but if I look
really hard in the back that's you
banging the DJ while our daughter's in
your stomach I never banged a DJ yes you
did you banged the DJ cuz he played
Maroon 5 and you like that B I don't
even like Maroon 5 yes you do I like ins
sync you like Adam the a minute I think
I think we should try this other picture
oh oh how did you get that photo it's
like the camera was in the bedroom that
that's my wife getting gang bang by
three guys no I never been gang banged
by three guys okay two guys in a [ __ ]
the [ __ ] right there on top watch your
mouth no that's you definitely beat me
after drinking too much Bud Light oh you
know I did beat you after I pulled the
[ __ ] off top of you that's right there
no no wait wait wait wait is didn't you
get pulled over is that is that the
officer in the baby in the back seat
yeah that is oh that's you yeah that is
me getting the DIY but that's me
drinking cuz I don't want to see your
ugly face watch your [ __ ] mouth I
think we should try one last pit oh my
God that's what my wife likes to suck on
that's what she likes to ride on that's
what you like to get from every single
guy you meet that's the size that you
wish you had okay that's it you know I'm
insecure about the size of my bit that's
not my problem okay everybody calm down
I think we should do a breathing
exercise so next time you guys get angry
I want you to try to breathe like this
is wait wait wait keep that sound going
keep that sound going where do I hear
that sound at I've heard that sound
before Oh that's the sound I hear when I
come home from work coming from the
bedroom her getting railed by another
guy what oh it's least guys know what to
do you don't know how to do it right oh
yeah okay the Walmart manager okay sure
yeah he said he works in the fish
department they don't even have a fish
department yeah okay okay we're out of
time but I think we made a lot of
progress today and I'll see you guys
next week no I'm ubering I'm over this
[ __ ]
Sally Junior breakfast is ready M yummy
oh wow I never thought I'd see a
home-cooked meal ever again Junior I
mean it looks delicious honey Sally no
soda for breakfast but it's just my
Mountain Cola no you keep drinking soda
you get fat like your mother oh junior
did you brush your teeth this morning I
hear a lot of [ __ ] coming out of your
mouth so how did marriage counseling go
oh I really liked it oh did you like the
counseling or did you just like the
doctor cuz you want to sleep with him
here we go I was just in awe cuz I never
met a man so successful in my life I
wish you were actually successful well
you know you know he actually doesn't
want you right he's a doctor he wants a
real woman like a supermodel not some
ugly girl with braces in her teeth I'm
not ugly you know I'm Miss care about my
damn braces I went to a bad dentist oh
no your teeth have been fine for years
you're just sleeping with that dentist
that's why you keep going back and I'm
going keep sleeping with them cuz
they're successful unlike you okay oh
wow the power went out why it's not
storming outside you didn't pay the bill
did you I don't have a job I can't
afford to pay the bill well go and get a
damn job you lazy bom okay I'm going to
go back for my job back yeah
please damn the Market's down 5% but not
meta they crushed their earnings so
they're up 13% in after hours excuse me
sir Junior what the hell are you doing
here I fired you and told you never to
come back I know I'm very sorry I know I
messed up big but I need my job back I
even quit drinking you quit drinking
when was the last time you had a drink
last night last night it's been about 12
hours but I'm completely sober and I
don't even think about beer 12 hours
junior I'm going to need to see some
more Improvement Before I Let You in
business meetings and trust you with
people's financials I completely
understand I'm willing to start at the
very bottom even sweet floors well
that's exactly where you're going to
start cuz I'm going to start you off at
intern janitor what's the starting pay
nothing you're the intern you're
literally learning how to be a janitor
okay but my lights got shut off so I
need to get paid I don't give a [ __ ] yes
sir when can I be CFO again well I
wouldn't hold your breath actually I I
think you should because I take some
stinky shits in the handicap stall but
you're not handicap I know [ __ ] them we
don't hire handicaps here we don't have
ramps or elevators to the building we
don't know how they get in oh okay well
then why even have handicap stalled
because they're big and comfy and they
have a lot of room in there and also
they have a sink so I can play in the
water and also since they're so big I
like to stand as far away from the
toilet as possible and try to piss and
it never makes it in the bowl it's
always on the floor for you to clean up
okay when do I start right now but I
have a business meeting to go to so
don't you [ __ ] me and also your name's
not Junior anymore it's Pepe why Pepe
cuz it's funny and I run a clean ship so
go ahead and get started I I sir oh also
one more thing Roberto took a big [ __ ]
in the Ural so go clean that happily
[Music]
sir I took off my glasses so you know
it's serious anybody want to explain to
me why PJ's PJ sales are tanking so hard
I guess people aren't wearing pajamas
anymore what about you Roberto what do
you got up in that taco Noggin of yours
see no one want to wear their pajamas I
can Cur well we got to figure out a way
to break the news to PJ he's one of our
biggest clients so we can't lose him so
start brainstorming hey guys oh [ __ ]
he's early hey PJ oh what's up PJ man I
like them pajamas you wearing you really
rocking them see mucho pajama thanks
guys how are PJ's PJ sales doing you'll
have to explain it to me cuz I can't
read graphs well Mr PJ we were doing all
right on Sunday and then come Monday
it's like we took mirax cuz the [ __ ]
kept coming and by Friday we were at new
alltime lows what the [ __ ] guys I
trusted you with my brand if this keeps
up I'm going to have to find another
firm oh no need to do that Mr PJ we'll
figure out a way to get your sales up
well you better figure it out because I
am one mistake away from pulling out Mr
Richard I got the turd out of the Ural
for you God damn it Pepe why would you
bring a [ __ ] to a business meeting is
that a [ __ ] dude you don't put [ __ ] on
the table well P Pepe was just doing
what Pepe was told to do and pepe got
the turn out the Ural so did Pepe do
good no Pepe do bad Pepe do real bad
Roberto is that your [ __ ] from the Ural
see you told me to take a [ __ ] inal so
Pepe had to clean it up God damn it Pepe
you weren't supposed to bring it to the
business meeting look guys if all you
can bring to the table is [ __ ] I'm out
oh no Mr PJ [ __ ] Pepe you just made us
lose our biggest partner you're [ __ ]
fire Pepe need this job Pepe need money
well Pepe is screwed and pepe needs to
return to Lassa because Pepe's fired as
[ __ ]
God damn it
[Music]
Pepe oh guess who's late for
dinner and you're drunk again did you
get your job back yes so where's the
money we need to turn the lights on I
got fired again you got fired again you
must have been drunk on the job no Pepe
did a good job but Pepe still got fired
who the hell is Pepe listen I'll get
another job tomorrow tomorrow what's for
dinner is crackers and pasta O's she
didn't have a can opener so she couldn't
open it and the power's not on so I
can't even heat them up all I have to
eat is a hot dog bun of potato chips and
all I can drink is ketchup and mustard
are you complaining Sally no mother
listen guys I'll get a job tomorrow and
the power will be back on just let me
enjoy my beer no you won't you're just
going to get drunk and get fired again
I'm going to have to go and get a job
forget it oh yeah where you going to get
a job at you going to be a shoe salesman
at a centipede
arm I can't believe I got to sell my
body on the street just to pay the
bills hey I'm looking for a lady tonight
are you a hooker ooh nice car yeah I'm
rich what that mouth do oh anything you
want for a nice price okay well I got a
bucket of ranch and a bucket of honey
mustard I'm going to dip my balls in it
you down for that oh yeah let's go all
right hop
in wait how was the power on cuz I did
what you couldn't do I handle
business now I need to go and brush my
teeth and wash my hair I'm a dirty
filthy
girl all right everybody breakfast is
ready come and enjoy your food wa what
kind of job did Dad get to be able to
afford this whole schoras Board of food
Oh Daddy didn't do this this all mommy
[ __ ] wait we can't afford all this food
yeah you can't afford [ __ ] you don't do
anything thing this is all Mommy's doing
this Mama's House Big Mama's House okay
yeah just enjoy your food and be
grateful [ __ ] wait what kind of what
kind of job did you even get oh don't
worry about it I climbed the corporate
ladder the big corporate ladder hey
Josephine I have a very stressful
meeting today and I need a release oh
sure I'll come with you wait wait wait
you hired my wife wait a minute you're
married to Pepe it's complicated wait
you hired my wife instead of me yeah
she's my secretary and come on Josephine
I have a bucket of sweet and sour sauce
this time oo you switching it up okay
wait Sally call me crazy but is mom is
your mom cheating on me with my ex- boss
oh yeah definitely I can't believe this
are you kidding me I worked so hard I
did everything I used to be the bread
winner I'm the one who supported this
family dad you're scaring me I'm going
to take it out on you because you remind
me of your
mother you think I like it when I hit
you
maybe what's all that noise in here oh
well we're playing house and Joseph is
sleeping with my ex- boss so I was
beating my daughter because of it you
need to calm down and tell your friends
the gold they need to leave now okay
sorry Cody if I was hitting you too hard
no that's okay I kind of liked it next
time you should give me a
[Music]
spanking