so guys are you ready to eat food oh
yeah dude who does that who says so guys
are you ready to eat food before they
eat food people just eat food when
they're ready to eat food you actually
told us we couldn't eat until you set up
all the food and said so guys are you
ready to eat food I don't know Cody I
just want to narrate it in case
someone's watching us who could possibly
be watching us eat come on come on go
ahead and eat I don't think anyone's
watching us eat Cody I just like to talk
before I do stuff shut up Junior do you
really need a quadruple cheeseburger
with bacon do you really need to wear
glasses well yes actually a doctor told
me I have to wear these well a doctor
told me I need to eat this quadruple
cheeseburger I highly doubt that
actually I bet a doctor would tell you
not to eat that well do you really need
six corn dogs okay listen how many holes
does the male human body have not six oh
yeah count with me two ear holes two
nose holes a mouth and ew oh yeah
exactly only one of these is for eating
okay let's just hurry up and eat guys so
we can do other stuff
okay potato touch oh I'm so full me too
dude too many Tater toss and Mazy sticks
I ate the entire quadruple cheeseburger
my ass oh you guys want to go swimming
dude what the hell's wrong with you
Junior it's dark outside my pool is lit
up Cody dude it's October well we never
went swimming one time during the summer
time so I want to swim before it gets
too cold outside so come on guys okay
Junior's being pretty gay huh he just
wants me to take my shirt off so he can
see my abs yeah that sounds like Junior
cow Bunger woohoo dude I'm having so
much fun yeah I love swinging in the
pool come on Cody get in no I should
probably wait 30 minutes so I don't get
a tummy cramp [ __ ] yeah Cody that's
just a myth you don't have to wait 30
minutes after eating to swim but guys my
tummy I don't want it to cramp you're
such a crybaby Cody dude get in the
water's
fine Joseph you okay well Junior I think
Joseph's drowning Joseph's not drowning
I think he is what Joseph Joseph J I I
don't see him I don't see his body
anywhere well it is night time and he is
is black junior he has to be around here
somewhere look for him okay look Joseph
Joseph Joseph are you in here buddy
Joseph I I literally don't see him let
me get out of the pool and let's go get
Chef peipe to help okay good
idea Jor what are you doing just get out
I I can't get out of the pool what do
you mean you can't get out just pull
yourself up I physically cannot get out
of the pool Junior it's not the [ __ ]
Sims you don't need a ladder just pull
yourself out of the pool look I'll
try I just can't get myself up well
maybe you shouldn't have had a quadruple
cheeseburger with well it's not the
cheeseburger fault I just can't I just
can't get out maybe you're having a
tummy cramp because you ate so much no
that's not it Cody grab my arm okay fine
grab my arm oh Jesus Junior you're heavy
as [ __ ] maybe you shouldn't have had
that quadruple cheeseburger with bacon
it's not a cheeseburger the pool won't
let me the pool won't let me go call the
cops the cops what are they going to do
arrest your pool call the cops the pool
will not let me leave like something's
pulling me in the pool it won't it won't
let me get out okay whatever I'll call
the cops call the cops let go me Let Go
me pull
Cody [ __ ] hey there somebody call the
cops yes officer there's a monster in
the pool and he won't let me leave a
monster in the pool I don't see any
monsters no he's in the pool he won't
let me leave see look I I can't get out
of the pool you know this reminds me of
a time I refuse to get out of a pool you
refused to get out of a pool yeah let me
tell you about it so when I was in high
school I was on the swim team the girl
swim team see I wasn't fast enough to be
on the boys team so I went up against
the girls and I would still come in
fourth place but I swam slow for other
reasons anyway one day I was in a race
and I actually wanted to win this one I
swam so fast my swim trunks came off and
I couldn't find them then all the girls
got out of the pool and the coach said
Guy come on out and I said no and he
said guy get your ass out of the pool
it's time for the boys to swim but I
didn't want to get out I didn't want the
girl swim team to see my small shriveled
up package so I was trying to think of a
way to distract everybody and that's
when I saw puls the fire alarm Paul he
was a kid that would pull the fire alarm
if you dared him to so I said hey Paul
can you pull the fire alarm and he said
yep so Paul pulled the fire alarm and
everyone started running outside so I
said now's my chance but then two
firefighters came and they pulled me out
of the pool and took me outside with
everyone else and the whole school saw
my little shriveled up shrimp it was the
most embarrassing day of my life and
after that none of the girls in school
wanted to date me because they didn't
want to be known for dating the guy with
the tiny little shriveled up wiener
everybody thought I had the tiniest
wiener in school but that was until the
tiny wiener Timmy transferred to our
school but that's a different story we
can't animate we could barely even
animate this one oh that's a really sad
story but I really can not get out of
this pool well listen kid if you lost
your swim trunks I can go get you a
towel so nobody has to see your tiny
wiener no I have my swimming trunks on
look oh wow it's got to be really tiny
if you still don't want to get out even
though you're wearing swim trunks no
listen the pool will not let me out and
look my friend Joseph he's missing oh
what's he look like he's black oh well
you know he was trying to swim and i'
I've heard things about you know people
trying to swim when they're black I
don't know it's a it's a thing people
say I don't know well listen I I have
not seen him since he's gotten the the
pool oh well you know it is dark outside
so maybe we just can't see him right now
that's what I thought but listen can you
just help me get out of the pool okay
I'll just pull you out wow that was
really easy how did you do that I just
used my hands and my strength no no I I
kept trying to get out and I I couldn't
get out you just saved me yeah okay well
I suggest you stay away from this pool
cuz you clearly don't know how it works
well no no there's a monster with a face
and it was trying to he was trying to
eat me I think it wouldn't let me get
out okay yeah well I guess I'm a hero
then maybe they'll give me a medal for
this I'm not getting this pull ever
again
1156 17 Cody Cody Cody oh sorry Junior
you just caught me working off those
corn dogs listen there's a monster in my
pool no there's not Junior you [ __ ]
idiot no seriously there's a monster in
the pool it grabbed my leg it wouldn't
let me go then how'd you get out the cop
got him to let me go so the monster
listens to Cops I don't know but there's
a monster in my pool what do we do well
I guess if there's a monster in your
pool you should just not go in the pool
huh I mean if I don't go in the pool you
can't get me yeah exactly huh yeah
problem solved see this is probably
where the movie should have stopped once
they knew it was haunted I just I just
don't go in the pool yeah it's that easy
but I really like my pool I mean I never
can go in it ever again well apparently
you didn't really use your pool very
often anyway I mean you literally just
said that you haven't used it all summer
and apparently that monster has been
living there for a while and you didn't
even notice so I guess he could live
there I guess you're right ji help me
Cody you hear that no it's Joseph he's
still alive Joseph I'm coming to save
you Junior you okay I don't hear
anything Junior
help
josephi
help Joseph I'm right here where are you
Jose I don't see you I'm in
the okay I'm going I'm going to come in
the pool and I'm going to save you I
know there's a monster in there but I'm
going to grab you I'm going to pull you
out okay
okay okay I'm coming
Joseph I'm coming J where are you under
the water okay I'm coming
help help get get
away
[Applause]
Cody what God damn okay so I heard
Joseph's voice and I thought he wanted
me to save him so I ran outside and I
jumped in the pool to try to save Joseph
and I went under the water and I saw
Joseph but it wasn't Joseph it was the
monster you think Jo to try to kill me
right so just don't go in the pool what
don't go in the pool he can only kill
you if you go in the pool so don't go in
the pool oh yeah it's that easy so if I
go in the pool I die yes let me tell you
this junior if you never go in that pool
ever again this is not even a problem
it's not scary oh yeah yeah I can only
die if I go in the pool exactly don't go
in the pool Joseph no that's the monster
trying to lure you into the pool so he
can kill you oh not Joseph he's already
dead cuz he went in the pool so don't go
in the pool
Joseph's voice is so annoying yeah well
you know what's even more annoying
getting killed in your pool and you know
what else is annoying all this trash
help me clean it up okay I'll hope you
clean it up Jesus what if we have
company they're going to think you're a
barbarian yeah hey Junior guess which
one of these corn dog sticks was in my
ass which one the one that smells like
[ __ ] which one is that sniff around and
find out that has resid one no no no no
no that one okay good now that we
cleaned up all that trash and all those
dooo covered corn dog sticks why is my
ass so dirty
anyway now that we're done with that we
can go back to not going in the pool
which is very easy well what if one day
I want to throw a pool party well don't
do it in a different pool there are a
lot of other pools out there just use
those well my dad spent a lot of money
on that pool so like I me maybe we
should use it see this is why people in
horror movies die because they don't
avoid the thing they know kills them
like in the ring where there's that tape
that kills you if you watch it just
don't watch the [ __ ] tape that's all
you have to do just go about your life
not watching the tape it's not that hard
hey Junior tell me there's a tape out
there that'll kill me if I watch it hey
Cody there's a tape out there that'll
kill you if you watch it not watching
that [ __ ] I don't want to watch that I
don't want to die so I'm not going to
watch it see see how easy that was try
to hand me the tape pretend you're
handing me the tape that kills you hey
Cody here's a tape that if you watch it
it kills you I'm not touching that I
don't want anything to do with that I
don't want that see see how easy that
was see see how easy it's like it's like
when you're on Facebook and there's like
those covered videos it's like oh it
might be bad like don't click on it I
know whatever I'm going to see is going
to be bad and it's going to be [ __ ] up
and it's going to make me sad so I'm not
going to click on it it's very easy like
like Junior tell me I'm going to die if
I look at you you're going to die if you
look at me sorry Junior not going to
look at you anymore see how easy that
was well you would die right now cuz you
looked at me okay well that was an
example do you want me to continue not
looking at you no no no no listen can
you just Google like why my pool would
be haunted me Google why can't you
Google it yourself I'm scared everything
scared me I saw a face underwater that
tried to kill me oh Jesus okay fine why
is my pool haunted well it says it might
be haunted if somebody died in your pool
you think someone drowned in a long time
ago and now the ghost is trying to make
other people drown I don't know that
sounds fine yeah sure okay so how would
you kill the monster in my pool I don't
know and I don't [ __ ] care no
seriously Cody if there was a monster in
your pool how would you kill it okay I I
guess I would electrocute it I would
toss a toaster in there if I toss a
toaster it'll kill the monster yes but
you would have to get close to the pool
which I specifically told you not to do
I'm going to go do it okay good luck hey
monster want to kill me how about you
make me some toast first
jior that was so [ __ ] gay what well
what you said you could have said you're
toast not why don't you make me some
toast he's dead what does it matter yeah
you're right
[Music]