hey Dad can I go outside and step in dog
poop e no Jeffy why would you want to do
that cuz I like the sound it makes when
I step on it no Jeffy you can't go
outside and step in dog poop that's
gross Jeffy well I'm going to do it
anyway well if you're going to do it
anyway can you at least put shoes on ew
Marvin but dny I can't find my shoes
what do you mean you can't find your
shoes well they ran away how'd your
shoes run away I don't know but they
didn't dadd Jeffy shoes can't run away
unless you're the one in the shoes
running well I just can't find them dang
did you look everywhere well I looked
everywhere and I thought that they could
be and where's that on my feet they're
not on if they were on your feet they
wouldn't be lost Jeffy look I'm going to
help you find your shoes all right
daddy Jeffy I found your shoes no way I
looked
everywhere bucker why are you chewing my
shoes bad booger bad now we have to get
your new shoes Jeffy well Daddy I can
step in dog poop without shoes no Jeffy
we'll get your new shoes and you're not
stepping in dog poop in
them did you find jeffy's shoes Marvin
yes I did but his pet dinosaur booger
them oh no so now we have to get Jeffy
new shoes and they're going to be so
expensive well I could go to the thrift
store and buy him a used pair of shoes
yeah just do that can you give me the
poop Stompers 3,000 no Jeffy you're not
going to step in poop your new shoes
okay I'll be right back Marvin I'm back
oh my God those shoes are cool mommy
those shoes are the tits how much did
those cost they were only $20 Marvin and
the owner of the store said Michael
Jordan used to wear these when he was a
kid Michael Jordan yeah well they're
about to belong to Scotty pooping after
he gets un step in and dog poop with
them or keil O'Neal or or
Jordan Jeffy put these shoes on D look
these shoes fit perfectly well you
better take care of them Jeffy oh don't
worry Daddy I'm only going to step in
the finest dog turge with these babies
you better not Jeffy yeah Jeffy actually
take care of these shoes look I bet your
friends are jealous go show your friends
oh you're right Daddy I bet you they
don't have dog turn Stompers like these
babies I'll be right back I made it
again when do we get a turn we're
playing make it take it so whenever I
miss it that's when you get a turn but I
don't miss we're going be here all
night see he keeps making it he just
keeps making it forever see watch this
do it again oh oh finally he missed we
get a turn yeah okay finally now it's my
turn hey guys can I play no we haven't
even had our turn yet Cody just let
Jeffy have a turn he probably sucks at
basketball he's going to miss this shot
anyway
okay whoa he made it oh you know what
new rules everybody has to shoot from
way back there because we're shooting
from way too close Okay from right here
yeah from right there he's totally going
to miss this
yeah what you made it from there heck
yeah well uh uh you have to make it from
the balcony now how about that okay yeah
he's going to miss that all right Jeffy
try to make it from up here dude I can't
even make it from up here I know I'm
trying to get Jeffy to lose his turn all
right watch
this heck yeah how did he keep making
it I know a shot that you definitely
can't make come on all right Jeffy for
this next shot you have to shoot shoot
the ball over the balcony and make it to
the goal Junior that's impossible and
you have to do it over your head that's
even more impossible just go sit by the
goal and see if he makes it all right
Jeffy shoot the shot all
right wao he made it dude he just
doesn't miss he made that did oh what's
he ever going to miss I don't know did I
make it yeah Jeffy how are you so good
at basketball I don't know it must be
the new shoes I got from Michael Jordan
what Michael Jordan used to have those
shoes no way dude oh this is like that
movie Like Mike what what well you know
that movie where the kid gets Michael
Jordan's shoes and they make him good at
basketball that never happened wait
that's a thing yeah wait wait wait so
you're saying that jeffy's only good at
basketball because he has Michael
Jordan's old shoes I mean maybe wait so
you're saying as long as he's wearing
those shoes he's never going to miss I I
guess Jeffy let's try it all right Jeffy
try to make a shot all
right all right now take the shoes off
all
right try to make another
shot he missed it's the shoes it's the
shoes oh my God so if jeffy's wearing
their shoes he could be in the NBA he'll
never miss he'll win like 25
championships oh my God that's
awesome who Could That Be hello hey man
uh what are you doing here hey do you
have any eggs eggs yeah my wife wants to
make scrambled eggs but we don't have
any eggs why didn't you go to the store
well cuz that cost money and I figured I
could get them for free from you I mean
you're not going to say no right I I
came all this way they're in the fridge
thanks bud oh I'm going to get a drink
while I'm here too o o and maybe some
chips I mean he already said yes to the
eggs he's not going to say no to that
dude he just doesn't miss what what's
that all about come on Jeffy make it
again yeah come on guys I've already
made it like 300 times I know just do it
one more time please what's going on in
here this kid can't miss when he shoots
the basketball what yeah yeah he just
can't miss a shot he's been making them
all night no way show me yeah yeah yeah
try try this shot
Jeffy see he just doesn't miss wow kid
you should go pro well he's really young
he can't go pro yet huh yeah you're
right but he's not too young for me to
use him to hustle some people down at
the gym Hey kid come with me to the gym
I think you guys are good enough to beat
the national champs wait really yeah
come on there they are they're legit
pass
[Music]
[Applause]
pass oh my God they're really good yeah
there's a reason they won the
championship you think we can beat them
not you your friend but a basketball
team needs five people so also you okay
I'm going to go see if they'll accept
the
challenge that's what I'm talking about
TR that's what I'm talking about excuse
me sir hey what do you want I'd like to
make a little wager a wager yeah I'd bet
this kid and his friends could beat you
and your team in a game of
basketball you know we the champion is
right well yes sir I do know that which
is why I'd be willing to bet $50,000
that this kid could beat beat you in
basketball $50,000 oh you serious
serious oh I'm serious you don't have
$50,000 shut up so uh so we have a deal
uh hold on let me see let me see hey
y'all think we could beat these little
kids in a basketball
game right yeah yeah you got a challenge
all right I'll get the rest of the kids
hey and if we if we win you never get to
touch a basketball another day in your
life you got that I don't know how you'd
ever enforce that but okay yeah that's
what I thought hey kids you ready to
make me $50,000 what he thinks we can
beat a professional basketball team but
we can't beat a professional basketball
team well not on your own but Jeffy can
he never misses yeah guys I think we can
do it all right come on all right what
scrums are we going up against they're
right there BR check out the half court
shop almost okay almost almost made that
y'all saw that
right it's the effort that count the but
that was pretty good yeah yeah we're
going up against them I think so dude
don't worry your friend here can't Miss
isn't that right Jeffy right I don't
miss anything I just keep making buckets
okay let's do
this
hey I didn't think you'd actually show
up what do you think I'd make a $50,000
bet involving children and not show up
no we're here we're ready to play
where's your team oh my team's here hey
guys and one girl come
here yeah my team's here and we got
another guy in the bathroom but we here
all right let's play then well let's
play then okay let's play be prepared to
never touch another one of these ever
again in your life that's not really
much of a change for me but all right
yeah yeah come on ow all right you guys
ready for tip off oh yeah I'm ready hey
y'all look he's wearing a diaper we're
playing against a baby this going to be
easy Jeffy don't let him get in your
head all right all right you ready oh
yeah I'm ready yeah I'm
[Music]
ready what do I do what do we do pass it
to Jeffy
yeah he made that oh no come on guys oh
it's on now oh my God you see the
three-pointer way to go Jeffy good shot
Jeffy on you whoa whoa
who yes sir what what it's all me baby
damn it come on guys step it up oh dude
I love basketball pass it to Jeffy no
dude I got it pass it to Jeffy oh dude
I'm going to make it watch
this a dude you supposed to pass it The
Jeffy dude I just ate popcorn
oh
yeah that's what happens when you don't
give the ball to Jeffy well I'm sorry
dude pass the ball to Jeffy
God Jeffy oh where you going Jeffy where
you going I'm going this
way we losing we don't
lose oh my God another three points we
are killing it you got this you got this
a he go
tr get out of my house this is my
house say no try TI up come on yeah I
don't know what to do I don't know what
to do pass the bottle Jeffy but he's so
far away though yeah yeah yeah mother
you got the ball sto away from a
girl yeah girl did that a girl did that
yeah she a girl she a girl that happened
because of you and I'm sorry okay 6 to6
a tied game come on we got this where
you going where you going you Ain making
another shot today junior Al you
okay y'all see me don't you yeah that
was crazy the shoes yes those shoes
shoes
shoes mhm you can't cover me you can't
cover
me hey he took my shoes how do I keep
getting the ball just passed the ball to
Jeffy hey
Jeffy no no you take it no I don't have
my shoes he doesn't have his shoes time
out hey you can't call time out time out
time out what what's going on why'd you
guys call timeout one more shot and we
win someone took my shoes yeah someone
took his shoes what okay I don't even
have legs who cares why do you need
shoes there's something we didn't tell
you what the shoes he had on they used
to belong to Michael Jordan they were
magical shoes and it made him where he
wouldn't miss a single shot what oh oh I
don't have time for this oh you got
to be kidding me what okay where's the
shoes number one took them and number
11's eating them yeah yeah eat de you
deserve it you earned it what okay okay
okay forget about the shoes okay you
never needed the shoes actually we did
yeah they made him where he didn't miss
a shot okay well we're just going to
have to do without him okay because you
can do this okay I know you can do this
I believe in you just just look deep
within yourself okay because if we lose
this I'm I'm going to go bankrupt and I
will never be able to touch a basketball
ever again although I'm a lot less
worried about that one so get back out
there and just get one more shot that's
all we need okay let's do it come on
let's play One More Shot wins the game
oh what's the matter you can't make a
shot without your magical shoes um
actually I cannot Cody
here
Cody shoot it why are you talking like
that I don't know just shoot it okay
yeah
pleas
go I made it we won we
won we won we
love oh my God we actually did Cody you
made that shot you won that you didn't
need shoes you did it oh my God oh my
God they did it those kids won they
actually pulled it off I could kiss you
I'm going to going to kiss you I'm going
to end up on some kind of list but I'm
still going to kiss you do it again Cody
we won let's go celebrate I got to admit
those kids they're pretty good yeah I
mean that one kid probably just got
lucky but still yeah we won so where's
my money yeah Deal's the deal you'll get
your money all right
awesome hey Daddy Jeffy what happened to
your new shoes somebody ate them no one
ate them Jeffy stop lying Danny you have
no idea the truth behind what I just
said hey Marv Brooklyn guy
it's $50,000 guy now $50,000 how'd you
get all this money well because your son
helped me win a $50,000 bet but I scored
all the points no you didn't score the
game-winning shot but I still want to
thank you by giving you some of this
money we get some of that money well I
mean I'm going to give it to your dad
cuz it seems more responsible okay how
how much are we getting you are going to
get
$100 $1100 yeah you can buy your kid
some new shoes hey Dad can we get the
poop Stompers
3,000 yeah let's go
sweet can't really pick it
up I got you wait no give it I need it
oh sorry sorry money I just
[Music]