[Music]
H Joseph I don't want to go to school
today me either dude what what's that
noise hey what's up you freaking twinks
whoa Cody did you get a new bike yeah I
did my mom got it for me so I don't have
to walk to school is that aing cat I
feel like it's distracting from my bike
yeah the cat I think we should all focus
on how cool my new bike is but there's a
cat kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty
oh look at the Kitty has a bell see but
look at the Kitt the cat's gone my bike
though oh yeah you got a bike yeah yeah
I did Joseph you see his bike yeah dude
I took Joseph just stole your bike I
don't I don't know what I was expecting
well I don't know why he thinks he can
get away with that we have to see him at
school later well I guess I'll just walk
to school with you come on let's
go all right crass today we're going to
be learning how octopuses reproduce when
a male octopus finds a female octopus he
wants to bang he ribs off his penis and
literally pulls it out her and then he
dies so he literally dies for the [ __ ]
or octopusy you know Penelope if I was
an octopus I would have already ripped
off my wiener and threw it at you uh
junior I really don't know how to take
that uh Joseph where's my bike oh I saw
that [ __ ] oh yeah I had to make quick
butt tie [ __ ] TI [ __ ] AR the [ __ ] hey
teacher can I go to the bathroom I ate
too many Takis and my butthole is on
fire yes Bor make it quick see you later
Chumps I'm going to the bathroom which
means I'm skipping school you comeing
too Penelope I clean my room again no
bully I have a boyfriend now okay just
know my room is clean penia what does he
mean by that that that his room is clean
I don't know Junior well that's got to
be some kind of inside joke between you
two okay well Junior before you and I
started going out I was seeing bully and
there was one day I was over at his
house and we were watching Seinfeld on
the couch and then we started making out
and that was it you made out with bully
yeah we made out and then I left that
was it Junior and then the next day he
asked me if I was coming over and I said
no and he said but I clean my room for
you why did he clean his room for you I
don't know no you have to know he didn't
just say that that's got to be some kind
of sick inside joke between you two what
no Junior no no you know what I think
happened I think y were making out on
the couch and he wanted you to do
something to his wiener and you said no
I won't do it in your living room cuz
your parents might see you said why
don't we go to your room and he goes no
my room's too dirty I don't want you to
see my room dirty and you're like well
how about if you clean your room then
I'll do stuff for your wiener and then
he cleaned his room Junior you're being
crazy you know what I got to go my dad's
checking me out early cuz I have a
doctor's ointment bye no no Cody did you
hear this I got to take a
doo hey dude wait what a little face
Bud oh guys I feel so much better after
that dooo wait Junior what's wrong you
look terrible bully and Penelope be made
out well didn't that happen before you
guys even got together yeah but he
cleaned his room for her see I told you
that whole was a thought thank you
Joseph well Junior sometimes people do
just clean their rooms no no guy would
would brag about cleaning his room to a
girl unless it was he was going to get
something out of it no one just cleans
their room for fun okay people only
clean their rooms when their parents
yell at them or unless a girl promises
to bang you think about it penel and
Bully were making out on his couch and
he wanted her to do stuff to his wiener
and she said no I don't want to do it in
the living room I want to go to your
room to do it cuz I don't want your
parents to see and he said no my room's
way too dirty we we can't go to my room
and then she said how about this if you
clean your room then I'll come over and
I'll do stuff to your wiener Junior
you're making a lot of assumptions I
mean how dirty would his room have to be
that he would turn down her doing stuff
to his wiener I mean she he would have
to have pizza boxes stacked all the way
to the ceiling like actual cat [ __ ] on
his pillow I'm talking corpses Junior
for him to turn that down I mean yeah
his room would have to have been dirty
it just doesn't make any sense like the
first thing I do when I invite a friend
over for the first time is show them my
room you know I say peep the room peep
the bunk bed check out the room check
the fit you know what I'm trying to say
like what a bad host like as soon as
they went to his house she he said we
got to stay in the living room we can't
go to my room something's up Cody
something's up there's two things making
me upset there's that and one other
thing what's the other thing I hate
water towers water towers it doesn't
make any sense like why why are water
towers in the air like the mayor's like
hey we need to store the town's water
and they said where should we store it
he goes up there 50 ft in the air that's
where I want to store it not on the
ground I want to store it 50 ft in the
air so it's really hard to get to like
look at this that's a water tower would
it be smarter just to put this whole tub
of water just on the ground so everyone
can get to it but no they say let's put
it 50 ft in the [ __ ] air that doesn't
make any sense it's suspicious to it
yeah why like people aren't running
around pillaging and destroying towns
and poisoning Water Supplies we don't
have to do this anymore we can just put
the water right on the ground this is
like I don't understand why it has to be
so high in the air like how they even
get all that water up there why water
weighs so much like that's that's the
size of like three or four swimming
pools you know how heavy water is like
how the hell did they get it all the way
up there Cody but I I I don't know
Junior I don't understand it either so
there's two things I need to do for me
Cody I need you to find out why water
towers are in the air like is that even
is that even smart to do that okay and
then I need you to go get a dick pick
from bully like I need to know if his
wiener is bigger than me because if if
he's bigger than me I'm breaking up with
Penelope but if I'm bigger than him then
then I'll then I'll stay with him oh
okay well I'm happy to do a little bit
of research well go go get the pick oh
yeah I'll just make a Snapchat and
pretend that I'm a girl actually hell I
could probably use my own I'm pretty
good at this that's a weird request dude
I need to know okay Junior I asked bully
for the wiener pick but he hasn't sent
it yet but I did figure out the water
tower thing so apparently they put the
water up there so that gravity naturally
pulls the water down and creates water
pressure so it goes through the pipes oh
die that's the answer oh die no die
today that's so stupid what a dumb
answer well that's the answer I'm sorry
no so stupid you're telling me they put
the water up there for it to come back
down well yeah so they don't have to
build a pump yes they do have to build a
pump how do you do you think the water
gets up there they have to pump the
water up there so they already have to
build a pump well they only have to pump
it once and then gravity does the rest
no how about you just put the water on
the ground and then you use the pump to
pump the water out to people yeah that's
a waste of time dude but then you'd have
to have it constantly pumping this way
you just pump once and then have gravity
pull it back down oh no I bet it's
constantly pumping water up there
because you know how much water humans
use oh oh die shut up I don't want to
hear that anymore I'm sorry Junior
that's the answer water towers are dumb
oh wait bully sent the dickpick let me
see oh he said it wouldn't send over
Snapchat cuz the file was too big he had
to email it oh it's in Dropbox oh it's
in a compressed zip file hold on the zip
file is two terabytes I can't download
all that my iCloud storage is full
Junior we're going to need another phone
oh okay hold on we use mine okay let me
see if we can put them together no
Junior that's still not the whole
picture we're going to need an iPad okay
I have an iPad I have an iPad let me see
oh my god oh sweet Jesus Junior that's
just the tip Junior we're going to need
a bigger screen we have to go to the
movie theater we have to project this
onto an IMAX screen he let's go see
let's go see okay Junior the movie
theater employee didn't want to put it
on the screen but I gave him $10 but he
said he still might lose his job so it
should be coming on any second
now oh my God Junior it's so massive
it's taking up the whole
screen I mean he must have used
Christopher no's 35mm IMAX camera to
take this picture that's an Oppenheimer
[ __ ] oh God Cody he's huge it's the
biggest thing I've ever seen that
there's no way I can compete with that
Junior it starts over there and it ends
over there and the worst part is we
don't even see the balls who knows how
far behind those are oh God if she did
anything with him it's over it's it's
completely over oh Junior oh oh no you
better hope she didn't oh oh my God
Junior I I think the projector just
crashed that's how big it was oh my God
I'm sorry
Junior was a huge dude Oppenheimer [ __ ]
oh well damn I'm sorry bro I have to
leave her I have to break up with her no
you don't Junior you don't even know if
she did anything it's that big it's huge
I have to break up with her it's the
right thing to do dude thanks Joseph mhm
well I have to go bro but I think you
know what to do I'm going to break up
with her I'm going to call her right now
tell her to come over and I'm going to
tell her I just can't do this anymore oh
come on Junior don't do that I have to
oh hey junior junior what's wrong oh no
is it the water tower thing again it
just doesn't make sense why are they in
the air Junior I already explained this
to you it doesn't make sense nothing you
can say makes it make sense Junior you
need to get over it I think we should
break up what over the water tower thing
no over bully what I saw his penis what
Junior what are you talking about Cody
asked him for a dickpic and we tried
looking at it and it wouldn't load on a
phone screen so we had to go to a movie
theater and we saw it on an iMac screen
and it's huge so you need to go be with
him cuz he has a huge wiener what I'm
not going to go be with bully junior he
gets to have you he wins he gets to have
me yes he won the size contest he's way
bigger than me so go be with him you'd
be happier with him Junior we're in like
fifth grade why are we even talking
about this kind of stuff because exactly
we're in fifth grade it's already that
big he has so much more growing to do
I'm not going to get any bigger I saw my
dad get out of the shower I've peaked
I'm not getting any bigger Junior this
is ridiculous I'm not going to go be
with bully there's nothing that happened
between us oh oh bull crap if it's that
big you had to do something with it if
it's if if my thing was that big I'd
whip it out every chance I get Junior
why don't you just ask him then cuz he's
going to lie no he won't okay then you
stay right here I'll invite bully over
and if he lies you call him a liar
straight to his face okay fine all right
I'm going to get bully hey what's up
scrubs you like my new bike I just
bought it earlier today from your friend
Joseph oh okay so that's where it went
bully I need to speak to you okay so you
sent a Winer pick to Cody earlier today
and your Wiener's huge oh that thing
yeah that's my favorite practical joke I
like to pull on people I just find a
random wiener pick on Google Images and
then I just put that into Photoshop and
set the dimensions to be as big as an
IMAX screen it's hilarious it crashes
people's phones so that wasn't your
wiener no man we're in fifth grade why
would I send a picture of my wiener to
somebody well you and Penelope made out
on your couch like before she was dating
me right yeah so why' you clean your
room for her oh well she wanted to go to
my room to play fortnite but I said no
because I pee in my bed a lot and
instead of changing the sheets I just
put newspaper on there like in the movie
Big Daddy so then the next day I told
her that I clean my room but she didn't
want to come
over so she's never done anything to
your wiener no of course not man we're
in fifth grade oh I'm going to go wait
wait where the hell is my bike hey get
back here dork so Junior do you feel any
better no because why are water towers
in the air like why are they way up
there doesn't make sense to put water 50
ft in the air it can just be on the
ground oh my God it just doesn't make
sense someone please explain to me
[Music]