wee wa Joseph just went down the slide
dude this is the best slide ever okay
I'm about to slide down it do it
Junior hey guys can I go down the slide
uh I don't know how you would you're in
a wheelchair Junior I'm just being
honest there's no ramp for him to get up
here well you guys can pick me up and
push me down the that pick you up I'm
not the world's strongest man I can't
pick up your wheelchair Junior I'm being
honest that wheelchair probably weighs
like 300 lb look if God wanted you to
plan on this jungle gem he wouldn't have
put you in a wheelchair Junior why are
you being so mean I'm not being mean I'm
just being real look you can watch me go
down this leg oh my God my leg my leg at
her oh my
god oh well kid it looks like you broke
your leg from falling on the playground
so I recommend you stay in this
wheelchair for a few weeks I don't want
to be in a dumb wheelchair hey it's not
all bad you know you can have people
push you around you can go down Hills
really fast hey you're like a
Transformer Autobots roll out you know
that noise this is dumb cheer up kid
guys I don't want to be in this stupid
wheelchair well Junior this is karma for
you making fun of that kid in the
wheelchair on the playground what's
Karma it's the stuff that go on apples
dude I'm not a Karma Apple Cody no
that's caramel then what's karma karma
is when you get oh it's chapstick oh
dude my lips are so chap no that's CarX
then what's karma karma is oh it's when
you buy cars online no that's karmax
then what's Karma I would tell you if
you stop interrupting me karma is when
you oh karma is that girl with the big
boobies Karma Electra she's h no that's
kmen Electra then what's Karma Cody
karma is when you get oh it's when an
Italian guy say says get in the Cara get
in the Cara get in the Cara shut the
hell up everybody shut up no karma is
when you get what you deserve so if you
do something good something good happens
to you and when you do something bad
something bad happens to you so by
making fun of that kid in the wheelchair
you ended up in a wheelchair so you're
saying if I make fun of your glasses I'm
going to get glasses well if something
happens to your eyes yes that would be
Karma oh I'm about to roast this man
don't do it dude oh I'm about to roast
this boy hold on don't do it boy Simon
from album The Chip's looking ass
Dexter's Laboratory looking ass don't do
it Edna from incredible looking ass on a
roll Harry Potter and the Sorceress
Stone looking ass Harry Potter and the
Chamber of Secrets looking ass Harry
Potter and the and the president of asan
looking ass Harry Potter and the Goblin
of fire looking ass Harry Potter and the
Order of the Fenix looking ass Harry
Potter and the Half bled Prince looking
ass Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows
Part One looking ass Harry Potter and
the Deathly Hollow part two looking ass
is that all the Harry Potter movies I
think there's one more is it Harry
Potter looking
ass he could have just said Harry Potter
but yeah you you have to wear your 3D
glasses in the real world to see 3D
looking ass uh coke bottle glasses okay
four eyes see I'm not blind Cody well
you know Karma doesn't happen every time
hey guys you want to play with my Nerf
gun yeah that'd be fun no my eye my eye
you shot me in the eye well kid that
Nerf bullet really messed up your eye so
you're going to have to wear these
glasses for a while I don't want to be a
fory nerd see Junior Karma well doctor
is karma a real thing yeah I think so
one time I was in a parking lot and I
backed into this car and drove off and
now whenever I drive people hit my car
and drive off so that'd be Karma well
well this is just dumb cuz I made fun of
a kid in a wheelchair now I'm in a
wheelchair I made fun of his dumb
glasses now I have glasses well yeah
that sounds like Karma I'd stop making
fun of people if I were you see Junior
have you learned your lesson no cuz
everything was just a coincidence cuz
Jeffy is the one that shot me in y I
didn't do that to myself so I think
everything just a coincidence so you're
just going to keep making fun of people
yeah you know I'll make fun of your dumb
stupid pimple to see if I get pimples so
uh pizza face oo Braille face the one
Helen Keller could read your face cuz
your face is Bumpy from all the pimples
uh what's it called when the stars make
shapes in the sky constellation
constellation pimple face flame I can
connect the dots with the pimples on
your face face see Cody look I don't
have any pimples on my face well
actually I think I see one where right
there on the side of your face it's been
there oh dude that was not there earlier
wa so you're saying I got a pimple on my
face from making fun of your pimples yes
Junior I told you Karma's real no it's
not that must be my pizza I ordered
earlier wait you ordered pizza yeah I
did so will me there will me downstairs
okay hello hey I have your pizza here
Cody hear how he talks he talks with a
lisp he said I have your pizza here
junior don't make fun of his lisp it's
just weird o and be really careful cuz
it's really really hot it just came out
of the oven I can't understand a single
word he's saying with his lisp hey Say
It Don't Spray It skunk mouth good one
Joseph grab the pizza okay dude and
here's the money oh thanks do I get a
tip use mouthwash you're not going to
tip him Junior no take me inside go okay
Cody feed me a piece of pizza Junior you
were really mean to that pizza guy how
you made fun of his list and you didn't
tip him I shouldn't have to tip him Cody
he's already paid to deliver pizzas it's
his job well he gets most of his money
from tips well if he wants to make more
money he should get a different job well
you still made fun of his lisp cuz he
was talking weird and he spit all over
me while he was talking just hurry up
and feed me a piece of pizza okay fine
here comes the choo choo train but be
careful it's hot just hurry up and put
it in my mouth that's what I said no
it's hot it's burn my mouth burn my
mouth Junior I told you it was hot I
burnt my tongue I burnt my tongue oh
dude you have a list what yeah Junior
it's karma you have a list because you
made fun of list no that's [ __ ] no
no no I burnt my mouth by eating pizza
pizza not Karma you told me it was hot I
just didn't listen that's not Karma also
I didn't tip him where's my karma for
that well I don't know Junior you order
pizza didn't tell me I didn't think you
wanted Pizza dad of course I want pizza
stupid oh now you're grounded that means
no allowance to give me that pizza well
no dad that's my pizza I'm hungry go he
took my allowance Junior see that's
karma for not tipping the pizza man now
you lost your allowance okay Cody this
whole k thing is stupid okay look how do
I get rid of the karma well there is
such a thing as good karma so if you do
good things then good things will happen
to you so if I go give homeless people
money my dad will give my allowance back
maybe okay can I borrow some money but
why cuz I want to give money to the
homeless people but that would be me
doing something nice not you no it'd be
me doing something nice cuz I borrowed
the money from you and I gave the money
to homeless people but how are you going
to pay me back if you don't have any
allowance because my dad will give my
allowance back when I do nice things to
homeless people just give me some money
you big fat ugly foury freak okay fine
here's a five all right let's go get to
a homeless person
hey bum here's $5 but Junior it doesn't
count if you're still
mean I'm going to buy more beer see look
he's happy I did something nice let's
go all right Cody if Karma works the way
you say it does my dad should come back
in here and give me my allowance back
since I gave that homeless person money
I said maybe dad can you get in here
what do you want junor can I have my
allowance back no you can't have your
allowance back you didn't think about me
when you ordered that delicious pizza no
Cody it didn't work well maybe it didn't
work because you were being selfish
Karma does not know I was being selfish
yes it does and you still owe me $5 cuz
you give my $5 to the homeless guy so
how you going to pay me back oh I know
how I'm going to pay you back that
homeless guy to give it back to me
Junior where you going I got $5 give me
back my $5
you well Junior you just beat up a
homeless guy for $5 I don't think
Karma's going to like that what's Karma
going to do take my house from me and
make me homeless well I don't think it
did do anything that crazy I'm going to
go downstairs and ask Chef to make me
something to eat since my pizza was
taken from me can you will me downstairs
peasant Junior I'm not going to let you
talk to me that way okay that was pretty
hot come on be careful Cody the stairs
are coming up hold on Junior I have to
go pee just wait till we get downstairs
look when I got to go I got to go short
pen short stream what just wait I can
just do this myself uh I think you
should wait for Cody dude can you just
help me Joseph no dude I'm not your help
what you going to do call me boy next
I'll just do it myself
uh oh
god oh dude are you okay that was a
pretty harsh fall
it's okay I only fell halfway up the
stairs I can walk the rest of
the dude are you okay wait what happened
to Junior he thought he could do it
himself and then he fell down the stairs
Junior I said wait uh Cody this all your
fault Junior this is karma for you
trying to beat up the homeless guy no
this is not Karma you didn't help me
down the stairs well I had to pee you
could have just waited just put me back
in my wheelchair and take me to Chef
peee you forde freak fine
hey Chef peipi can you make me something
to eat not right now Junior I'm trying
to boil peanuts why are you making
boiled peanuts in a frying pan you're
supposed to use a pot look smart ass if
you want to boil the peanuts yourself
you can Chef peee don't get mad at Cody
he knows how to boil peanuts cuz his
mom's a fat elephant sick bur Junior hey
Chef can I have one of those peanuts
before you boil them sure Junior okay
let me
just wow kid I think you're going to be
dead by the end of the day if you don't
calm down yeah Junior Karma get you
really bad what did I do to deserve my
face getting burned off well you called
my mom an elephant which was a sick burn
so now you have a sick burn on your face
that's complete bull crap Cody I was
reaching for the peanuts and I fell out
of my wheelchair and landed on the stove
it was my fault not Karma I don't know
kid I think your friend might be right
are you going bald what are you going
bald well I mean yeah I'm going bald in
the front and back so what well aren't
you a little too young to be going bald
I thought you go bald at like 80 years
old okay you know what that's it you're
going to get what's coming to you and
poy why are you bald you little [ __ ]
that's it me and Brooklyn guy are out of
here oh wow they just left great job
Junior you made pooby leave wait what's
this white stuff in your hair I have
white stuff in my hair oh no Junior I
think you have lice what rice no lice
but rice you eat it with butter it's
delicious no Junior lice is little bugs
that live in your hair I have bugs in my
hair call the doctor doctor get back
here hey what's up he says I have bugs
in my hair oh no kid you have lice so
not rice no no that's delicious you eat
it with butter lice is little bugs that
live in your hair well get them out how
do you get them out I have to shave your
whole head well shave my head shave my
head okay all right kid I shaved your
whole head so now you're bald like me
and poy so suck that yeah suck it all
right kid I'm out of here all right Cody
I believe you karma is real really yeah
karma is real everything you said when
you do bad stuff bad stuff happens to
you I just want to reverse it what do I
do well maybe if you do something
genuinely nice things will get better
okay I'm going to try it I believe in
you dude you can do it okay I'm going to
start with you
Cody Cody yeah you're not the ugliest
person I've ever seen okay that's a star
dude yeah that's that's the nicest thing
you've ever said to me what wait a
minute my leg it feels better I can
stand up look at God yeah keep going
Junior okay um Cody if you were the last
person on Earth I'd be your friend okay
that's kind of nice I guess my eye it
feels better let me take these glasses
off guys my eyes work now hallelujah oh
Cody this is working this is working
okay keep going Junior uh okay um Cody
if we were picking teams for dodgeball
at school I would pick you second to
last oh okay yeah that's good wait hold
on my pimple but it feels like it came
off Hercules Hercules Hercules I don't
have acne anymore Junior okay how do I
get rid of the burns on my face and my
hair back dude you got to get the
ultimate compliment I can't do it Joseph
dude you have to do it I just I don't
think I can do it you know what you have
to say okay I will do it to have my life
back to
normal
Cody your mom is
not F come on you can do it your mom is
not F she's not what Junior she's not
fabulous what she cuz she's more than
that she's not fabulous she's more than
that because she's such a
w she's such a
wonderful yes your mom your mom is a
way no no can't call her that your mom
is a way your mom is way too fat for age
she's a big fat cow moo moo moo o o o
huh I guess he just couldn't say it
[Music]