happy Easter guys Happy Easter dude yeah
we should be at home with our families
but we're here yeah happy Easter so guys
what do you want to do for Easter well
we're too old to go hunt for Easter eggs
yeah hunting for Easter eggs for babies
dudes yeah babies yeah babies who would
want to do that yeah
so what do you guys actually want to do
oh we should watch the doctor Finkle
shit's Easter special yeah let's watch
that yeah
[Music]
struggling
I am Dr fredric fingerships and today I
have captions the Easter Bunny and I
would force them to tell me the location
of the ancient by an egg I already told
you I don't know nothing I said shut up
very valuable leg with billions of
dollars and the alien said give us an
egg isn't my and said no way and sends a
foot and some Lions buried the egg deep
underground somewhere if this stupid
rabbit would just tell me where it is
oh you will spit on my face you will
make my face sweet I will make your face
Wet This is called
happy man
got a little bit rabbit he's not talking
now all right fine you see the dirtiest
you see the dirt somewhere in Florida is
it dirt in Florida very good I will now
search this fruit of dirt now guys did
you hear that the ancient Mayans hid an
egg in the dirt in Florida we're in
Florida we should go look for it but
Cody did we not just agree that looking
for eggs is for babies yes definitely
for babies dude but a [ __ ] it's worth
billions of dollars could be worth it
but Cody they said the egg is hidden in
the dirt in Florida you know much dirts
in Florida will never find it it could
take years well guys I actually happen
to know where an ancient Mayan Dirt Farm
is here in Florida how do you know where
ancient Mayan dirt farm is well one day
I was out pillaging for maple syrup you
know killing people burning villages in
my pursuit of that sweet sweet sticky
goodness and I stumbled across an
ancient Mayan dirt farm and I pin a
location on my phone so I'd be able to
find it later so guess what guys today's
the day well are you sure the eggs even
gonna be there well the egg is buried in
the dirt in Florida and I found in
ancient Floridian Mayan dirt farm here
in Florida so it has to be well I guess
it's I guess we should go look I mean we
have nothing better to do today yeah
we're bored come on guys follow me uh
how much longer Cody yeah dude my feet
hurt well Google Maps says we're almost
at the great dirt farm of the Mayans and
that's where the eggs should be buried I
don't see any dirt anywhere Cody look
guys dude dude come on guys let's go
guys guys right here this green X this
is where the egg is Cody isn't there
usually a red expert treasure is well
yeah but that's too obvious Junior the
Mayans knew people would dig under a red
X whenever you see a green X you just
ignore it this is definitely where the
egg is okay so how are we gonna start
digging this use our hands dude well
hold on I got an idea I'll be right back
maybe he has a shovel
deal
I was just for a shovel Junior Jeffy
where'd you get this thing I found it I
don't believe him I think he stole it
but we're gonna get this egg Jeffy dig
with the green X's I'm on it
are you sure it's down there Cody I'm
positive
well guys I guess we just sit back and
wait till Jeffy finds the egg yeah dude
hey kids I uh I think I lost my
excavator it's like this big yellow
digging machine have you guys seen it uh
no I haven't seen it yeah well it's just
I was doing construction and I took a
pee break and then I came back and it
was gone and I think somebody might have
stolen it but I mean it's pretty hard to
miss it's big and it's yellow and it
makes a lot of noise no we we haven't
seen it have we guys nope not at all
dude okay well like me I've looked
everywhere I mean everywhere except for
behind me but honestly I'm just too
tired to turn around so you guys let me
know if you see it okay oh that was way
too close guys we almost got caught
right
Junior looking egg wait that's it I
thought it was gonna be big and golden
well I don't know but that has to be it
why else would somebody bury an egg that
deep I'm gonna go get it behold we got
it the long lost Mayan treasure egg Cody
it's purple and it's plastic well it
might still be worth a lot of money we
don't know what's inside it come on
let's take it home all right you guys
ready to open up this egg and see what
makes it so valuable please do
whatever's in there better be good all
right here I go oh
aliens we've been watching for the Earth
for thousands of floors and now Zork in
the hands over no I'll have her done
okay I will literally suit you right now
do it I'll tell you other friends bet
you won't dude he's gonna shoot us give
him a stupid egg nah Cody give him the
egg no give it to him right now dude
okay damn here yeah he's gonna kill us
Cody guys he's stroller hey we should
call the cops the cops aren't going to
believe that an alien stall our egg
Junior just called the car cops why
don't you call them because I gotta go
to McDonald's to get my free medium
french fry to help me get over this I'll
call the cops hey Elia somebody call the
cops yes officer something was stolen
from us today oh me too I was at my
construction job and somebody stole my
excavator it just disappeared right in
the thin air I mean how does a 24 ton
machine just go missing like that wait
you guys were there too anyway what was
stolen from you guys an Easter egg okay
look 911 is for emergencies only okay I
don't care if you guys were Easter egg
hunting and he stole your egg or
whatever just learn how to share no this
is serious this egg is worth billions of
dollars yeah okay and my boogers are
worth hundreds of dollars and my piss
doesn't have blood in it and my wife
isn't a [ __ ] because we're over here in
make-believe land but no this is real
life and my piss does have blood in it
and I'm very worried No let me tell you
the story so we were looking for an egg
did you say looking for an egg well that
reminds me of when I was looking for
eggs in an Easter egg hunting
competition and I lost because of Byron
Easter egg britches who's Byron Easter
egg britches you've never heard of Byron
Easter egg britches that 10-time Easter
egg hunting champion no we're kids I'll
tell you guys the story so I was in
fifth grade and the town was having a
big Easter egg hunting competition so I
showed up with my basket and my glasses
on so I could see all the eggs and I was
pretty sure I was gonna win so they
fired a gun in the air to start the
competition and I started looking for
eggs and I was grabbing any egg I saw I
found eggs in bushes and nooks and
crannies I had so many eggs my basket
was overflowing with eggs and I knew I
was gonna win and then Here Comes Byron
Easter egg britches see the role was you
were supposed to put the eggs in your
basket but Byron he was stuffing the
Easter eggs into his britches and his
britches were so big he had a ton of
eggs in there he must have had thousands
of eggs in his britches so I chuckled to
myself and I said that fool he's going
to be disqualified for putting eggs in
his britches instead of the basket so
then we go to count up all our eggs and
I got 37 eggs and I'm feeling pretty
good about that because that's a lot of
eggs and then they count up how many
eggs Byron has and Byron got 2006
124 eggs in his britches and then they
declare him the winner and I say no no
that's [ __ ] because the rule was We
were supposed to put the eggs in our
basket not our britches and then the
mayor said kid come down it's just an
Easter egg hunting competition it's not
that big of a deal and then I said no
[ __ ] that and [ __ ] you because those
were the rules and where are we without
rules so then my mom washed my mouth out
with soap for cursing at the mayor and
Byron won the competition and they they
congratulated him for being so smart for
putting the eggs in his britches and the
mayor gave him a medal for collecting
the most eggs ever so for the next 10
years Byron would win every Easter egg
hunting competition by putting eggs in
his britches and I even tried to put
eggs in my britches but my britches were
never big enough to collect enough eggs
and people said I was a copycat for
putting eggs in my britches so now every
year on Easter Byron calls me up to brag
about how many eggs he has in his
britches who is this oh great it's Byron
here I'll put it on speakerphone so you
guys can hear him what do you want Byron
golden tag Brooklyn guess how many
Easter eggs I'm going to have in my
bridges this year four thousand
uh how you know what I don't care screw
you and your britches God I hate that
guy oh he's German by the way I forgot
to mention that that's important but you
know what's funny this year I'm gonna
get my payback because this year the
town hired me to hide the Easter eggs
for the competition and I'm gonna hide
every single egg six feet in the dirt
with a little green X on top so that
whenever Byron finds him he's gonna have
to dig down six feet with his bare hands
just to find a single purple egg and
inside there's gonna be a note that says
[ __ ] you wait so you're burying eggs
with your excavator in the dirt well
yeah I was but I only got one done
before somebody stole my excavator
anyway I hope you kids find your eggs I
can't really help not in these britches
hey guys I got my French fries yeah what
the hell oh sorry I had a little tickle
in my throat and I got my french fries
what did the cop say is it gonna get my
egg back listen Cody that egg's not as
valuable as you thought it was oh I see
what's going on here you guys just want
to keep the egg for yourselves and split
the money well I'm not having it put up
your dukes come on I don't want to fight
you Cody why because you don't want to
lose in front of your friend over there
don't be a puss so Cody calm down no I'm
getting dizzy I'm gonna throw up listen
the cop he's the one who buried that egg
in the dirt Junior there's no way that
cop buried that egg in the dirt and then
put a green x on it only the Mayans
could have done that it's a long story
what do you want green boy
oh what are you talking about Green boy
had a federal not a word no no let me
see Green Bay
what's up here oh well there does look
like there's a note in there what's it
say it says [ __ ] you Junior why would
the Mayans do that that's so mean
because it wasn't the Mayans Cody it was
the cop he was trying to hide the egg
from buyer and Easter egg britches okay
now I know you're lying now dude
oh my God the ball sack he has it oh
what do we do I don't know I have french
fries hey guys so where I found after
you guys left I kept digging I found
this golden egg Jeffy you found the real
Mayan egg do you know that ugh go ahead
and take it I don't go [ __ ]
Jeffy you just gave away the real egg he
was gonna kill me listen Cody at least
we're all alive well Joseph's dead yeah
that was fun what is it now open up okay
what's in this one what's it say what it
says suck it look I don't know what to
tell you man we didn't do this this has
to be the real Mayan egg the milans
won't subtlet yeah I guess well that's
not filled with nuts no it's not aren't
you stupid Easter Bunny I couldn't find
it Easter Bunny where did you go Easter
Bunny no
no
[Music]