be careful dude don't knock it down
oh I got I got I got it
um
okay that was easy watch this dude
why are you pushing it just pull it
inward oh dude what was that about what
I just said just pull it inwards I said
it again you're calling don't have the N
word no I mean like bring it inward oh
you want me to bring it I'll bring
out breakfast you said you said bring it
inward yeah you said bring it so I'm
gonna bring it let's go I don't want to
fight that's not even what I said you're
calling Joseph the N word like it's
nothing you being blatantly racist dude
yeah I mean like inwards like we know
what you mean we heard you seven times
the eight time doesn't make it less
racist you keep saying the n where Cody
stop saying it no it's a different word
we know what you're saying you're
implying it by saying inward wait you
think you get to say it is that it you
think you think you're gonna say Cody no
no okay look it's a different word I'll
spell it oh no we don't need you to
spell it out we know how to spell well
you're gonna spell it with an ER and a
well I mean there is an A in it oh wow
you think he's cool he's gonna be like
oh rapper say it that way I can say nah
still racist Cody no no there's an R2 oh
wow wow who wants to use the heart on
whoa oh no it's spelled i-n-w-a-r-d wow
he's stupid and doesn't know how to
spell anything is this yeah you don't
even know how to spell the n-word so why
are you saying if you know how to spell
it no it's a completely different word
we get it we understand that you're not
actually saying the n word but you're
still saying inward we know what you
mean yeah no no it's a different way you
don't understand okay okay how about
this uh what's the opposite of outward
uh inside right inside in the house no
there's a word for that and the word is
inward oh wow everything just inward to
you who raised you no no obviously the
clan dude yeah guys I I don't know how
to explain this hold on let me get a
dictionary and show you a dictionary
there to see your racism okay I get the
dictionary what is that supposed to
prove we already know you're racist just
look right here please it says inward or
inwards oh multiple times so insulted me
wow Cody but no just look at the
definition it says toward the inside
Center or inner being it could also be
inwardly oh
Lydia go downstairs and get a cup of
Kool-Aid
the inward's still racist oh I bet
crackers in the dictionary look it up
well the food probably is Cody I've
never seen someone go this far to defend
themselves saying the n-word like a
PewDiePie didn't pull out a dictionary
okay guys whatever can we just forget
this ever happened oh you want me either
forget you said it like we forgot about
slavery huh no I just want to go back to
playing Jenga Junior dude look white
people always forget dude they always
want to forget yeah Cody we're never
gonna forget this you literally just
called him literally a racist name okay
can we just please play Jenga okay okay
Dad we can't go white boy pull your
piece Whitey
it's not even my turn oh yeah
it's my turn but you know I give up my
turn it's Joseph okay yeah yeah tell me
how you want me to pull it master I'm
all yours tell me tell me I'm your slave
okay just just pull it toward you oh
okay I'll pull it towards me
what you you didn't call him the bad
word dude I swear I knew he was gonna
call me a dumb N word yeah yeah you you
were just seething at the teeth you were
like well you want to yell something
racism on the tip of his tongue I didn't
even think about it wow you didn't even
think about it but you wanted to say it
we wanted to do it it's so bad no I
didn't leave I didn't want to okay you
know what let's just go downstairs and
see if she made us dinner yeah all this
racism is making me hungry Chef PeePee
we're hungry look in front of you I got
you KFC and it's already on the plate
you're welcome KFC I don't know what's
wrong Cody aren't you hungry yes I am I
just I know you're gonna yell at me the
whole time
tell you this food is perfectly fine
right yes it is oh you don't think it's
funny that I'm eating it huh huh
stereotypes but no not at all okay okay
uh junior can you pass me the gravy oh
dude I'm surprised she actually wants it
you know it's brown right yes that's
fine Cody I'm not gonna pass it to you
because you're racist Joseph can you
please pass me the gravy oh dude
[Music]
or inward God you can you believe this
dude well Cody congratulations for x
econom by his name okay fine I'll get it
myself Jesus he didn't want you touching
it Joseph yeah I would have tainted it
or sullied it all right you know what
guys I'm not hungry anymore I'm going
upstairs more chicken for me or is that
too inwardly to say huh huh
oh dude I am stuffed yeah me too Joseph
Cody what are you doing I'm just
coloring it helps with my anxiety
wow what dude you color the Little
Mermaid white she's black now come on
yeah Cody you know the little mermaid's
black now well I was just thinking of
the cartoon you're thinking of the white
one the only right one in your mind
Chloe Bailey's the new Little Mermaid
you have a brown crayon right here you
could have colored her Brown yeah Cody
why did you grab this crayon right here
well this is just the one I was thinking
of because you
think and that's why you're so mad they
casted a black woman to be a little
mermaid dude I bet he's pissed yeah he
loses sleep at night over but no I don't
care guys what do I have to do to prove
I'm not racist uh read this crayon right
here what does it say yeah what color is
this Crown Cody uh black no no no the
second word what is the Spanish word
yeah what's the Spanish word for black
food why would I say that I don't speak
Spanish but you speak racist though well
you don't want me to read the French one
Noir well okay then say the Spanish word
say it so clean say you say it so
fluently like you just said the French
ones yeah easily come on no I'm not
gonna say that why because it's a bad
word well yeah kind of God
Cody you know it's a bad word the N
word's a bad word that's what we're
trying to teach you it's a bad word so
if you say the Spanish version that's a
bad word right but it's not a bad word
in Spanish that's just what the word is
for black let's say it well I'm not
gonna say it you guys are gonna get mad
yeah cause it's a bad word Cody yeah
come on Cody say it please guys what can
I do to prove I'm not racist well first
of all you can apologize to Joseph yeah
in my whole race okay I'm really sorry
Joseph that's not enough that's not good
enough okay about this Cody we're gonna
ask you a few questions and if you
answer them non-racist then you're not a
racist yeah prove you're not a racist
dude okay all right Cody who's your
favorite King in history what my
favorite King yeah you know like in
Egypt like King Tut King James yeah King
Louis
um I mean King Tut's pretty cool
wow what you didn't choose Martin Luther
King we laid it out there for you dude
come on he's not really a king
[Applause]
I heard it Martin Luther King is a real
king all men are Kings yes yeah yeah
you're you're so strong King stay strong
King love yourself King yeah Cody fight
me like a king with a kingdom he is a
king with the kingdom the black kingdom
yes he had a dream Cody he gave all
black people dreams he's just mad cause
you never had a dream dude wow Cody you
didn't choose the right King well guys I
don't really can I just do the next
question please okay who's your favorite
President uh Obama wow
[Music]
he's the only one because the people
like you don't over block people the
people that can't change you I'm not
even old enough to vote okay Cody during
Halloween what color cat is bad luck oh
come on answer Cody you know it's not a
Persian cat yeah he knows about a white
cat you already know the answer to this
I don't I forgot God tell me I don't
know the answer tell me please okay well
some people not me believe that black
cats are bad
[Applause]
you could have said a dark colored cabin
you said black not white not gray black
all he sees is black and white Joseph
come on I didn't invent superstition
stereotype yeah stereotype that's
exactly what it is you you don't think I
can swim is that your stereotype now
what no I seen you swim oh wow you know
what Joseph let's just ignore him yeah
I'm not gonna ignore him okay fine I
guess I'll just play Clash of Clans
[Applause]
you're saying you know what Joseph I
think you should just lay before he
blows up on you yeah yeah I'm leaving
but I can't have enough of this yeah he
keeps it he's gonna yell some racist
names at you I know I'm not junior
junior be honest you're screwing with me
right you know I'm not racist right Cody
did you get like a new pair of glasses
and just realized we have a black friend
but no I don't have any problems with
Joseph because like Cody like you we've
hung out with him for years and you've
never been this blatantly racist but I
know he's black it's fine Cody I I don't
know if we can be friends anymore
because of how racist you are what I
mean you only have one black friend I
don't know if he's your friend anymore
like you don't have any other black
friends
let me see what that is hello hey there
we're here to pick up a son Cody it's
family bath night yeah we all bathing
one to hook we do it to save water yeah
it's like a gumbo of Stitch Cody still
poops in the bath but we use the poop as
like a little Tugboat when we playing oh
he's upstairs what's wrong Cody said
something bad today what did he say
LeBron's not to go oh if you ever say
that I'm gonna beat his ass kind of
something like that oh show me where
he's at right now what
LeBron what Cody you know damn well
LeBron James is the goat I don't care
three teams to win he's still to go I
don't know what you guys are talking
about Cody your friend here said you
said something bad Junior please don't
tell them what I said that they're not
gonna understand just like you didn't
understand and they're going to be even
more mad Cody I think they need to know
you're racist Junior no guys today Cody
said the n-word 30 times
he says that again Cody we did not raise
you to be a big and it was the way he
said it too today we were playing Jenga
but it turned to Django because we're
playing with our black friend Joseph and
he was taking too long on his turn and
Cody yelled just pull it inward whoa so
you give me orders now you think you're
a slave master is that it no guys I
didn't guys what can I do for everyone
to please just stop being mad at me hmm
Cody I think you need to apologize to
your friend yeah yeah and write a 10
page paper on Black History Month and
apologize to your friend okay I will
okay you better and be home in 30
minutes because it's family bath night
oh good I have to poop well hold it
until you get home I will all right I'm
gonna get Joseph Cody okay dude what am
I doing here near This Racist This
Racist has something to say to you oh oh
what kind of slur do you have for me now
ah Joseph I just want to say that I'm
very sorry for saying that word and I
will never say that word or any word
even remotely like that word ever again
and I'm sorry for offending you wow dude
he actually owned up to it yeah I know
all day he was trying to defend it by
pulling out the dictionary and all this
stuff but he finally admit that he said
it and that he was sorry well I
apologized earlier but I'll apologize
again so I'm sorry dude I think he
changed yeah he finally changed races
can be changed back to normal so we can
finally move on from this yeah I guess
so all right wow cool let's all sit down
and watch some TV yeah
did it just get darker in here wow since
Joseph showed up the room just got dark
but I'm a black hole just a sword and
all that yeah
yeah just went out
oh excuses okay screw you guys I have a
bathtub to go pooping we thought you
changed
[Music]