come on
open Jeffy what are you doing I'm trying
to open my oatmeal cream pie well let me
open don't hit me with it look daddy you
got it open for me thanks Marvin I took
another pregnancy test and it says not
pregnant again wait a minute daddy
you're porking Porky Pig
well yes Jeffy we're just trying to have
a kid of our own but but but what about
me Jeffy the Jeff man well Jeffy I want
to experience motherhood you know
pregnancy childbirth breastfeeding
breastfeeding if you want to breastfeed
somebody I'm right here and you got two
of them so me and Daddy can tag team
what Jeffy no listen we just want to
have a a real kid I am a real boy well
Jeffy don't do your stupid Pinocchio
impression wait a minute daddy so you're
telling me while I'm eating oatmeal
cream pies y'all are in the bedroom
making your own yeah you're telling me
while I'm asleep in my bed y'all are in
your bed doing something nasty uh yeah
well listen Jeffy there's nothing wrong
with it Marvin this is the third one
month in a row that it says not pregnant
maybe you should should go to the doctor
and get your fertility tested you're
right I should go to a doctor and get
tested can I come no Jeffy we don't have
to test you I mean can I go with you
yeah you can go with me come on all hey
there welcome to the doctor's office how
can I help you well doctor for the last
3 months I've been trying to get my wife
pregnant but it's just not working oh
you're shooting blanks huh I think so I
think we can help with that hey doctor I
got a problem what's that every morning
at precisely 8 a.m. I take a dump why is
that a problem I don't wake up till 9:00
oh well okay I guess I recommend setting
alarm for 759 then I'll just sleep in it
okay so doctor how do we fix my problem
well if we want to check and see if your
Tad poles are alive and swimming I need
you to take this cup go into the
bathroom and uh choke the monkey or
spank the chicken whatever the kids are
saying these days just right in the cup
so I'm supposed to go in there and do it
by myself well I'm not going to do it
for you I mean I can ask the nurses if
they want to help but I'm pretty sure
they're all married one of them might be
in debt though no I'll just do it myself
I just never done it with a cut before
you do know you're not supposed to bang
the Tupperware right I as long as it end
ends up in the cup that's all that
matters oh okay so I'm just supposed to
go in the bathroom and just do it off
imagination well yeah I mean I got a
laptop set up in there it's got a couple
tabs open already I highly recommend 3
minutes and 59 seconds on the first tab
oh tell me that's not the hottest [ __ ]
you've ever seen oh and in the third tab
tell me how she fits eight basketballs
in her rump I'm a doctor and I couldn't
even figure that out okay it's just this
is really weird I've never done
something like this before have you oh
yeah I do it all the time I've donated
three times today you've donated oh yeah
every time I'm stressed out I just go in
there and make a donation I don't know
how many kids I got running around out
there okay I'll go do it by myself I
don't like how you keep saying by myself
like you thought we offered some kind of
service I'm starting to question why you
even came here I'm going to go do it
okay I did it you didn't put the lid on
it I'm not good at screwing the lid on
well you can't get your wife pregnant so
you're not good at screwing anything hey
wait a minute why is it all bluish green
like this isn't that what it's supposed
to look like no hold on is that e don't
do that that is Mountain Dew Baja Blast
it is yes you splooge Mountain deww Baja
Blast no no what do you can't get your
wife pregnant your balls are full of
Baja Blast how often do you drink it uh
like 3 to four times a day sweet Jesus
of course you can't get her pregnant and
that's probably why you don't have any
teeth they all rot it off I did sample
too for fun what his is also Baja Blast
well all we drink at my house is Baja
Blast cuz we stay up late and Taco Bell
is the only thing open how are you alive
well what are we supposed to drink water
well water doesn't taste like Baja Blast
well you're going to die in 5 months if
you keep this up so you're telling me I
can never have a kid well look the only
way I can think of in my professional
medical opinion that your wife could get
pregnant is if I hid in your closet and
you went into the bedroom with your wife
and you turned the lights off and before
you guys started you said hold on I got
to get something out of the closet and
then I very sneakily came out of the
closet I bang your wife and she thinks
I'm you and then I when I'm done I go
back in the closet you turn the lights
on and she thinks you got her pregnant
we're not doing that oh come on man be
cool no let me bang your wife no there
has to be another way I can get my wife
pregnant well there is a lame option
artificial insemination what is that
that well it's where I see if I can find
any sperm cells in this thing and then I
take one of those and I take an egg from
your wife and I fertilize it wait get an
egg from Mommy Mommy is a
chicken no Jeffy mommy's not a chicken
every woman has eggs inside their body
scrambled or over easy scrambled when I
get done with them yeah let's just do
the artificial insemination okay that'll
be
$25,000 I don't have that kind of money
yeah closet's looking pretty good isn't
it well can I donate this for money
maybe to a taco B come on give me a deal
okay fine you know what because we're
friends I'll do it for free but really
just because I think everybody should
have to experience the hell of being a
father thank you so much come on Jeffy
we have to get mommy all right I'll work
on getting a sperm out of your Baja
Blast Oh wait [ __ ] which one of these
was Marvin uh uh hold on uh what is it
Forest Gump always says life is like a
box of chocolates you never know what
you're going to get Jenny no no that
wasn't it that didn't help at all uh
with uh right right is right yes right
right yes that's right it's this one
okay Doctor we're back so what's going
on Marvin I'll explain it Marvin's balls
are full of Baja Blast so we need to do
an artificial insemination now I was
only able to find one tiny little sperm
cell in there and he is barely alive so
we don't have time to take your egg out
I just have to go right in oh okay okay
so lay down and spread your legs now
this might hurt a little bit but don't
worry I'm going to numb it first num num
num num num just kidding Marvin just
kidding unless maybe no okay all right
all right here we go I'm going to do it
now you're going to feel something that
feel a little bit like a mustache in my
tongue just kidding Marvin just kidding
unless no okay all right this time for
real so hold still okay I did it you are
now pregnant really Marvin we're going
to have a baby I'm so excited for the
next 9 months I'm going to take care of
you oh don't worry it's not going to
take 9 months no because of all that
Baja Blast it's only going to take about
a minute a minute oh yeah all those
cells are hopped up on sugar so we
should probably just hard cut to her
screaming in
pain calm down calm down doctor can you
do something for the pain can you numb
her well I mean I can but I'd have to
take the mask off first no I mean like
an epidural oh no it's way too late for
that she's going to have to feel all of
it okay now
push
harder all right that's it I'm putting
my hand in
there I was way too
easy oh look at that it's a beautiful
gigantic baby girl who's already wearing
a diaper and has a bow oh my God she's
so beautiful why does she look like
Jeffy oh [ __ ] I mean what are you
talking about she looks just like you no
she looks just like Jeffy uh okay well
look here's what happened uh there were
two cups of Baja Blast and I just kind
of made an educated guess about which
one was yours so Jeffy got my wife
pregnant well technically I got your
wife pregnant with jeffy's kid I mean if
you think about it we all got her
pregnant you brought her here you know
how they say it takes a village to raise
a child well in this case it takes a
village to get your wife pregnant oh
hell no where's no way we're keeping
this kid no Marvin I love her well then
you can run away and be with Jeffy
Marvin that's sick you crossed a line no
this already crossed a line you had a
kid with Jeffy that wasn't my fault it
all happened so fast hey can everybody
just get out of here cuz I'm starting to
feel like this is kind of my fault it is
your fault well I mean look I get over
things quicker when I don't have to look
at them so I think everybody should
leave cuz I'm kind of freaking out right
now okay you know what well what are we
going to do with this kid we're going to
take it home and love her oh no I hate
my life yeah see you're being a father
already Jeffy meet your sister daughter
why did you say daughter because Jeffy
they use your Baja blast instead of mine
so I got mommy pregnant and I didn't
even get to do the fun part Jeffy they
got her pregnant using a needle okay I
know it's small but I say it's bigger
than a needle like a Vienna sausage cut
in half Jeffy I don't think you
understand how serious this is you have
a daughter now what do you want to name
her Jeffy well I've always liked the
name Jessica so I think I'll name her
Jeff if you like Jessica just name her
that I like jeffa oh I like Jeff too
that's an ugly name hey Jeff what doing
okay that's it I I can't do this anymore
I'm living in Hell come on jeffa let's
go outside and play that's a good idea
Jeffy some father daughter brother
bonding I can't do this I can't do this
all right Jeff sh right there but don't
eat the
grass I said don't eat the grass my
turn Jeff where did you go oh [ __ ] hey
Jeffy where's Jeff don't get mad but the
stor took her back what well we were
outside eating grass and the Stork
swooped down and picked her up and flew
off oh my God my baby a stork well it
may have been a hawk a hawk Marvin you
need to call the cops get my baby back
right now well maybe this is for the
best Marvin go call the cops
okay hey there somebody call the cops oh
hey it's you guys how's the baby doing a
hawk took my baby a hawk H did you say a
hawk yeah a hawk well where' the hawk go
up oh yeah that is where Hawks tend to
go can you get my baby back baby back
baby back baby back baby back chilies
baby back ribs barbecue sauce probably
not well why can't you get my baby back
baby back baby back baby back baby back
chilies baby back ribs barbecue sauce
I'm sorry that's just a tick I have
every time someone says baby back baby
back baby back baby back baby back
chilies baby back ribs barbecue sauce
please don't say it again can you get my
baby from the Hulk well how am I
supposed to do that I don't have [ __ ]
wings and I don't even know where the
hawk is it might be on top of some tree
somewhere pecking your baby's eyes out
or or maybe raising your baby as one of
its own if that comforts you okay well
look we weren't supposed to have that
baby anyway it was an Abomination why
don't we use my Baja Blast and get you
pregnant for real oh no I don't think
you guys are fit parents if your baby
got eaten by a hawk I think you should
just be happy with what you got well
today was a b H blast I got to go make a
phone call thank you so much Mr Hawk for
taking that baby yes I app will pay you
right
[Music]
now