all right baby are you ready to watch TV
yeah Marvin I'm excited to watch Shark
Tank oh my films I got you some
SpaghettiOs I never asked for spaghetti
I was Dougie but you look so really all
that be all that hungry I don't look
hungry yes you do here look at least
read it read it what could you have
possibly spelled with SpaghettiOs
they're all O's Marfan please Call of
Duty
[Music]
also these aren't SpaghettiOs these are
alphabet letters the SpaghettiOs only
have O's oh yeah and also my name's not
Marfan it's Marvin I want a muffin I
didn't say muffin look it also also also
I'm not getting you the new Call of Duty
you can buy it yourself but I need it
and I ain't got no job oh you ain't got
a job well I got I got an idea all right
Dougie I got this I thought you was
gonna go get your wallet why would I go
get my wallet to give me 60 dollars so I
can get the game I'm not getting a new
Call of Duty Dougie I got a soup see I
told you you was hungry I'm not hungry
like read it
foreign
episode and you're gonna watch it with
us well see I don't understand why you
gonna sit around watch a bunch of fishes
swim around and take it though when you
can just give me six thousand get a game
look watch this show it might inspire
you to make some money
four sharks who are all billionaires are
looking to invest their money into the
next million dollar product hello my
name is Jonathan and I live in my
mother's basement show sharks how many
of you have went to go watch anime on
your laptop and then all of a sudden you
have to blow your load of boogers so you
grab your tissue and then you blow your
load into it
and now you start watching anime again
but in 15 minutes later all of a sudden
you have to blow another load of boogers
kill you reaching your kitchen boss
punish empty because your mother had you
went to the store in three weeks well
now what are you gonna do you have to
blow your load of boogers and you have
nobody to do it well charge I have
created a solution to let you worldwide
problem
introducing to you so come with me red
wherever I go yes Bad Boy comes with me
and it's machine washable so it's
reusable so it's better for the
environment in its regular tissues and
this bad boy can hold so many loads of
boogers so sure like who's ready to blow
your load of cash with me I I have a
question what material is it made of is
it soft because I have kind of a
sensitive but nose oh I have a shaking
of nose shoe so I made sure to make this
show your selfish products this is made
out of 100 pure Egyptian cotton made in
India can I feel it of course you can
feel it
thank you oh wow this is soft uh yeah ah
you know I actually have to sneeze you
mind if I blow my load of boogers into
this
loads of boogers you need
that did feel good on my nose but
it's kind of a weird smell it smells
kind of salty oh that's because you had
to use it on your way here I had to blow
a quick load of boogers into it ew I
have a question how many loads of
boogers can you blow into it I would say
Five Loaves of boogers first you want to
work your Corners okay you want to work
your way towards the middle does it come
in any different colors it only comes in
white so you don't see the booger thing
I don't understand the product it looks
like any towel I would find at a store
shut up lady yes bro that's not meant
for you well I'd like to make an offer
I'll give you 200 for it yo sucker just
take a regular washcloth from Target no
tasty batteries no payoff I knew it
deal is a deal
give me that bad boy
yo my VIPs they just gave that man 200
for a washcloth well usually you're
supposed to invent something and then
the Sharks will invest their money into
it so if I go on the show they're gonna
give me 60 for the new car do this no
they're not gonna give you money for
Call of Duty but if you invent something
and they like it they'll invest their
money and then you can make money for
Call of Duty oh okay I got some music
and ideas keep watching the show I'll be
right back
the sharks are ready to hear the next
invention hello sharks my name is eat
your boy Dougie and my invention is to
give me money box so what you do is you
put money in the box and then on haves
it so who wants to invest I'm out yeah
I'm out I'm out now hold on I have a
question would I put my money in the box
where does the money go it goes in the
box and then I'll takes it out and then
our halves it okay but how do I make
money well you ain't gonna make money
you just gonna make me happy because now
I get the game the game the brand new
Call of Duty I needs it yeah I'm out
what you mean you out you out some money
I know you ain't off the money because I
know you rich yeah I know you can afford
to give me 60 leave okay I'll take my
money box somewhere else Marvin the mean
sharks on TV was mean they said no to my
vision and I know it's a good idea
because I'm like Thomas Edison it's not
a good idea Doug it's just a box that
says give me money on it what does
anyone else want to invaps no what's it
that was on TV I'm famous so I'll only
charge you sixty dollars for my
autograph I don't want an autographed
Dougie if you want sixty dollars that
bad go get a job
orphan the fairs in town can we go no
all the rides make me nauseous well we
don't have to ride rides we can just
play games and win prizes but the games
are scams last time I lost a hundred
dollars
more films
say scam and a hundred dollars so all I
got to do is set up a game and people
will give me a hundred dollars no the
games at the fair scammed they charge
you a lot of money to win cheap prizes
so I wouldn't suggest doing that oh
thanks for the idea muffin man you can
have my box ducky come on come on W's
dunkaroo oh I want to play the game yeah
me too all right well let me tell you
how to play first you pay me ten dollars
and then you get two shots if one of
your shots makes it one of these holes
whatever the number next to the hole is
is how much money you got to pay me so
if it goes into 10 hole you got to pay
me ten dollars if it goes into 50 oh you
gotta pay me fifty dollars wait so we
have to pay to play and then we have to
pay again if we win yeah well then why
would we even play because it's really
fun look I even give you two free shots
go ahead ooh a free shot I'll go first
oh I almost made it okay oh I get 10.
all right now you owe me ten dollars
wait you said it was free to play whoa
it's free to shoot a shot but if it goes
in the whole year over 10 knots this is
ridiculous I'm not paying come on Junior
wait I'm gonna call it a popo you
stealing for me hey there somebody
called the cops about a robbery I did Mr
police officer man because some kid
don't stole $10 from me okay way to go
he went that way wearing glasses and a
shirt so he just ran up and stole your
money well no what I have is this game
called Doug is dunkaroo and what you do
is you pay me ten dollars and I give you
two shots and if one of your balls goes
in one of the holes whatever the number
next to it is how much money you got to
pay me well the kid made it in a ten
dollar home he ain't give me no ten
dollars well I can't say you blame him I
mean this kind of sounds like [ __ ]
well what I did was I gave him two free
shots and so he made one of them in the
ten dollars and he ain't paying me no
this kind of sounds like you're trying
to scam people well the fair does it
well yeah but that's the fair this is
somebody's house what Dougie what are
you doing welcome to Dougie's dunkaroo
what you do is you pay me ten dollars no
no no he's trying to scam people out of
the money so yeah I told you not to do
that why ain't I mean Julia told me to
Fair didn't that you got scammed out of
a hundred dollars at the fair
you two should probably just get out of
here come on let's go oh I want to play
this by myself
damn it oh Doug yeah I cannot believe
you tried scamming people but you told
me I could lose it because the fan done
did it to you no I never said you could
do it Marvin keep it down I'm trying to
read my book well I got an idea of how
you can make money Dougie you could try
writing a book because the Harry Potter
books have made billions of dollars but
Marvin he said earlier he can't read
yeah Mom VIPs you'll just be trying to
make fun of my disabilities no I'm just
trying to help you make money so you can
get your stupid game because writing a
book would make you a lot of money I
guess I could try writing the books hey
can I borrow your boobs oh yeah I think
you'll like it it's about a boy named
Harry Potter and he casts spells what
type of smells no he casts spells he's a
wizard okay I think I know what I'm just
gonna writes about I can't believe you
gave Dougie your book Marvin I think I
think nice your friend is trying to read
oh Marvin I wrote my books books Harry
Potter
unknown smell was his Harry Potter
Dougie that was very inappropriate and
you didn't write that book all you did
was tape a picture to the front of her
book my Harry Potter book well I'm just
trying to get some money for the game
listen Dougie if you're this desperate
for money why don't you donate a kidney
what's a kidney well it's something in
your body you have two of them and you
can donate one for money well how they
gonna get sit out they're gonna do
surgery and cut it out well that's gonna
hurt yeah it's gonna hurt but it'll make
you money oh Manny well I got me is an
idea all right my bibs I got my kidney
what ducky that's not your kidney yes it
is no that's made out of Play-Doh no
it's not I see the container right there
don't tell nobody I'm not gonna tell
anyone Dougie but no one's gonna fall
for this No One's Gonna think this is
your kidney hey there somebody call a
doctor you called a doctor yeah cause I
gotta get the money for the game yeah Mr
doctor man I want to sell my kidney for
sixty dollars but okay hold on I have a
number of questions first of all how did
you even get your kidney out I pooped it
out but you just you pooped it out yeah
I was sitting on the toilet and I was so
really constipated and then after I went
boo boo I got up and I looked down and
said there go my kidney so if you go my
kidney I didn't even know it was
possible to poop your kidney out how
long has it been out because it only
stays good for a few hours if it's not
on ice for about four or five minutes
okay and you only want to sell it for
sixty dollars yeah well how much can I
give for it I mean kidneys usually go
for thousands okay well then that no no
you said sixty dollars oh well plus
passes and see taxes and fees on what
the new the new Call of Duty okay wait
wait so you want the new Call of Duty
for your kidney yeah so if I go get you
Call of Duty you will give me your
kidney yeah that's a deal I mean that
seems like a good deal for me I mean we
actually do have a patient who needs a
kidney okay I'll be right back with Call
of Duty you you can't let him take this
kid you got to tell them the truth that
someone actually needs it well I really
need the game okay I'm back with a new
Call of Duty
yeah I just have to get this kidney back
to the little eight-year-old boy who
really needs it oh that's something I
gotta tell you sorry I'm in a hurry hey
you just saved a license
to you oh that's [ __ ] up but at least
I got a new Call of Duty I just got a
new Call of Duty I just got a new
continuity I just got a new Call of Duty
so now I'm gonna play it Dougie that kid
is gonna die because you gave my fake
kidney why that kid already has two
knees anyway how many more knees does he
need what well I'm just gonna play the
game so hold on
what's wrong doctor well I got all the
way back to the hospital and I told that
little boy and his family
congratulations you're gonna live I
found a new kidney for you so they all
celebrated and cried and then when I
went to go put the kidney in I realized
it was Play-Doh and I ate it because
Play-Doh smells delicious so now my
stomach hurts and that little boy's mad
at me because he thinks I ate his kidney
and it's all his fault and he owes me
sixty dollars because I bought him Call
of Duty well I got not be occupies you
back come on
welcome to Dougie's dunkaroo no no no I
don't want to play this game it's a scam
well this time the rules is different
for every hole that you make that's how
much money I pay you okay yeah I like
that but you got to do it with this ball
okay
damn it
oh damn it oh damn it
damn it oh damn it oh damn it
oh damn it ah damn it oh damn this game
is hard damn it
damn it
God damn it damn it
[Music]