I can't believe summer break's over
already I know dude I feel like we
didn't even do anything oh come on guys
don't get your panties in a bunch it's
school and you can't spell school
without cool and taking out the H cuz
otherwise it would just be kahol oh yeah
and I guess you have to take out the S
too but you can't spell school without
the letters in cool you can't spell your
mom without fat you can't well no no no
because the letters f a and t don't even
show up in your mom so that shows how
much you guys know this is why you have
to go to school welcome back class today
is the first day of school and to
celebrate you have a bunch of homework
we have to make up for all that time you
had off during summer break a bunch of
homework come on it's the first day of
school teach give us a break oh come on
guys you were just complaining we didn't
do anything all summer but now we have
homework isn't that exciting yippee W I
don't want to hear any complaint class
two months in no school you could have
forgotten everything you were r here so
this is going to help you remember come
on guys he's right knowledge is power
dude flip his desk one more time please
hold on guys look at the drawing I just
did of the
teacher no way dude tiny wee wee that's
messed up Junior let me see let me see
pass it to Cody pass it to Cody here
dude that's that's a good one hey Cody
what do you have on your desk show me
Junior take your picture back it's not
my picture yeah that's all you bro guys
Cody show me that right now no not thing
it's it's it's a picture of Sonic the
Hedgehog naked I'm one of those weird
kids Cody show me what you have in your
desk right now no he has a really big
dong I don't think you really want to
see show me
coder you have bunch of homework I have
tiny wee wee I Didn't Do It Junior drew
it I did not draw that it was Cody yeah
Cody did it oh no dude I am going to
tell the principal r no guys tell the
truth what's wrong Cody stop being a
wimp it's the first place
school I'm going to get in
trouble all right Cody the principal is
on his way and I'm going to show him
this just tell him the truth Junior tell
him the godamn
K someone call the
principal oh no the principal here is
Joseph okay Mr CH why did you summon me
here for my comfortable office cuz
student over there in the glasses his
name is Cody and he drew this let me get
a peek he drew this he did Cody come
here you drew this no don't lie to me
boy don't lie to the principal if you do
you're going to be
expelled okay fine I drew it do you know
what I'm going to do to you for drawing
this I'm going enter you to the
inational drawing competition wait what
yeah this drawing is magnificent it's
the best we've ever seen mhm M and we
enter one student every year in the
international drawing competition but we
lose but you you have a gift boy wait a
minute wait a minute I drew that drawing
stop taking credit for other people's
work you didn't do this you're suspended
for lying but you you're a genius I need
you to bring that a game tomorrow cuz
the competition is tomorrow okay but but
I didn't draw this stop being modest I
need you to bring that a game cheu I
think you found us a winner I know my
eyes may be strant but I know good
talent when I see it mhm I'm out
what this isn't fair oh great Junior now
I'm entered into some stupid drawing
competition and I don't even know how to
draw I know how to draw it should be me
in that competition well that's what you
get for line Junior you should have
fessed up in the beginning well I
thought I was going to get in trouble I
didn't know I was going to be entered
into a competition well seriously Junior
what are we going to do because if I
don't win this competition I'm pretty
sure Steinbeck will literally kill me I
mean just look what he did to Joseph
yeah I think Joseph is going to be out
for the whole video h pel can you come
back to my house and help me and Cody
think of a plan
okay all right Cody what's the plan well
I suck at drawing so I guess I'm going
to have to learn how to draw a don't say
that Cody I'm sure you're decent at
drawing no no I'm terrible come on Cody
show us how you can draw show us
something okay um draw a cat but a cat
that's that's the one that meows right
yeah draw it um okay so it's that what
the hell a tail there what I got four
legs so that's what those are and then
uh it's got two ears right two and then
some whiskers and then there's a little
eye there you go that's a cat you suck
at drawing Cody yeah that's horrible
Cody oh yeah it's not like I just told
you that okay no no there's no way you
can draw in this competition you're
going to lose I know so what are we
going to do I don't know wait Junior
you're really good at drawing right uh
it's not like they were just Googling
over my drawing saying was amazing and
interal competition yeah I'm good at
drawing okay so what if you were to draw
for Cody in the competition how is that
even going to work Penelope they're
going to see him drawing yeah like that
doesn't make it I got an idea Cody how
many of those ugly blue shirts do you
have I have a whole closet full okay
grab me one okay okay Junior I brought
you two shirts and I don't think they
look ugly in fact I think they look
pretty spiffy what was your idea with
the
shirts why did you invite me just wait
and see what my idea is all right Cody
what do you think Junior this is not
going to work how not going to work I'm
inside your shirt my hand sticking out I
can draw for you it's going to work
they're definitely going to see you
sticking out of my back and your legs
are very obvious look they're just going
to think you have back problems or like
you have a boil on your back junior I
feel so constricted I can't even reach
my free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week Junior this is the
dumbest idea you've ever had you look
like the hunchback of notra dumb get
wreck Cody Junior she was insulting you
Junior why don't you just teach Cody how
to draw yeah that makes a lot more sense
Junior oh yeah I guess I could just
teach you I can't even breathe yeah let
me get out of here I'll teach you how to
draw all right Cody are you ready to
learn how to draw like a pro please cuz
I I need help because you're going to
learn how to draw a cat for real not
whatever the hell this thing is yeah I
hope not okay so start off with a medium
Circle um man that's that's pretty big
draw another medium Circle right next to
it uh over
here okay now put dots in between each
one wait are you making me draw boobies
no no these are not boobies okay so now
I want you to draw the nose so you draw
like a upside down three leaf clover
what an upside down three leaf clover
like between the the the the booby
things what like
like yes just like that now now draw a
round W connecting to the nose a round
like like that yeah like that like that
okay now put dots in between the W um
like just yeah dots all over it oh okay
just a lot of dots a lot of dots now put
whiskers I do lines coming out each side
what um like
uh that yeah yep yep now now do like a
little like scribbly like like round
like like scribbly under circle like
half circle underneath that for the
mouth wait so
like kind of no no no scribble all the
way around it scribble all the way
around doing
that um yeah yeah like that now now give
it two triangle ears
um how that yeah yeah there it is there
it is Boom isn't that a cat I mean it's
better than what I did see look you're
getting better so now if we just do this
all night you'll eventually draw a
professional looking cat I don't think
this is going to work Junior I don't
think I'm going to get any better okay
how about this during the drawing
competition you have a walkie-talkie
earpiece in your ear and I'll have a
walkie-talkie and I'll tell you exactly
how to draw it what you telling me what
to draw isn't going to help it's still
going to suck well I just told you how
to draw this and look that cat looks a
lot better than whatever that thing is I
mean I'm not going to win a competition
with this okay you know what Cody you
suck at drawing how about that you just
suck and we're we're going to lose I
know that's what I've been saying this
whole time wait I got an idea what if
you call the principal and say that you
broke both your hands and you can't draw
tomorrow wait yeah that actually could
work cuz if my hands are broken I can't
draw yeah so call the principal and say
you fell off your bike and you broke
both your hands and you just can't draw
tomorrow okay yeah okay I'm calling the
principal it's
ringing hot Ms in my area you say bring
to
me who is
this hello principal Stein backck
speaking uh hello it's me Cody oo the
young Picasso how are you boy oh I was
riding my bike home today and I crashed
do you need another bike uh no I I I
crashed and I broke both my hands so I
can't draw well draw with your toes I
broke all of those too listen boy we
need you for this drawing competition
okay we have never won and we need to
win at least one time I promise my mom
on her deathbed that we would win at
least once and you're going to win it
for us okay you you're going to Win It
Go screw me over
boy now where are the hot
Mills so what do you say we're good you
don't have to draw in the competition no
I can't back out he seems pretty
committed but you broke both your hands
oh yeah he didn't really seem to care so
you still have the draw you're going to
lose I have an idea Junior why don't you
just dress up like Cody like wear his
glasses his overalls his bow tie yeah
that actually seems like a really good
idea Cody you really think a girl can
come up with a good idea well yeah I
thought it was a good idea who invented
the airplane the right Brothers not the
right sisters okay but Amelia aart went
around the world or whatever and got
lost if a man would have been flying
that plane she wouldn't have gotten lost
who invented peanut butter George
Washington Carver two George Washington
did two good things first president and
invented peanut butter how many female
presidents are there Cody well we have a
female vice president if the girls get
lucky then she'll take over if something
the other one dies whatever what' you
say just dress up like Co dumb I know I
got an idea I can just dress up like
Cody and then they'll think I'm Cody
that's literally what Penelope just said
are you serious right now I'm leaving
every woman says that eventually in
every relationship all right Cody I'm
going dress up like you okay all right
Cody what do you think wow Junior you
look pretty good I think we might
actually pull this off yeah so I'm going
to win the drawing competition and when
everyone's screaming Cody Cody I'm going
to take these glasses off and this
outfit and let them know who really drew
that picture well don't do that when
they know you're not me you might get
disqualified or something well I want
want people to know that I'm good at
drawing you're so stupid you get all the
credit for that dumb drawing but it was
my drawing no no Junior it doesn't
matter that you're good at drawing okay
we just need to win this competition but
I want people to know I'm the one that's
good at drawing it doesn't matter Junior
the most important thing is that we
don't get caught okay fine I'm going to
win I won't say anything hello and
welcome to the international drawing
competition where drawers from around
the world compete to see who's the best
today we have two brilliant contest
in this corner jacqu Pierre
Francois no no stupid American can beat
me in Jo he may be in his 40s but he
never graduated the fifth grade and in
this corner we have Cody
nutus okay boy you better win this
competition the whole school is counting
on you to win plus my dead mom so you
got this go okay on the count of three
both of you you will draw the best dog
you can whoever draws the best dog wins
a dog well good thing Cody's not really
drawing he only learned how to draw a
cat 1 2 3
draw using a shelie what if you mess up
I never mess
up all right time's up stop drawing it
is now time for me to come around and
choose a winner all right jock strap how
does your drawing look it is not my best
work but it is pretty decent how about
yours my drawing is the best drawing of
a dog this world's ever going to see and
I'm going to win this competition all
right boys let's see what you did check
out my drawing oh that's not bad I like
the bark bark really lets you know what
you're looking at yeah I didn't want you
get confused cuz I'm really good at
drawing cats so I wanted to make it look
like a dog so I said bark bark so you
knew it was a dog okay sh let's see what
you did Jesus Christ that's that's the
best picture of a dog I've ever seen
well the winner for the 20th year in a
row to the surprise of absolutely nobody
is jacqu Pierre
Francois I could beat these kids any day
like taking candy from a baby oh that
frog eting fridman he beats US every
year I'm sorry principal I tried to win
I know you tried real hard Cody you're
only suspended for 2 weeks this time I
mean that is a really good drawing of a
dog I know phenomenal yeah we should
probably stop letting him compete this
happens every year it's getting pretty
old you know people stop competing cuz
they just don't think they can beat them
I'm sorry Cody I tried to win it's okay
Junior it was impossible to beat him but
hey I have no school for the next 2
weeks since I'm suspended I'm suspended
too oh hey we can hang out for 2 weeks
dude oh hey Joseph you're alive I have a
headache what happened a door hit you in
the head oh yeah but something bad
happened to me and Cody oh what's
wrong there he goes
[Music]
m