so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude hold on guys I got
something I'm coming Cody you just
interrupted Joseph yeah dude but I got
Grouch couch let Joseph finished so
Joseph is there anything you want to do
today h i don't know dude I'm bored all
right Cody now is there anything you
want to do today you guys want to play
Grouch couch what's Grouch couch it's a
board game about a grouchy couch his sh
peipi was a couch he be grouchy it's the
furniture with Attitude game this couch
is red just like my couch Chef Pei was a
couch he be grouchy and look it says
Grouch couch will come alive and eat
your treats Chef peee was a couch be
Grouch we heard you it wasn't funny
that's why we didn't react well damn um
so how do you play oh oh well I I think
you just feed them treats or whatever oh
wow it says you can play with five or
more people what no Junior that says you
have to be 5 years old or older to play
five or more people would be insane 100
people could play this game that would
mean the entire world could play this
game but four people couldn't oh okay I
see now it says five plus age yeah so
you guys want to play grb couch nah n
okay never mind no let's just watch
yeah Jesus hey there would you like to
make $100 million or give it to charity
well tonight we're going to have the box
Mike Tyson for charity event now if you
submit your name tonight we're going to
have a raffle and if your name is chosen
you get to box Mike Tyson and if you win
you get $100 million but if you lose it
goes to charity I want to say one thing
though you're going to [ __ ] die yeah
I'm going to eat your children I'm going
step on your freaking testicles and then
when you're on the brink of death oh
I'mma bottle your last breath and put it
out to see is going to wash up on a
random island with some random stranger
who's almost on the brink of death
himself he's starving he's thirsty he
needs something to eat he sees the
bottle he opens it thinking it's
something to drink in there is it is it
no no it's your breath and then you
possess him right now you're him and
then you stuck on the island for like
weeks no months until you're on the
brick of death right and then and then
you see a helicopter in the air no no a
plane you think it's a rescue plane is
that a rescue plane no it's me hop out
with a parachute with my boxing gloves
with to beat your ass again yeah so if
you want that to happen to you submit
your name now whoa guys we should enter
our name in that drawing so one of us
can fight Mike Tyson I'm not entering
that [ __ ] yeah dude you're asking to be
buried but we could win a $100 million
if you beat Mike Tyson which you're not
going to do but what if I punch him in
the right spot on his Temple like right
on the side of his head and knock him
out well he's not just going to let you
do that Junior he's going to beat your
ass yeah he eats ears for a living dude
but guys we could win $100 million but
you could also die well well if I die
they donate $100 million to charity and
I'll be in the history books for that
big donation well yes but Junior I don't
think you understand just how much of a
killing machine he is like let me show
you some of his old fights from the 9s
like let me show you his fight with
archal put up your dukes Hamilton theii
OH bro that was a sick knock out yeah he
killed him
watch I say good sir put up your dukes I
challenge you to fisty cuffs easy
[ __ ] day your shoes is UN tight on my
word is it
[Music]
yeah I'm a champ again I can't be
stopped yes in muching time with the
cheese dip whoa dude he killed his ass
there go big mik yeah junior he punched
all the water out of his body the guy
died of dehydration that was a brutal
knockout now let me show you his fight
with baby hands McGee baby hands McGee
yeah he was a boxer with a normalized
body but abnormally Babys sized hands
I'm here with baby hands McGee how do
you feel about the fight baby hands you
know I'm feeling pretty good my hands
may be small but I'mma beat Mike Tyson's
a okay good luck with that dingding
fight I'm the [ __ ] chair the best
ever who can beat me nobody it's ear
munching time [ __ ] oh there he goes
eating the ears wow he killed baby hands
McGee yeah doesn't that convince you not
to fight Junior uh well no because he
had very tiny hands he didn't have a
chance okay okay well then let me show
you his fight with Clarence the giant
Clarence the giant yeah he had a huge
height Advantage yeah he was favored to
win dude but watch the outcome I'm here
with Clarence the giant how you feeling
Clarence my mom got a pet parent named
dodo cool let's talk to Mike Tyson hey
Mike how do you feel about Clarence
having a pet parrot named dodo oh parrot
are cool but pigeons are the ultimate
[ __ ] birds so I unfortunately you
have to beat his ass well how do you
feel about him being bigger than you oh
it's nothing it's like James in the
Giant Peach I'm James he's a giant peach
it's time to make some [ __ ] PJ watch
out old man okay ding ding
fight the [ __ ] Champ who can beat
me time
[ __ ] see Junior there he goes eating up
ears left and right like literally the
left ear and the right ear yeah he can't
be stopped dude so you really want to
fight that guy I don't want to fight him
but I think I should at least enter my
name into the raffle and if God picks my
name then I'll fight him so you going to
leave it up to it's not God deciding
Junior it's a raffle I know but if my
name just so happens to get chosen then
it's my turn to try to get $100 million
and knock out Mike Tyson you don't have
to do this I want to do it because I
want a chance to win $100 million so
look I'm going to let God decide okay
okay I put my name in the Hat wait what
yeah like they're downstairs with a hat
oh okay look the result of the drawing
hey there it's time for the drawing to
see who gets to fight Mike Tyson now
I've got a handful of names here but not
too many though cuz I guess not many
people want to get beat up by Mike Tyson
yeah a lot of idiots in this hat now
let's see who the lucky winner is more
like unlucky H let's see I have Junior
no last name or address or anything but
if your name is Junior come on down hey
camera man get a little closer huh hey
Junior you're going to [ __ ] die I'm a
bottle up your last breath s it out the
sea so guy on the island Mike you
already said that well Junior you're
going to [ __ ] die yeah get cash get
ready buddy so come on down in the next
5 minutes yeah practice taking your last
breath guys I won I actually won but but
did you really win though did you want
to win though I mean guys Ian God picked
my name and it's my turn yeah it's your
turn to get brutally murdered no guys
listen I could possibly win $100 million
if I just hit Mike Tyson right in the
temple just like like right here I could
knock him out Jesus you don't even know
anything about boxing Junior you haven't
trained well I mean I know I know that
that no no Junior at least go have a
training montage a training montage yeah
even if it's only 10 seconds please just
have a quick Montage so you at least
know
something okay I'll do thing
[Music]
[Applause]
all right guys I'm feeling good that was
a really nice Montage I don't know I
think it should have been longer all
right guys who's going to come with me
to my
fight not me dude I'll watch on TV my
bad wait you don't want to come like be
in my ring and like you know rub my
shoulders and be like come on champ I'm
not rubbing a dude's shoulders and I
don't want to see you you know croak you
feel me so I got to place a parlay on
you bro wa is is he betting against me
yeah I think he's betting against you oh
okay okay well um Cody you want to come
watch me fight yeah sure [ __ ] it I can
give you CPR put my tongue in your mouth
hey it's me Junior I'm the guy for the
Mike Tyson event wait a minute this is
you yeah okay good we've been waiting
for you oh well you don't have to check
my ID to make sure I'm the real Junior
no we don't have time for all that the
fight's tonight we got to get started so
what we're doing here is a press
conference so I'm going to ask you a few
questions to get people interested in
the fight cuz not a lot of people know
this is going on cuz this is all very
very sudden okay okay so first question
Junior what are you going to do to Mike
Tyson I'm going to hit him in the face a
lot oh big words what do you think of
that Mike how sweet you remind me of a
little teddy bear I had as a kid I
ripped his [ __ ] head off when I was 4
years old in 80 cents size cuz thought
it was cotton candy and it wasn't so I
got really mad now I'm really mad and
I'm going to rip your head off and eat
Joy insid like it's cotton candy and if
it's not I'm going to murder your whole
family well Junior what do you think of
Mike Tyson killing you and eating your
insides like cotton candy I thought this
was a boxing match it is this is how we
boxes so how many rounds do you think
the fight's going to go how long is a
boxing match usually 12 rounds then I
think it's going to last 12 rounds in
his sweetest [ __ ] dreams hey do me a
favor say something say Mississippi
Mississippi yeah you'll be dead before
ippy [ __ ] you hear that folks dead
before ippy now let's go to the ring and
get this fight started yeah okay hello
and welcome to the Mike Tyson charity
boxing match in the blue corner at 5 10
in and weighing
220 lb Mike
Tyson yes I'm Mike here Mr melatonin
Mike cuz I'm about to put his ass to
sleep with Tylenol PM and NyQuil
somebody get him a seatat machine for
that sleepy a he has oh it's going to be
the easiest night of sleep he ever
[ __ ] has oh then I'm rip his hair off
and put some salt and pepper on that
[ __ ] or and paika cuz I love
seasoning oh and then I'm I'mma wash it
down with a nice ass Sprite I love a
good bever Wich oh it's going to be a
perfect ass dinner and in the Red Corner
a kid named Junior that's right it's me
Junior and I'm about to knock him out
and get paid let's get this fight
underway folks all right I want a nice
plain fight no hitting below the belt
and no biting anybody's ear off I'm
talking to you Mike Tyson oh we're
biting ears off today yeah it's all you
can eat ear Buffet BR me that [ __ ]
ear no no no none of that okay so it's
going to be 12 rounds I mean let's be
[ __ ] honest it's going to be like 4
seconds I would last longer in bed with
Margo Robbie then this is going to take
anything you two want to say to each
other before you fight oh it's going to
be real quick I'm going tuck you in very
nicely give you your pacifier knock you
the [ __ ] out put you right in the bed
then I'm going go home and feed my damn
pigeons I would be [ __ ] terrified if
I you you should get ready 3 2 1 fight
[ __ ] I'm the best I'm the [ __ ]
Champion I'm the best ever who think he
thinks he's Sunny listed I'm Jack DIY
I'm a [ __ ] monster I'mma rip off your
heart and eat it praise be the Allah
hold on let me let me see if I can get
him up holy [ __ ] two black guys with one
punch kid are you sure you want to do
this yeah better stay down it's in your
best interest kid what day is it July
Jesus kid I think you should probably
just quit give me a [ __ ] here I here
back Mr give me thous I'm hungry I need
some [ __ ] protein give me that ear
Mike Tyson stop stop trying to bite his
ear let him breathe [ __ ] it Jesus kid
you really shouldn't do this I want to
keep going put me in coach [ __ ] it okay
come on I'm going to do it I'm ready
coach turn around he's that way where
yeah line him up for me where do you
want him uh little to the left okay no
to the right to the all right yeah
perfect okay get ready
go I can't be stopped see time
[ __ ] no no no no hey hey no Mike
Mike you spit him out give me give me
him right now Mike you drop it drop it
hey heyy look at the glove you want the
glove want the glove go get that
glove come on kid let's get the hell out
of here our winner by knockout and eat
and ear is Mike Tyson yeah I am Mike the
[ __ ] best the champ the best ever I
got a belly full of ear I'm be full all
night I'm sleeping good baby yeah
somebody call a doctor to get my stomach
check for infection
all right kid I brought you home did I
win the fight no but you did get your
ear bitten off by Mike Tyson which is a
rare privilege dang it dude I lost my
bet wait you actually bet on Junior to
win no I bet on him to get knocked out
in the first punch but he lasts two
punches I can't believe it did I get the
money no but what you did get is CTE
brain damage so you have that to look
forward
to man I'm so grouchy right now I feel
like Chef peee when he's a couch [ __ ]
what
[Music]