guys I got donuts I love donuts oh me
too dude let's look at them yeah what
what Cody they look so stale dude I
thought you had Krispy Kreme what the
hell is this well Dunkin Donuts was on
the way and Krispy Kreme was 10 minutes
in the other direction but Krispy Kreme
is clearly better Cody yeah they make
them in-house with fresh icy yeah yeah
Dunkin Donuts like delivery like two
weeks old look I got Joseph's damn
coffee so hop off my [ __ ] okay so yes
sir Joseph how do you like your coffee
black
okay Cody I got the napkins okay wipe it
up but be careful it's really hot oh
Cody what happened against feet yeah oh
my God the coffee was so hot it melted
Ken's feet off what am I gonna suck on
now that's some hot coffee dude come on
Cody what would happen if you would have
draped that coffee it probably would
have melted my throat Junior that coffee
was way too hot we gotta call the doctor
and we should call the lawyer cause I'm
gonna sell Dunkin Donuts today okay I'll
call the doctor hey there somebody call
a doctor and I also brought my lawyer
outfit because somebody said something
about a lawsuit yes Dad dude I was
drinking Dunkin Donuts coffee and I
spilled it and it melted my boyfriend's
feet off okay well I have two problems
with that one why were you drinking
Dunkin Donuts Coffee Starbucks is far
superior and two wow that coffee must
have been really hot that's why we
called you the coffee was so hot it
burnt plastic doctor my boyfriend will
never walk again dude he was a doll he's
never walking anywhere
you know what why don't you just get out
of here okay you know what I'm out of
here so doctor what can we do about this
well I think you're definitely right to
sue them because that coffee was way too
hot so hold on let me get my lawyer
outfit all right let's talk lawsuit this
is my lawsuit no okay so you want to sue
Dunkin Donuts right yeah that's right
because my boyfriend is gonna have to
suffer years of pain and suffering he
can't feel the thing dude because he's a
dog get the hell out of here I'm just
saying he's a dog I just mean like he's
like
you know what I'm out of here okay so
I'm sorry where were we uh you were
suing Dunkin Donuts yes that's right I
want to sue Dunkin Donuts well okay I
think you have a case so let's go to
court
we'll take my car come on
[Applause]
today we will be hearing the games of
Cody notchkiss versus Dunkin Donuts Cody
is saying that Dunkin Donuts made their
coffee too hot and it burned the face
off of his boyfriend
coder explain your explanatory
explanations well your honor I picked up
some donuts from Dunkin Donuts for my
friends and they wouldn't hop off my
[ __ ] about me not getting Krispy Kreme
so I was going to angrily take a sip of
Dunkin Donuts terrible coffee but then
it was so hot I dropped the cup on my
boyfriend's feet and as you can see the
coffee melted his feet beyond all
recognition
yes his feet do look like melted caramel
the lawyer for Dunkin Donuts what do you
have to say about the allegations of
your coffee being too hot and whatnot
hello my name is Mr Goodman and I'm the
lawyer representing Dunkin Donuts today
Dunkin Donuts has provided me with their
statement that they would like me to
read in court allow me to read it they
say and I quote coffee is hot no [ __ ] be
careful when you drink it coffee hot
coffee be like that yes coffee do be
like that let the record show coffee
doobie like that Kodak what do you have
to say about coffee hot coffee doobie
like that well no [ __ ] it's coffee I I
think what my client is trying to say
that yes we all know coffee is hot and
coffee do be like that I think we can
all agree with that but there's no
reason that Dunkin Donuts coffee should
be so hot it burns a doll's feet off
he's not a dog let the record show he's
not a doll continue your honest my
client was just trying hard emphasis on
trying to enjoy a couple of that
horrible awful disgusting diarrhea drink
that Dunkin Donuts calls coffee now I
don't know why someone would choose
Dunkin Donuts for coffee when there's so
many better Alternatives I mean
Starbucks is way better and even
McDonald's is a close second their
caramel frappe is the [ __ ] I mean when
their machine works but even Dunkin
Donuts donuts are crap and Krispy Kreme
is way better I mean they say American
runs on Duncan Now American runs from
Duncan but but no I'm rambling you're on
it my point here is that what few
customers Dunkin Donuts does have should
not have to worry about their feet being
scalded off if a spill should occur now
I don't know how much we're trying to
get out of Dunkin Donuts because I don't
even know how they make any money but
his boyfriend can never walk again and
how much do you think that's worth let's
do bring a tear into my eyes I turn it
for Dunkin Donuts how could you possibly
defend this well your honor all Dunkin
Donuts says in their statement is coffee
hot and coffee be like that I mean it
goes without saying that coffee is hot
and that you should be careful with it
I wish I could see just how hot this
coffee was does anyone have a cup of
Dunkin Donuts coffee yes sir I have a
cup of Dunkin Donuts coffee right here
not yes bring me this hot Bean Juice
here you go thank you I will now taste
the hotness of this coffee
oh Jesus that is a very hot coffee I
find Nintendo that do that guilt again
together oh
yay we won yes Justice was served you
hear that can we win I ordered Dunkin
Donuts to pay
17
teams oh
you could take the mystery box which one
will you choose well I'm obviously gonna
take the 20 million dollars no no hold
on kid that mystery box could be
anything what if it's 40 million dollars
well I I think I'm just gonna play it
safe and take the 20 million and I think
that's good enough for me but but what
if it's a hundred million dollars I
don't think a hundred million dollars is
gonna fit in that little box well what
if it's a check for 100 million dollars
what if it's a check for a billion
dollars it could be literally anything
no I don't really think we're gonna take
the mystery box what are you doing look
look I'm your lawyer I know what's best
for you and I want to see what's in that
box good Choice hmm there you go don't
open it in here if it's a million
dollars I wouldn't want you to be sworn
no shoot go home go to John all right
kid I promise you won't regret this
let's go home and open this bad boy all
right let's see what's in this Mystery
Box Cody what is this well in the
lawsuit with Dunkin Donuts we had a
choice between 20 million dollars and a
mystery box and we picked the mystery
box trust me kid whatever's in here is
gonna be worth way more than 20 million
dollars it could be a deed to a private
island or even the Mona Lisa let's open
it up okay can I open it yeah sure
Junior okay
uh guys it's a box of [ __ ] Dunkin
Donuts yeah but did somebody say free
scan the QR code kid I don't want to
scan the QR code because I don't want
the goddamn donut it says one dozen
donuts let's look
it's not even a full dozen donuts this
is literally just somebody's leftover
Donuts yeah kid uh I'm sorry I I know I
just my curiosity got the best of me we
really should have taken that 20 million
dollars God damn you just
why don't we just go buy another Kindle
and put the legs on that doll on this
kid junior we can't just replace Ken I'm
not saying replace Ken I'm saying get a
whole nother Ken doll break the legs off
and put them on your kin okay but I
don't even know if they still sell Ken's
oh let me grab my phone okay Cody I got
my phone
um it doesn't look like they sell him
anywhere I told you Junior he's a one of
a kind piece of ass you can't just buy
him okay the closest you're gonna find
is on Grindr okay well I have a bunch of
action figures in my room Cody I can go
grab them we can like take the legs off
them and put them on Ken I guess it's
worth a shot
all right Cody these are the only three
GI Joes I have oh look at the yams on
him damn oh man he could crush my head
with those what about this one Cody
um it doesn't really match the rest of
Ken what are you talking about I think
he's perfect well he's fine but what
about this guy in the middle he's like
his mouth is all weird nope what about
this one this one's like perfect well
it's you know you know what his legs are
too thin that's what it is they're too
thin are you sure it has anything to do
with him being black but no no of course
not it's just the leg they're too thin I
like this guy better he's the legs are
all beefy and you're sure you don't want
this one yes I'm sure I like I like this
one damn okay so not this one no it's a
junior no I'm going with this one okay
hear that everyone he doesn't want this
one it's just because of the leg thing
it's not not like that it's just this
guy look at his legs damn look at that
okay sure buddy don't don't say it like
that okay Junior we have to take the
legs off of him and put those legs on
him get started well I don't know where
to start I'm not a doctor did somebody
say doctor no no you get the hell out of
here well look kid I'm sorry about the
whole donut thing and I want to make it
up to you by doing the surgery that you
want to do for free okay fine all right
get out of my way everybody I'm gonna do
surgery
ale his name is Ken 24 years old he's a
doll he's not a dog that day okay not a
doll we're doing a double leg transplant
okay nurse scalpel
here you go doctor
[Music]
right leg amputated right leg amputated
nurse McDonald's Sprite McDonald's Sprat
how the hell am I supposed to drink it I
have a mask on throw my mask down sorry
doctor
[Music]
okay mascot okay
okay left leg amputated left leg
amputated okay come here Max Steel
[Music]
nurse tape what goddamn tape give me the
tape okay
[Music]
he's perfect the perfect man doctor his
legs aren't in socket look they wanted a
miracle I gave him a miracle okay all
right I'm gonna take him back all right
kid there's your boyfriend oh wow look
at those hips looking like a Pixar mom
this video should be called thick can
yeah did I do good or did I do good oh
you did great doctor but uh how long
does that tape have to stay on there oh
you know I'd probably leave it on for a
few days weeks months years forever you
know just just don't take it off well do
you think he's in any pain oh no no he's
not in any pain look at that face he he
is happy well can we put his shorts on I
don't want him walking around with his
hog out uh yeah hold on
yeah there you go good as new oh that's
great thanks Doc all right uh yeah
Cody he looks weird of course he looks
weird junior he just got out of surgery
the anesthesia's probably still wearing
off his legs just whatever you just
gotta get used to him come on Ken let's
go home
[Music]