oh man I love me some KFC cheese folk
it's so good at maybe want to slap my
mama hey block Yoshi I'm about to watch
TV what I was about to play the Atma the
Xbox yeah well you can play the Xbox
later I want to watch TV more you're
you're so greedy
[Music]
breaking news okay Popeyes has released
a new chicken sandwich that's selling
out all across America we have Brooklyn
tea guy on the scene to tell us what all
the fuss is about Brooklyn
hello I'm standing outside Popeyes where
people are going buck bok ba-cock for
their new chicken sandwich
now they sold out right now but I'm
standing here with Jamal who is lucky
enough to get one of those chicken
sandwiches before it's sold out
tell us Jamal how is it oh hi
well you heard it here first folks it
good now Jamal I I noticed you don't
have a shirt now why is that
oh I can't afford a shirt I spent all my
money on cheap you know well hey hey we
rollin we getting this how about I give
you my shirt off my back
oh really thanks man I deserve it don't
it yeah yeah yeah okay I just just make
sure you get this okay so much yeah
there you go kid no smile all right I
just gave this poor little boy the shirt
right off my back what a nice thing for
me to do huh
wow thanks missile yeah back to you
Goodman like I look good right I look
good yeah now give me back my shirt oh
wow people are really going crazy over a
chicken sandwich you see that black
Yoshi what black you're not gonna get
poop on Geordi I can't see what more
your can see old is stale and it
bits it it's only been sitting out for
two minutes what sandwich okay you want
a poopoo sandwich go to the bathroom
well you know what I be talking about
you know I want to poop but black of
judgment right now it's called Popeyes
and you're not getting it because you're
already at KFC well I just really really
really really really be worn to poop I'm
like yo she's they you did you hear the
news they're all sold out of sandwiches
they don't have any well maybe they got
some in the bag okay well then how about
you go there and see if they have it in
the back I'm on but really you gotta
find out no I don't got balls ma I know
you'll be having a fire okay black you
fire look here take the $5 and if they
have a chicken sandwiches buy it
you better than Abraham Lincoln Log oh
[Music]
can I keep that poopoo ticket sandwich
we are out with you guys got sitting in
the back I did kind of swim in the
toilet did you do your chores No
then what's the answer um hey no D Jeffy
it's not multiple choice the answer is
no you cannot go swim in the toilet
until you do your chores stupid dad I
wanna do my chores
well Jeffy go do your chores and then
you can go have fun fine daddy
so it's definitely not your mom what are
you talking about oh the vacuum cleaners
not even plugged in your mom's not even
plugged in now you're grounded out you
do your chores well daddy you wanna know
why I think about your vacuum Claire but
what no beats jump
Jeffy you better not drop that document
we know operation day I can't believe
Popeye they have a chicken sandwich
whoops all right doctor what's going on
well he's in a coma coz he took a vacuum
cleaner to the dome I'm talking well is
he gonna be okay yeah what do you mean
huh I mean I don't know he could be in a
coma for days or even years years yeah
nothing you can do well I got him on a
chicken IV drip but it doesn't seem to
be doing anything but it's what he would
have wanted so there's nothing else you
can do well some people think that
people in a coma can still hear us so
maybe we should just try telling him to
wake up
hey hey you wake up wakey wakey wake up
yeah he's not waking up okay doc could
do anything else well if you brought him
something he really really wanted that
might bring him out of the coma bring
him some he really wanted yeah like what
does he really really want I mean he
wanted a Popeye's chicken sandwich but I
don't see how that would help
wait look look his heart rate sped up
when you mentioned popeyes chicken
sandwiches heart rate yeah he must
really want to pop by chicken sandwich
okay well I'll be there sewn up how are
they get a one well you better go find
one okay black you're sure I'll try to
find one okay I got him one what is this
it's a Popeye's chicken sandwich no it's
not okay look it's a KFC chicken
sandwich but you can't tell the
difference oh my god what'd you get this
garlic chicken sandwich out of here well
what am I supposed to do get Popeyes
what are you trying to kill the man boy
I just can't see lights kids see you go
get Popeye he needs Popeye and sold out
okay
don't get it don't you die on me come
here oh man where am I gonna get a
Popeye's Chicken sandwich from oh don't
get that Popeyes chicken sandwich it was
so good
Oh track weenies get up eating a
Popeye's chicken sandwich donkey food
you get it from I got it from Popeyes
and I'm waited in line all day and I
really had to crap donkey but it was
worth it because the second word
resolved
oh I have papaya chicken sandwich well
pokey if you wait about 30 minutes
they'll be one floating in the toilet
for you that's what a spicy popeyes
chicken sandwich smells like old okay
it's crusted away right in my pants
donkey oh and it's kind of creamy too
oh hey you get the Popeye sandwich you
know all the Popeyes are Soto and I
can't find anybody who has one now
well looks like your French is gonna
have to stay in a coma no I'm gonna get
him out of this coma why do you need him
out of the coma so bad like it's my
fault he's in a coma because Jeffy hit
him in the head with a vacuum okay well
it really sounds like it's Jeff he's
full no no if I didn't told you I could
do his chores he would have thrown the
vacuum
okay I'll sounds like a bit of a stretch
but I'm not gonna tell you how to feel
look do you know anywhere I can get a
Popeye's chicken sandwich tonight now
all the Popeyes a closed it's late you
just have to wait till tomorrow
I'm not gonna do this tomorrow I wanna
do it tonight what are you busy tomorrow
is your tomorrow so busy you don't have
time to go to Popeyes well I just want
to get this done tonight because I just
can't stop thinking about it there has
to be a way to get a Popeye's chicken
sandwich tonight like eBay with eBay
yeah I could buy one on eBay and it gets
shipped here you're gonna buy an eBay
chicken sandwich let me get my laptop
all right let's find us a chicken
sandwich oh look there's one five
thousand dollars for a chicken sandwich
well this one's spicy oh okay that's why
it's so expensive it takes a week to get
here a week what are they gonna mail you
an envelope with a chicken sandwich in
it and it takes a week to get here it's
gonna be all moldy by the time it
arrives you really need this can I
borrow $5,000
oh yeah sure let me go get my wallet no
obviously not well it's gonna save his
life look I really don't care that much
look I really need a Popeye's chicken
sandwich okay look I I know a guy who's
good at getting things that aren't get a
bowl what yeah just just go outside and
stand under a streetlamp
which one a day doesn't matter he'll
find you okay wait wait wait bring five
dollars five dollars yeah all right I
actually actually bring a hundred
dollars a hundred dollars
yeah he needs a hundred dollars oh okay
where's this guy at what
and you get the hundred dollars yeah hey
you yeah you yeah
oh who are you I heard you were looking
for a Popeye's chicken sandwich yeah
chicken say oh do you have one Shh be
quiet people are listening oh do you
have one all right I know where you can
get a Popeye's chicken sandwich but it
won't be easy
well how are you gonna give me a
Popeye's chicken sandwich it's midnight
all the pop eyes are closed well I saw a
guy buy one earlier and I followed him
home I know he hasn't eaten it yet he's
keeping it in his microwave oh how did
we get it all right we're gonna break
into his house we're gonna steal that
sandwich so you can give it to your
friend break into his house that's
illegal what we're doing it okay well
what do you want out of it uh hundred
dollars hundred dollars I just give the
other guy hundred dollars but no reason
yeah I saw that you got biffed okay fine
I'll give you a hundred
a per we get the sandwich all right deal
but we should probably get walking it's
a pretty long walk well I'll have a car
but he's drivin now now it draws too
much attention we got a walk come on oh
man that was a long walk yeah we're
gonna have to walk all the way back to
okay so what's the plan alright we're
gonna go up to the door we're gonna
knock on it and then when he answers
we're gonna ask him really really nicely
for the chicken sandwich you're gonna
give it to us well you never know till
we try okay five let's ask oh man I sure
hope this works I'm really nervous hello
there my chocolate friend my chocolate
friend I'm sorry I just I choked yeah
obviously okay let's try this again did
you bring this is look I don't want any
cookies okay no no sir I'm sorry about
my friend here he he doesn't get out
much oh I can see look we know you have
a Popeye's chicken sandwich in your
microwave and we want it how do you know
I got a chicken sandwich in my microwave
you work for me no no no no we only dog
blow home slice of pie stop what just
stop no don't wait we cool no this is
embarrassing okay look can we just
please have the chicken sandwich I'm not
giving you my chicken sandwich
waiters in a Popeye's lab but three
hours so you think I'm just gonna hear
my chicken sound self - something try
the white man no no way
so have a good day sir my slice of pie
what are we gonna do I need that chicken
sandwich all right I'm gonna call my
friend Chester the chicken with a
chicken now all right Mario this is my
friend Chester the chicken
yeah wall I am gist of chicken help Mia
be overseas boy hello mr. Chester dog
homey Maryland
no stop let me do the talking this time
sorry Chester I hope he didn't bother
you oh no problem are you if you stay at
home choking myself hey you get it hey
Chuck chicken yeah yeah yeah I get it I
get it
look Chester we need your help stealing
a chicken sandwich oh you call on
Chester chicken
- still crispy body of one of my own
kind you're spitting on me like pear
yeah look Chester can you help us or not
huh what's in it for chest our chicken
I'll give you 50 bucks hmm 50 buck for
chest or chicken yeah hmm you got
yourself a deal okay I need you to
distract the owner of the house while we
steal the sandwich all right seems
simple enough I did it oh my god all
right give up the door open let's go
inside get that sandwich there it is in
all its glory all right grab it and
let's go all right all right I got one I
got a Popeye's chicken sandwich me
Hannah that's a chicken sandwich how'd
you get it I had to break into a guy's
house to get it no well I'm actually a
cop so I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear
that well let's see if it wakes block
your chef black Yoshi look what I got a
Popeye's chicken sandwich always that a
poopy sticky sale
oh wow that Como went away really quick
yeah black you're just echoing one way a
little too quick are you sure you
weren't faking your color block Yoshi no
Mario
my hair was her ear it's all bad and did
the chicken damage to save me go eat my
chicken sandwich well thanks for nothing
doctor no thank you
[Music]