foreign
[Music]
oh no jeffy's putting tape on the couch
again oh no Jeffy stop it baby get the
laser pointer okay Jeffy stop putting
tape on the couch stop dude here Jeffy
go get it
[Applause]
yeah get the laser yeah make him go out
of the room okay
there's someone at the door baby keep
playing with Jeffy let me answer the
door
hello hey Marvin can I come inside I
just need someone to talk to yeah sure
buddy thank you hey Dan look what I did
to the couch I made it all pretty pretty
baby you're supposed to distract them
with the laser pointer the laser pointer
died Marvin and I ran out of tape can
you go in the store and buy me some more
get out of here Jeffy there's tape all
over the couch baby you're supposed to
hide the tape I did Marvin but he found
it he always finds it why is there tape
all over your couch my son likes to put
tape on the couch listen what do you
want to talk about well I was on my way
to my 27 year high school reunion but
then I found out that my high school
Bully's gonna be there so now I don't
want to go why do you have a 27 year
high school reunion oh well after the
25th year people start dying so they
just do it every year it's pretty sad oh
well you said your high school bully is
going to be there yeah candy Randy candy
Randy yeah let me tell you the story so
back in high school there was this kid
named Randy that everybody called candy
Randy because he would sell candy to
everybody in the school now for some
reason Randy didn't like me I can't
imagine why but usually he would they
charge a dollar for his candy but then
one day a couple hours before lunch I
was hungry and I had a dollar burning a
hole in my pocket so I went up to Randy
and I was like hey Randy let me get some
Skittles and he said for you that'll be
two dollars and I said Randy that's
[ __ ] because usually you only charge
one dollar and I only have one dollar
but he still wouldn't sell me the
Skittles so I did what any man would do
and I picked my nose and I wiped a
booger on him and Randy didn't like that
at all he was pissed off and he stood up
and said okay meet me after school by
the flagpole and me and you are gonna
fight and then all the students and all
the teachers went ooh so I pretty much
had to do it at that point so then I
spent the whole rest of my day trying to
figure out how I could fake my own death
so I didn't have to fight Randy I even
tried to call my mom and see if she
would check me out of school but she
wouldn't do it so then after school I
went up to the flagpole and there was
this huge crowd of people gathered
around and they were all chanting Randy
Randy and I was like that's not fair I
can fight Randy I got this all he ever
does is eat candy I can take him so then
I started throwing Haymakers and Randy
just kept dodging them and then Randy
started beating the [ __ ] out of me I
mean he was good and then the worst part
is his hands were still sticky from
eating all that candy and then after he
got done beating me up he took my
underwear and tied it to the flagpole
and then he hoisted my underwear up like
a flag and then my underwear had a skid
mark in it so that was horrible and then
everybody started saying the Pledge of
Allegiance to my underwear I've never
been so embarrassed in all my life so
that's the story of candy Randy well
that's dumb there's no way all your
classmates are gonna remember that 27
years later oh believe me they're gonna
remember the skid mark it was huge I
practically [ __ ] my pants you didn't
wipe that day have you ever tried to
wipe your ass with toilet paper at a
school it's like trying to wipe your ass
with Taco Bell napkins they're all rough
and they're thin I'd rather not even
wipe which is why I didn't but my ass
was itching a lot though I still think
you should go to your high school
reunion but look I'm not going okay I
spent 150 dollars to rent this suit for
the night and I don't want it to go to
waste so I was just wondering if you
guys wanted to go to like Red Lobster
maybe if we're feeling classy we could
try going to Applebee's I mean I really
want to go to Outback but there's no way
I can reserve a table this late now not
with their blooming onions did you say
candy Randy yeah do you know him yeah
there's a guy at the gas station named
Randy Who Sold candy wait what do you
look like did you look like an [ __ ]
no he had cornrows and Tattoos yep
that's him that's that [ __ ] you know
him yeah he sold me candy for a dollar
yeah a dollar for you why did it have to
be two dollars for me Randy why why well
listen you've got to get over this Randy
guy so I think you should go to your
high school reunion go up to him with a
dollar and try to buy some candy maybe
he'll like you now and get over all this
stuff yeah yeah I guess you're right I
mean it has been 27 years maybe he's
cool now yeah yeah I'm gonna go and I'll
come back and tell is how it went
he was selling candy for a dollar so I
tried to give him a dollar and then he
punched me in the face and he took my
dollar and then he pulled my underwear
out and there was still skid marks on it
and then he started waving my underwear
around and everybody started laughing
and calling me skid mark guy and poop
Clinton guy and that's not even clever
yeah Randy does have anger issues
probably time to see this Randy guy well
we dated like 10 years ago you did it
candy sounds at a gas station he was
nice
nice see candy oh my God is he hot hell
no why would you date a guy who sells
candy at a gas station I want to see him
call him over are you sure yeah I want
to see him right now we're going to beat
him up okay I think I still have his
number let me get my yearbook yeah okay
here's my yearbook oh your wife signed
it oh no she signed that after we were
already married because she thought it'd
be cute she didn't even go to the same
school as me wait who's baked ziti feedy
Petey okay look I don't have time to
explain all the names in the book okay
but I'll explain that one see I went to
high school with this guy named Petey
and we all called him big zdpd because
he always brought big ziti to lunch and
ate it but then he went on a ski trip
and he got frostbite on both his feet so
he had to heat him up by putting his
feet in pans of baked ziti and walking
around so we started calling him baked
ziti feedy Petey all the names in your
yearbook sound like freaks yeah they are
all right so look there's candy Randy's
number I still can't believe you dated a
guy who sold candy at a gas station it
was forever ago Marvin well look call
him over here because I want to have a
word with him okay let me go get my
phone okay I called him and there he is
oh
don't call me
that hey Randy hey you're trying to get
another taste of this pizza no Randy I'm
married now oh well that's a shame cause
you just want a golden ticket to the
White Chocolate Factory you trying to
see my Willy Wonka Randy meet my husband
Marvin ex-husband Marvin so you on a
market because I'm trying to see where
these little piggies are going hopefully
they're gonna be wee wee weeing all the
way back to my place no Randy I'm
married well he's the one lucky man
because I remember when you used to Lily
lick me like a lollipop you know like
that little Wayne song you know that
song oh man I've heard it what did you
see in him well I can tell you what she
didn't see her 401k or or a credit score
but
7.3 inches below the waist on a good day
and every day was a good day okay you
know what I think we should just talk
about why we invited you over here oh my
bad I was just reminiscing how I used to
make up my cat Cream Egg you know what a
Cadbury Creme Egg yeah I know what it is
so Brooklyn guy wants to call you over
here because he wants to fight you well
I didn't say that oh so he's trying to
get his ass beat well no no he wants a
professional fight in a boxing ring
tonight with no no Brady I didn't say
that okay well you're wrong well you
better stop training I'll see you
tonight with Marvin why would you do
that because you need to fight him you
need to get revenge listen you need a
professional fight that you actually
train for so you can beat him up but I
already have a black guy he's gonna kick
my ass look we're gonna do a training
montage we're gonna fix your eye up and
you're gonna be ready to fight him okay
all right come on
foreign
[Music]
I am so ready I am ready to cheat but
cheat oh yeah there's no way I'm gonna
fight Randy fairly he'd kick my ass I
don't think hitting punching bags for 20
seconds is gonna help me fight well how
are you gonna cheat I'm gonna poison him
with Tetra toxin what is that it is a
very rare poison found in the puffer
fish that will make him completely
paralyzed except he can feel everything
so when he's on the ground not able to
move I'm gonna be wailing on him like oh
[ __ ] that [ __ ] you can okay so how are
you gonna get the poison in him well
that's why I have these glasses see what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna challenge
Randy to a friendly water drinking
competition see Randy is very
competitive so there's no way he's gonna
say no so I'm just gonna fill up these
two glasses here and then I'm gonna take
my poison and put it in Randy's glass
he's never gonna know
okay I'm gonna go call Randy okay I'm
gonna keep stirring this so it dissolves
okay I called him and there he is hey
hey
hey we should hydrate so I challenge you
to a competition to see who can take the
fastest sip of water okay I'll do that
why does goofy your body okay one two
three go
oh man Randy it looks like you won yeah
cause you're too slow you better be fast
in the fight
Marvin he's so stupid he drank the
poison
what the [ __ ] Marvin Marvin I can't move
well did you drink the poison Marvin did
you switch the cops you never told me to
switch the cops you didn't switch the
cops you never told me to switch the cup
God damn it I thought you said you were
gonna switch the cops no you never told
me I mean I guess it would make sense
that we should switch the cops but you
had the cup of points in front of you
but I thought you switched the cups no I
didn't have time he came over so fast
god damn it I can't move I can't fight
now well you still have to fight we
can't back out I have to back out I
can't move no no what if you still fight
but I'm in the ring and I throw the
punches with your arm but that's stupid
no it's gonna work we gotta do something
okay so let's just go to the fight okay
you have to drag me oh yeah I'm sorry I
can't move remember all right buddy are
you ready for your big fight no I can't
move but we have a plan I'm gonna swing
your punches for you they're gonna see
you maybe they won't we went over this
come on let's go I want to forfeit all
right I want a nice and clean fight
we're going three rounds just like I do
with my wife every night
you better have my dinner ready woman I
can relate all right you ready okay go
I'm gonna beat your butt like I did in
high school I'm gonna swing for you okay
okay
hold on swing for him well I'm his
trainer oh go ahead train your ass and
sir no no it's okay he can stay in or
beat his ass too are you sure about that
oh yeah all right then 2V1 go thank God
I'll get Marvin protect myself one of us
is gonna get hit
your timeouts in boxing I know but they
ass needed come on let's go think of a
plan okay
all right we have to think of a plan
yeah no [ __ ] Marvin I think we should
just tell them that I tried to cheat and
then reschedule for a time when I can
actually use my body you want to tell
your high school bully you try to cheat
when fighting him no but I also don't
want him to beat the ever loving [ __ ]
out of me again no look we have to think
of a plan because that's embarrassing if
you tell me you try to cheat okay what
if you get on top of my head and you
control me like Ratatouille like you
pull my hair does that really work I
think that was just an animated movie
yeah you're right I just have a king for
having my hair pulled oh I got an idea
what if I let him hit you in the face
and then while he's hitting you in the
face I start hitting him okay and then
we take turns no no no he just keeps
hitting you in the face because he's not
gonna see it coming because while he's
beating you up I'll come up behind him
and start hitting him in the head okay
you know what fine let's try it okay
we're gonna win watch this all right I'm
gonna count this as round two cause your
ass lost the first round that's fair
look try to put your hands up oh believe
me I wish I could listen man I feel bad
for you so I'ma Do you a solid I'm only
gonna follow you my left hands see see
that's generous only the left hand and
his 2V1 he's handing it to you on the
Civil platter oh yeah there's no way I
could lose look look are y'all ready two
go
call this one my gut punch oh my God
Marvin help me out I wasn't expecting
him in the stomach first
yes
winner
damn I beat your ass in high school and
I beat your ass as an adult
I have a spit Kink too so that works oh
my God I can't believe you forfeit we
could have won no we couldn't let's go
come on buddy Marvin today was very
embarrassing well you would have had a
chance to win if you didn't cheat well
it would have worked if you switched the
Cubs you never told me to switch the cup
I thought it went without saying you
should have told me to switch the cups
Marvin I hate when we argue yeah me too
I'm sorry buddy I'm sorry too well
there's one thing we have in common we
both hate candy Randy oh yeah [ __ ]
hate that guy yeah he's the worst
you want to help me take tape off the
couch sure just roll me over I'll do it
with my mouth that's what she said yeah
that's a good one yeah so
you gotta help yeah you gotta roll me
over there oh yeah yeah okay all right
I hate when he puts all this tape gotta
wish I had teeth
[Music]