it is cat piano time performed by The
penist Jeffy it's pronounced pianist
that's why I said penis now shut up and
watch me perform a
masterpiece oh God it sucks so bad
Marvin he's just being creative no he
sucks he doesn't even know how to play
the piano poop break Marvin that gives
me an idea what if we got Jeffy piano
lessons oh oh no I'm not going to waste
money on piano lessons for Jeffy but
Marvin if he takes piano lessons he
might learn how to act actually play
piano and then when he plays it'll sound
good I mean you're right I mean right
now it sounds bad but if he knew how to
play at least we'd listen to something
that sounds good Jeffy do you want piano
lessons hold on Daddy it's almost
out all right I think I got it all out
but my turd cutter is a little bit dull
so I think I need to sharpen it Jeffy do
you want piano lessons I don't need
piano lessons I'm already good watch me
play Mary head little
tits no no Jeffy Jeffy you are good but
imagine if you were better
that could be better yeah so where do we
even get piano lessons doesn't the
neighbor's wife across the street get
piano lessons you mean Hank hucker's
wife yeah yeah I do think Suzanne gives
lessons you know what we're going to go
to her cuz maybe she'll give us a
discount since we're neighbors come on
Jeffrey we're going to go to piano
lessons we got bring my own piano no you
don't need this one you're going to
learn on a real piano all right all
right Jeffy you be on your best
behavior what do you want Marvin came bu
to borrow a cup of sugar or a BT bowl no
I was wondering if your wife could teach
Jeffy how to play the piano oh sure my
wife teaches people to play the piano
all the time she'll have your son
playing the piano fast as [ __ ] honey
Marvin's at the door just say Marvin
hello Marvin what can I do for you well
that's weird as [ __ ] I was wondering if
you give Jeffy piano lessons anything
for you Marin how much will I owe you oh
you don't have to pay me one well now
honey how are we going to pay the bills
if you keep giving away piano lessons
for free H up Hank all right all right
fine I guess I'll just go take a [ __ ]
and place Soki for 2 hours make sure you
stand up so you don't get blood clots in
your knees where were we Marvin the the
piano lessons oh yes don't you worry
about a thing by the time jeffy's done
he'll be playing like Boven I hope so
and maybe later I can give you flute
lessons or
trombone I I don't have any of those
instruments yes you do maavin yes you do
okay Jeffy have fun with your lessons
all right SU
ready
[Music]
go that sounded a little flat maybe try
it like
this that's what I did um well maybe try
it one more time ready
[Music]
go oh perfect all right you two go to
your room so I got to give Jeffy a piano
lesson but mother tonight's supposed to
be my night for piano lesson don't back
talk me you little [ __ ] and now go to
your rooms yes ma'am all right Jeffy
have a seat on the bench all right Jeffy
time to start your piano lesson but I
already know how to play the piano you
do well why don't you show me what you
know okay it's called Mary had little
tips what Mary had little tits oh my God
please stop it's horrible horrible Jeffy
do bad yes Jeffy do bad I'm going to
teach you how to play Mary Had a Little
Lamb the right way Timmy get your ass in
here but you told me to go to room
mother I know what I said I need you to
Sing Mary Had a Little Lamb for me on
key or you're grounded yes ma'am all
right go Mary had a little lamb little
lamb little lamb Mary had a little lamb
oh mother your messing up I know I'm
messing up timy your voice is
distracting me get out of here yes ma'am
all right Jeffy why don't you try again
okay uh Jeffy what's wrong I'm used to
my cat piano making cat noises what yeah
I have a c piano at home and every time
I hit the key it goes meow okay Jeffy
but this is a real piano but I want my C
piano this is a
Yama okay Jeffy why don't you just try
again all right Jeffy you keep
practicing and I'll be right back Mary
had little tits little tits little tits
Mary had little tit they were small as
[ __ ] what do you want honey I'm [ __ ]
with the door open Hank I can't teach
that child he just doesn't get it well
then send his ass home I can't do that
Hank I can't disappoint mobin what I I
mean I mean no think I can't give up on
a child well why don't you just get the
lady that taught you how to play piano
Mrs nesit sure hey that's one of the
best ideas you've ever had yeah great
well can you get me some commode paper
I'll get your toilet paper in a second
Hank I got to call Mrs
Nesbit don't stop that hey don't stop
that good Heavens what is that terrible
noise Mrs Nesbit meet your new student
Jeffy we meet again you parent nose [ __ ]
oh good Heavens now Jeffy you listen to
everything Mrs Nesbit says she's the
best all right Mrs Nesbit Lang now Mrs
Nesbit please teach Jeffy everything you
taught me are you even good I didn't
know pianos existed when dinosaurs did
am I good I will show you exactly how
good I am this is the Turkish
[Music]
March
now with my
nose and the
buttocks
Leia and the
titties wow you're really good she's the
best so Jeffy would you like to learn
how to play like that yeah well it will
take years of practice and dedication
well I don't have years right now well
show me how to play
C wrong now now hit D wrong I am hitting
my D Suzanne lock Us in this room and he
will not leave until he has an expert
piis yes
ma'am Marvin we haven't heard from Jeffy
in like 6 months I know isn't it great
don't you think you should go check on
him no he's fine I like the quiet hello
Marvin Jeffy is finally a master pianist
he is that's wonderful wait where is
Jeffy he's still over at the house
playing on that darn piano I can't get
him to stop you should should come and
see uh me go over there with you uh I
think I'll just stay here Marvin go
check on Jeffy yeah Marvin come
over okay but just to get Jeffy jeffy's
in here no Jeffy play The Nutcracker
want me to crack the [ __ ] out of these
nuts
[Music]
yes very good
Jeff now with the
toos ball sack left
testicle right
testicle
btics left
ear right
ear Head
Shoulders
Knees
Toes now back to the fingers I got to
poop hold
it [ __ ] yes Jeffy oh oh my God that was
amazing of course it was he learned from
the best she is the best now that'll
just be
$150,000 $150,000 you said it was free
that was if I taught him but I had to
call in an expert I don't have
$150,000 well if you don't have the
money you will burn in hell oh my God
it's the devil bone Satan West Southern
Baptist what are you doing here well I
thought Jeffy how to play the piano so
now you owe me
$150,000 or you will go to hell I don't
have
$150,000 come on man I really need
$150,000 I am incing credit card date
just because I live in hell doesn't mean
I can't still freeze my cards well look
I don't have that kind of money I don't
even know where to get $150,000 wait
wait a minute the annual really good at
piano competition that's conveniently at
my house with my piano tonight and the
prize is
$175,000
$175,000 if we enter Jeffy in that
competition and we win we could pay you
the 150,000 and we get to keep 25,000 or
or you guys could just not enter the
competition then I could enter and win
and then you guys don't have to owe me
anything I know but if Jeffy wins we can
pay you the 150,000 and we get to keep
25,000 no I understand that but I'm
telling you that as long as you guys
don't enter and I enter I can easily win
and then you guys are fine and you don't
even have to go to hell but but then we
don't get to make
$25,000 no no I I I get that but look I
taught Jeffy how to play the piano I'm
very good I am going to win okay so as
long as you guys don't enter it's
totally okay we're all good here you
don't have to go to hell or pay me or
anything but if Jeffy wins we get to
keep $25,000 after paying you I I feel
like I'm going crazy am I am I not being
clear here okay okay listen listen you
guys don't enter I enter the competition
and I win okay okay even if I lose okay
it'll be totally fine you don't owe me
the money you go home you don't have to
go to hell everybody's happy but we
could make $225,000 if Jeffy wins okay
how about this how about if you enter
Jeffy into the competition and lose then
you still owe me the $150,000 and if you
don't pay me you go to hell okay deal
you're on we're going to win that
$225,000 come on Jeffy what the [ __ ] are
you talking about why would you take
that hello and welcome to the annual
really good at playing piano competition
held at this random household today's
contestants will be competing for
$175,000 we only have two contestants
today Craig the devil and Jeffy Craig is
up first hello everybody I am Craig and
I am the devil and today I will be
playing the Entertainer let's
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
begin
that's all suck my red hot balls
everybody wow very good Craig Jeffy is
sure going to have to do a lot better
than that if he's going to win this
competition all right Jeffy you got this
all right I'm going to be playing
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star by Jeffy
twinkle twinkle little star Twinkle
Twinkle Little Star what how I wonder
what the [ __ ] you you
are up above the world so high 21 I hit
that [ __ ] right in her eye Mama
Twinkle Twinkle Little Store what I have
chocolate cake let eat in my car thank
you Connecticut [ __ ] yeah my God that
was just that was amazing Jeff Jeffy
you're the winner get this man some
money wait I won he's your money Jeffy
oh my God look at all that money Jeffy
no no no this is [ __ ] he played the
stupid little kitty baby song well I
like Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
$175,000 all ours well you still owe me
150,000 so here here's your 25 I am
keeping the rest we still won $25,000
Jeffy what's this we [ __ ] [ __ ] this is
all my money Marvin look at all that
money we can finally run away together
you talking stop King
[Music]
no