[Music]
Jeffy I swear if that hits me what are
you gonna do I'll rip up your dumb toy
okay mommy can you throw that back to me
here you go don't give it back to him
it's good
well that's just rude Jeffy you're
grounded why because you hit me with the
stupid toy
let me answer the door hello hey Marvin
why you have a cat this is my five
million dollar cat Mrs Bigglesworth why
is it five million dollars because it's
a Himalayan Yeti long hair a Yeti and a
cat bang and this popped out and I
bought it for five million dollars well
why'd you bring it here because I need
you to watch her for me Marvin every
time I watch your animal something bad
happens oh come on Marvin I have this
wicked hot girl coming over but she's
allergic to cats and I don't want her
sneezing on me ew so I just need you to
watch her for 10 minutes why only 10
minutes because I don't last long plus
the post not Clarity is going to kick in
and I'm gonna want her to leave actually
it's gonna be nine minutes because my
pants are already down okay fine give me
the damn cat all right thanks Marvin
Goodman wants me to watch it for 10
minutes oh no something bad always
happens not if we watch it for 10
minutes
let me try to get like a toy to get her
out kitty kitty
Kitty all right baby I got this like
Mouse toy okay and I got this spider on
a string toy let's try to get around
okay kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty
kitty you want the toy come on Kitty let
me see what she's doing
uh yep she is under there and she is not
trying to come out I don't know what do
we do oh let's call a cat whisperer okay
yeah
yeah so there's a cat stuck
10 minutes well actually like nine
minutes and so the cat got stuck under
the table I need you to grab it oh
that's it that's all you need yeah I
need you to grab the cat and we don't
have to whisper for that usually people
just want me to talk to their cat and
figure out its felines feelings felines
yeah well people usually just want me to
like talk to the cat and figure out its
favorite color or its favorite food or
something I mean it's all a scam I can't
talk to cats any more than you can but
that's what I do I scam people well can
you get the captain under the table oh
yeah that's easy I got the perfect thing
right here got some catnip one smell of
this and it'll come running and it'll
get high out of its goddamn mind okay
well let's use the catnip hey man you
want to like this shot huh you want to
like this [ __ ] [ __ ] Bro huh
oh man
I am zooted right now I'm not even me I
am a different puppet completely
this [ __ ] is so purple it should be
asking where's Ronald this is [ __ ] that
killed Tupac oh bro bro bro Peep Peep
Jeffy look look
he is cooked my guy he is looking into
the eyes of Eternity right now dude is
smelling shapes he's he's talking to God
[ __ ] over there at Avatar
3. oh my god oh
hey hey wait I'm sorry wait I forget why
am I even here man my cat oh yeah
kitty kitty
oh man hey hey hey hey hey hey hey you
know igloos you know Igloo how how does
that even work
you know like because they're made of
snow and ice but the round and ice is
slippery this should just fall over how
does that even
bro how about we get some ice from your
fridge and we make a igloo yeah okay
okay this is gonna be so cool okay okay
okay I got I got the ice here comes the
igloo I'm gonna build the igloo I'm
gonna live in it with my little penguin
family
wait
these are not hey these are not stacking
this is this is impossible the world
lied igloos are impossible they use
bricks they they use bricks and they
paint them white that's what they do
that was a good nap wait why is there a
plate of water here oh yeah igloos baby
baby Kobe could be here any minute we
have to get the cat out oh okay yeah
yeah I got the I got the nip right here
um you want to go one more time no we
have to get the cat Okay lame okay
Marvin where's this cat underneath the
table let me take a look go look at your
geeky your geekys okay yeah it's under
there let me try the catnip hey hey you
want some catnip some pretty dank nip
huh
take the nip take the catnip you stupid
cat maybe we should light some up just
to show the cat it's good no it's hard
to get the cat out okay yeah I got
something else I got a laser pointer
cats love laser pointers hey you want
the laser Go Get It Go Get It it's not
working okay this is stupid I'm just
gonna go in there it's a cat I can grab
it let's grab it
distracted me are you okay now working
you should do something what am I
supposed to do I don't know
oh God it scratch my face oh are you
okay no I'm not okay it bit my ear and
it scratched my eye God damn it I hate
cats but you're a cat Whispering no no
I'm a dog person God I hate cats I wish
they'd all die I hope you die can't you
hear me okay all right I'm getting that
cat out of there this is personal now
all right I'm going in well what is that
it's a lightsaber what do you think it
is get out of here stupid cat I have The
High Ground
what what are you doing I'm trying to
get the cat out of there
well it's inhumane what it did to my
face don't you the lightsaber yeah
you're right it's not the Jedi way
Master Yoda would be pissed anyway I
have a better idea I can use this hammer
and maybe try to scare it out with loud
noises get out here stupid cat you idiot
all right you know what get out of here
stop it you use other things other than
weapons okay fine I will get it out
humanely all right I got this dog his
name is killer how is that dog gonna
help get the cat out like this
rip his head off you mainly yeah you
mainly rip his head off
listen I want the cat alive not I don't
want you to kill it Killer's not gonna
kill anybody well okay maybe he will his
name is killer I need I need the cat in
one piece really oh God you're not
making this easy for me you can't get
the cat out hey do you want to try you
saw what it did to me well listen can
you do your job or not yes I can okay
but you're sure you need him alive I
need him alive okay okay I got it all
right I got this what is that this is my
Police Issue taser a taser I said don't
kill the cat I'm not gonna kill the cat
I'm just gonna electrocute it with a
hundred thousand volts and that's not
gonna kill it no look it's just gonna
knock the cat out so I can drag it out
from under the table and then it'll wake
up wherever you want it to and you
promise it's not gonna hurt the cat no I
don't know who cares look I electrocute
bad guys with it all the time and
they're fine they still do bad things so
it can't be that bad okay I'm going in
here kitty kitty kitty here you little
bastard
what the hell is that cat made of I
tasted it three times and it didn't go
down uh it's part Yeti what part Yeti
you didn't tell me that I don't think
that was important not important of
course it's important I need fire but
fire yeah hold on I'll be right back all
right I just got back from the fireworks
store fireworks store yeah I figured I
could do some fireworks to scare the cat
out because they're loud like see I got
this bottle rocket that could work and
then oh check this out this is pretty
badass it's a pinball machine that
explodes I mean I don't know how that'll
help with the cat but I thought it was
pretty cool and then I thought maybe I
could throw one of these bombs under
there and try to scare the cat out is
that gonna hurt the cat no no but he's
probably just gonna make like a little
flash of light that's all well it's not
gonna have like fire no I mean not much
no I think the cat will be fine it'll
probably run out before it even explodes
oh okay okay so I'm just gonna light
this all right and then I'm gonna just
toss that under there
oh is the cat Okay uh yeah yeah I'm sure
the cat's fine let me just take a look
oh oh
um uh ah oh that's that's
um oh okay yeah that's not good oh is
the cat okay or not uh well remember
when you said you needed the cat in one
piece yeah well there are several pieces
but several pieces of cat dead no no
it's not dead yet I mean it's close fix
it fix it fix it okay look it'll be fine
okay I'll just take it to the vet and
see if I can put it back together you're
the vet yeah I know I'll just take it to
my office look it'll be fine just just
go sit on the couch oh okay okay nurse
we're gonna do surgery what do we got
doctor the cat it was in a fireworks
accident oh my God what happened uh I
have no idea I I wasn't there but you
know I heard the cat was a real [ __ ]
so like no big deal if it doesn't pull
through I'm gonna still do my best to
try to put this together okay needle and
thread
thank you all right let's get to sewing
all right nurse cut
all right it's all sewed up it looks
stunning doctor yeah I just hope it's my
size I don't know if I got the
measurements right you're gonna look
great yeah I just didn't want that cat
to go to waste waste not want not all
right Marvin do you think the cat's okay
it better be okay that was a five
million dollar cat what yeah it was
Goodman's valuable cat Marvin I hate
when Goodman leaves his expensive things
here for us to watch me too I also hate
it when brung guy leaves his catnip
around Jeffy because he got into it
again hey there is a cat Okay uh no it
died during surgery it died yeah I'm
sorry On a related note how you like my
coat that is a really nice coat it's
very white go ahead and feel it oh man
that is a soft coat oh I know feels just
like the cat yeah cause it is what the
coat is the cat you killed the cat made
a couch no the cat died during surgery
and I made a coat out of it afterward I
Cruella to build the [ __ ] out of that
cat and I'm starting to see why she
wanted 101 of those Dalmatians that's
sick thank you I think the code is
pretty sick no listen you're sick in the
head no it only would have been sick if
I killed the cat to make the coat I
killed the cat out of anger and then
made the coat after it was already dead
that's wrong what do you want all that
fur to go to waste and cremate it no
this is much better I'm gonna be warm in
the winter and hot in the summer damn oh
my God Goodman's gonna kill me who's
that the owner of the cat oh I did him a
favor because that cat was one mean mean
lima bean
oh no that's probably good man I don't
want to answer the door I'll answer it
anything to show off my new coat hello
hey Marvin here's the hundred thousand
dollars I was gonna give you for
watching my cat wait who are you oh I'm
not Marvin Marvin's upstairs oh okay but
damn I love your coat oh thank you I
made it myself yeah I'll give you a
hundred thousand dollars for your coat
damn okay yeah sure great hey Marvin oh
hey Goodman I was gonna pay you a
hundred thousand dollars for watching my
cat but the guy who answered your door
was wearing this amazing coat and I
thought it would look stunning on you so
instead of giving you 100 thousand
dollars I bought this coat for you you
bought this coat I sure did now all you
gotta do is just give me my cat back and
I'll be on my way
oh
no Marvin this coat's for you just give
me my cat back and you can keep the coat
yeah
I don't understand why you're doing this
Marvin I just want my cat back so just
give me the cat back and stop playing
these games I gave you your cat back
that's your cat
your cat's the coat what the [ __ ]
[Music]