so guys what do you want to do today
will you go swimming it's hot it's balls
out John it is hot outside let's go
swimming guys you guys have fun with
that I'm gonna stay here and play
against an impact what's against an
impact
you've never heard of Genji and impact
are you gonna tell us what it is well
look at this screen that's Genji impact
oh that's so sick damn right whoa okay
what do you do in this game well you can
run and jump I mean what other game can
you do that in none that I can mention
so you can run and jump at what else
well you can also climb buildings like
some kind of superhero who can climb
things maybe he was bitten by an insect
I don't know oh my gosh Shelby Shelby
look look I'm climbing that thing
oh that's amazing yeah check this out
you can also jump in Hover kind of look
at me hover kinda oh my God he's like
hovering kinda he's hovering kinda and
then check this out
guess what you can also fight look at me
fight this I'm gonna fight it yeah kick
him up
let's take you forever to kill him
sometimes it does take a while but
that's just the game you know yeah yeah
oh okay so what else can you do well the
best part is check out this hunky dude
I'm playing as isn't he the sexiest
hottest dude you've ever seen I mean he
is really not I mean I don't really like
guys Cody is there any girls oh hell
yeah there's girl there's hot ones too
oh hot girls I want to see the hot girls
yeah I want to see these hot girls check
out the hot girls this is kicking okay
this is Barbara oh she's hot that's Gene
oh mid this is Amber okay that's Mona oh
this is official all right this is
Raiden Shogun wait wait wait who's that
one who's that one oh this this is you
know what I don't think I should say
that one oh my gosh she's so hot she's
banging oh my God I like her I want to
play as her wait wait I think her name
is ning Guang yeah that sounds right
yeah I don't want to play as any of
these girls though I want to play as Edo
that sexy hunk okay well can we play
with you Cody well of course you can
play with me Junior but we only have one
PlayStation five oh Junior what I'm
about to tell you is gonna blow your
goddamn mind what you can also play this
game on your oh
oh no way wait I can play a console game
on a phone yep you sure can I don't know
how the hell they pulled that off oh my
God so if I download this game on my
phone I can play with you on the
PlayStation five oh yeah you can play it
on PS5 on your phone iOS Android PC all
of that and it stops there it stops
there yeah oh my god well I think my
phone's dead so let me go charge my
phone and I'll play with you so Jeffy
you play with Cody for a second all
right I gotta go grab my phone okay I'm
Gonna Keep playing Genji impact all
right Cody I got my phone okay Jeffy get
ready to check out gen impact in open
world action RPG game available on PC
Android iOS PlayStation 4 and 5. you can
explore the vast magical world the to
that where seven kinds of elemental
power surge look at these awesome
graphics
I'm sorry were you saying something Cody
I was downloading the game oh never mind
all right Cody I'm gonna pick Amber
because she's got bunny ears and rocking
cans yeah she's pretty cool all right
I'm gonna go in this place with the Kiki
oh look at geeky
now I'm gonna shoot you kick you with my
bow and arrow
[Laughter]
wait why'd you shoot the Kiki or no come
meet me for a second Jeffy all right on
your way Cody hey Cody look at me I'm a
bunny rabbit boy
that's really cool Jeffy okay listen
Okay so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go fight a giant boss okay he's
like a big ice monster right okay well
I'm gonna run around and be a bunny
rabbit okay okay well he's over here so
follow me
you don't have to do that look you can
glide and stuff see oh yeah
oh yeah I'm going a little bit Kinda
Yeah so just come this way he's down
here we're gonna jump off see okay so
we're gonna hover kinda down here right
oh yeah I am hovering kinda all the way
down okay so he's down here he's like a
big ice plant thing okay oh okay what's
his name uh it's like cry yeah cryo
Regis Vine he's that thing oh I see him
yeah he's huge okay so just be really
careful okay you're gonna die in like
two hits well I'm gonna do my best and
he's not gonna touch me at all I'm just
gonna shoot my bow and arrow yeah you do
that just hang back I think oh no he
sure got me okay well be careful Jeffy
don't get hit well I haven't yet he's
not going to touch me okay good so I'm
just gonna run up and start hitting him
oh no he hit me you said that wasn't
gonna happen well I tried my hardest
Cody okay
no no he hit me again he hit me I'm not
gonna run away hurry okay I'm fighting
him up here all right well I gotta go
running the bush and eat some food real
fast just eat quickly because I'm I'm up
here beating the crap out of him
fast as I can okay just just you know
hurry I need some help I got high I
gotta go into my inventory check this
out oh there's some Ramen I mean he's
pretty tough I mean I'm doing okay but
like I need your help well I'm trying I
just gotta eat some more food I got a
whole Supermarket full of food in my
backpack I'm trying to eat it how did
you get all that food okay fine just
found it are you done yet I need some
help up here I'm coming back out right
now okay I knocked him down just help me
all right I'm doing my best I'm shooting
my bow and arrow around them again yeah
you keep doing that well oh dude we're
doing so much damage right now
see how I can power that one we're doing
a great job here he's almost half dead
oh no he's getting back up he's getting
back up good watch out watch out watch
out I gotta run away again oh no oh no
no so be careful okay I think I'm doing
okay just just watch out oh he's doing a
big ice thing watch out I'm running now
hear me hit me he hit me again
I need to go heal up come on what are
you doing I need some help up here I
have to eat more food Debbie all you're
doing is eating stop having lunch and
help me fight this damn monster I'm
hungry oh my God how do you even have
any food left you've been eating this
whole time I'm I'm obese Jeffy I need
some help I'm doing all the work up here
I'm trying to eat some more Ramen into
and some panda bear face pastries I
don't know what that means but I need
your help fighting the ice monster he's
not down again all right I'm coming back
out okay good okay we've almost got him
okay all right I'm just shooting bow and
arrow daddy's head finally we got him
yeah I did all the work no you did none
of the work you were having dinner I was
over there beating the crap out of it I
was hungry well did you get the orb
thing yeah I got a blue orb in your
orange oh that's awesome oh man Cody
that was so fun maybe for you you just
ate the whole time I had to do all the
work well let's go find another boss
actually I think I'm gonna go play by
myself oh man Cody I was gonna change my
character no just let me know when you
get
good fine I'll just change my character
oh
I ate ning Wong she's hot I'm gonna run
around her for a little bit oh I wonder
if she's wearing panties what's climbing
this wall and bingo pennies Houston can
confirm pennies Jeffy what are you doing
oh I'm playing this game called ginshin
impact check it out well Jeffy wait wait
wait wait what are you playing this this
girl's hot yeah I'm just playing ginch
and impact all right Jeffy I I think you
should put the game down for a little
while and and let me play I mean go to
your room you're grounded oh okay yeah
leave you're grounded because uh I want
to play the game ooh
oh man she's hot
I wonder if she's wearing panties
oh Bingo can confirm panties oh man this
game is so much fun what you doing
Marvin oh nothing what's on your phone
uh no nothing I was just searching for
your Mother's Day gift Mother's Day was
last month Marvin oh well I guess I
guess I was just looking for no reason
show me your phone there's nothing to
look at it just died come on Marvin show
me your phone I I I was I don't care
I'll show you
what is this that's a game it's called
ginshin impact it's so much fun I love
playing it why are you playing as a hot
girl I I I'm not Jeffy was playing as a
and I just started to play for him
because I he wanted me to play for him
so I'm doing that oh yeah that's the
reason you're playing yeah yeah look I
could run around and I could jump look
at me jump you're jumping a lot Marvin
yeah I'm jumping because of the look at
the graphics in her and she's good at
the she's good at jumping Marvin I don't
like you playing this game well no no
you love me playing this game because it
brings us together baby what it brings
us all together because Jeffy was
playing it now I'm playing it everyone
plays it it gets an impact bring this
all together hey bro you play engine and
back of course playing it right now oh
you want to play ginjin and bass
together yeah of course he look it
brings us all together get an impact it
brings us together it's just it's such a
fun game because you can you can cook
and you can fish and you can play with
your buddies and you can explore and the
map is huge how big is the map oh God
it's so big it's like the state of
Montana big yeah it's bigger than that
it's huge
I guess you weren't lying yeah it's the
best game it's the best game I've ever
played best game so how about you
download it so we can play it and it can
bring us together more yeah maybe I'll
play yeah okay all right everyone let's
start chanting Gidget impact yes
go download kitchen impact for for PC or
Playstation four or five or iOS or
Android
I think those are all of them that's it
[Music]