man marvin thanks for inviting me over
you know i don't really have that many
friends so it's really great to just
have a boys night can you take your
drink off the table i don't want it to
spill oh yeah sure i will right after i
make this shot okay red ball in the
corner pocket hey daddy what doing
marvin get your kid jeffy go away we're
trying to play pool can i play no we're
having a boys night well i'm a boy but
we're having a big boys night i'm a big
boy okay we're having a boys who have
hair on their peepee's night well i
gotta bush like a porcupine well okay
then we're having a boys who've had
vasectomies night huh huh have you
please jeffy just go away well what's he
trying to do
i am trying to hit the white ball and
use it to knock the red ball into the
pocket oh that's easy oh yeah you think
that's easy well it's not not for a kid
like you but it's easy for me because
i'm a professional check this out
damn it damn it i can't i can't believe
i did that i mean i had a perfect shot
breathe just breathe brooklyn guy that's
what my therapist says i have to breathe
whenever i get into situations like this
and i have to drink i can't believe you
missed that that was super easy oh yeah
if you think it's so easy why don't you
do it how about this i'll give you 10
bucks if you can make that shot okay
okay bet hey daddy is this how i'm
supposed to hold it look it's stupid
over here he doesn't even know how to
hold the stick jeffy you're supposed to
use the other side i don't want to use
the skinny side daddy the women prefer
the big job but jeffy you're supposed to
do now let him do it like this let him
look stupid go on kid make the shot if
it's so easy all right jeffy look you're
supposed to hit this white ball to hit
the red ball to go in here all right let
me line it up
wow jeffy not me
you're supposed to use the balls stupid
don't you know what balls look like you
should have two of them oh let me try
again yeah jeffy try it again all right
let me line it up
[Music]
how would you do that oh man i got all
the balls in i must not be that good at
this game no are you kidding me you're
amazing i've never seen anyone do that
before jeffy how did you do that i just
hit the ball with my stick well that
that's gotta be luck i mean there's no
way you could do that again i can do it
again really okay well let me set up the
balls i gotta see this all right the
balls are set up if you can knock them
all in in one shot again i'll give you a
hundred bucks 100 bucks he's not gonna
do it
jeffy you got this i got it daddy
100 bucks please
how is this possible like is he some
kind of pull shark did you know about
this did you make me think he was bad at
pull just so i bet money i didn't know
he was this good oh my god we have a
huge opportunity here we could be rich
how well we could invite people over
here to play pool against his son right
and then we tell them that your son is
bad at pool so they bet money that they
can beat him and then he just goes ape
[ __ ] and gets all the balls in like he
just did and then we just rake in all
the cash that's an amazing idea but how
are we gonna find people that want to
verse jeffy and pool oh don't worry once
i make it commercial everyone's gonna
want to play him oh i'm gonna go make
the commercial yeah i will um where's my
100 bucks oh yeah yeah the 100 bucks
here
um let go of it that's all i have
please we're gonna make more money back
okay i guess you're right
jeff you're so good at pool i know get
out of the way the commercial's about to
come on hey i was watching that hey you
was watching it oh my god you're married
to this oh the commercial's on hey there
do you suck at pool well not as much as
this kid say the thing i shuck see he
sucks i've been killing this kid at pool
i bet him a hundred bucks that i could
beat him go ahead jeffy it's your turn
okay
see that he just pocketed the eight ball
what an idiot pay up okay
here you go look just like that i made
100 bucks playing this kid in pools like
printing money so if you think you can
beat this kid and you got a lot of money
to spend come on down and play this kid
and pull i guarantee you'll win yay i
was in a commercial damn i look good on
tv i mean i know they say the camera
adds 10 pounds but i think it's to my
wiener area marvin what was that
commercial all about oh my god does she
ever stop talking nag nag nag nag nag
baby look jeffy's really good at pool so
he made a commercial saying he's bad at
pool so people will come play him and
bet a lot of money and then jeffy will
beat him and we'll make a lot of money
so you're gonna con people out of their
money aren't they gonna get angry
can you even understand what she's
saying oh my god you're so rude like
that i got nothing there baby look what
we're doing is completely legal and
we're just having fun we're gonna make a
little bit of cash marvin you're gonna
exploit our son do you want me to like
do something about her because i know a
guy i mean i can
maybe look just don't pay attention just
watch your tv look we're gonna go make
some money okay fine
good luck finding your channel now
one of the people going to show up don't
worry they'll be here the commercial was
perfect people are going to want to play
pool hey daddy look at my blue balls why
is one of them purple cause i squeezed
it too much jesus look it's been over an
hour yeah you're right it has been a
while but i mean why wouldn't people
show up i mean that commercial was
pretty good
we didn't put the address what we didn't
put the address in the commercial people
don't know where to go oh yeah you
didn't put the address in the commercial
no we didn't so now people are just
driving around looking for pool well go
edit the commercial and put the address
well i can't do that it already aired
we'll air it again well i already spent
five thousand dollars to air at that one
time why was it so expensive because
it's during a football game on a sunday
it's prime time what are we gonna do
then we gotta make our money well i mean
i guess we could just put a sign on your
front door in case somebody drives by
what are the odds that someone drives by
the house looking for a pool oh believe
me they're gonna be speeding by
go make a sign okay
there now people will know where to show
up okay good
okay now that the signs up all you have
to do is sit here and wait for people to
show up so we can make our money heck
yeah
you know sometimes i wish i could blink
my eyes are so dry mine too
i told you that sign would work all
right what jumps ready to be destroyed
and pooled are you okay guys jonathan
what are you doing here why are you
wearing a towel well i saw this sign for
a poor tournament and i'm really really
swimming so i thought there might be
some really hot babes here that would go
changing with me
wife you no jonathan not that kind of
pool i meant like billiards like the
game well i can't play billions oh yeah
you have any money well no but
how about every time i miss a shot i'd
have to take off a piece of clothing i'm
really bad no jonathan get out of here
no
we're gonna need a different sign
yeah it's really on there
there now there won't be any confusion
bingo we got someone all right who wants
it hello would you like to buy some girl
scout cookies what girl scout cookies
what get in here and get your ass kicked
in pool excuse me what you heard me get
in there are you gonna buy some cookies
yeah if you win no come on okay
so what are we doing we're playing pool
now how much money you got um
eight dollars eight dollars how long you
been selling cookies today eight hours
eight hours that's only a dollar an hour
let's hope you're better at pool than
you are selling cookies you know what
we're wagering these cookies too all
right jeffy let it break okay
uh so what do i do you hit the ball with
the stick haven't you played pool before
hurry up i don't feel good about this oh
come on man this is how we make money
and cookies she's just a little girl no
no she knew what she was getting herself
into when she wearing the doorbell she
wanted this i think she was just trying
to sell cookies no way man she saw the
sign and she thought she could con us
she doesn't want us to know that she's
secretly good at pool she's trying to do
the same thing we are doing but we're
smarter than that that's why we're going
to win hurry up punk okay
what was that that sucked you even know
how to play no
oh yeah okay yeah she's trying to con us
all right jeffy show her what you
got let me show you how it's done yes my
boy right there it's my boy are you
eating the cookies yeah i don't know
we're gonna win
all right prepare the luge
damn you lost you suck oh what's this
i'm going to have one of your cookies
oh your cookies are so good oh
oh you're eight dollars yes
what happened what happened you lost
that's what happened go back to pool
school loser learn some new tricks you
can't connor connor yeah get to stepping
get out of here walk of shame man that
felt good that was wrong wrong come on
bunny's nothing wrong about this look
have a cookie maker
it tastes good right it's the taste of
victory
no yeah i know they kind of taste like
[ __ ] but look we got eight dollars you
know we just do that a few more times
we'll have like 20 bucks
who's that another chump who's ready to
go broke hey there oh hey goodman you
know this chump what are you doing here
well you see i run the girl scout cookie
foundation and two of my girls showed up
with no money and no cookies saying that
they were raw rob yeah okay you should
tell your little con artist to get
better at playing pool pardon me yeah
they came ringing on a doorbell and
saying they were the best pool players
there were and we showed them didn't we
marvin uh but not really so you guys
were playing pool yeah you good i'm
really good okay well put your money
where your mouth is okay all right come
on in
hundred thousand dollars that i win
marvin marvin we're gonna win a hundred
thousand dollars i don't think we should
do this what are you talking about your
son's a god of course we're gonna win
well what if we don't win we're not
gonna lose so where's your hundred
thousand dollars uh we we have a hundred
thousand dollars don't worry are you
sure because all i see is eight dollars
in a bag of my cookies well that that
that's just chump change don't worry we
got it we don't have a hundred thousand
dollars he doesn't need to know that so
who wants to break oh we do we do we
want to break jeffy come break let me
show you how it's done woo-hoo yeah go
jeffy all right prepare to
no no lose no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no come on come on come on get
in the hole that's your home go in there
hmm one ball left i call this pocket no
no no no marvin we might lose i just
gotta line up my shot oh my god marvin i
think we're gonna lose no no no he could
miss this shot it's a very long shot why
didn't all of jeffy's balls go in
because your stupid cookie crumbs
affected the ball damn it they're not
even that good
bingo was his name-o
[ __ ]
so how much money did you make marvin we
lost a hundred thousand dollars what you
don't have a hundred thousand dollars
well i didn't lose it brooklyn guy bet
it so he lost it how's he gonna pay that
back i don't know hey danny look my
head's your washing machine
who's that
hello hey say the thing
hello i'm selling girl scout cookies
would you like to buy some why are you
doing this i gotta make back that
hundred thousand dollars somehow please
buy some cookies
[Music]