so guys what do you want to do today we
could watch Disney plus they get recess
on that mother schmucker's recess yeah I
love that show
who doesn't Junior do they have brandy &
mr. whiskers I have no idea oh it's okay
if they don't I have the complete DVD
boxset
ooh the complete series uh-huh well
that's what we're doing today
fire up the DVD player and get out that
motion yeah that dog was so hot the
things I'd do to her yeah I throw her a
bone if you know what I mean and I'm not
even into girls
gosh I'm sure what's wrong Joseph do you
not have Disney Plus no I'm poor dude
but that's not the point huh there's
something wrong with my fish I think
it's sick what you have a pet fish yeah
it's something wrong with you dude well
then go get your fish and we'll tell you
there's something wrong with it
okay I don't know he had a pet fish all
right guys this is my pet fish mr. spicy
and I think he's sick because normally
he'll be swimming around Wolvie doing
stuff but he's not doing anything or
something's wrong guys do you know
what's wrong
Junior that fish is dead yeah I don't
know how to tell him what do you want to
tell him or should I I guess I'll tell
him in a nice way okay mr. C whoa Joseph
cool dead fish huh smooth Junior dude
he's not dead well then why is he a
skeleton dude he's a skinny he's on a
diet well what are you feeding him his
fish food duh Joseph those are sprinkles
dude that's what he eat well I'm pretty
sure fish aren't supposed to eat rainbow
jimmies Oh mister splashy eat rainbow
jimmies
see ya he's really going to town of
those sprinkles yeah he's not eating
them Joseph dude I know that's the
problem something's wrong well why is
there only like a little bit of water in
his bowl dude I didn't want him to drown
duh he's a fish yeah you need to water
it well how'd you get the name mister
splashy do he splashes water everywhere
that's why I had to take some water out
well that was probably because he was
too big for the bowl yeah so where'd you
get him at he's like a really big fish
dude I found him in a lake I captured
him with my mouth like a bear hey you
know honestly it's a miracle this fish
lasted as long as he did yeah yeah this
fish is dead Joseph you need to bury him
dude he's not dead please just call a
vet or something okay I guess we'll call
a vet so the vet can tell you that he's
dead
hey there somebody call the vet yeah we
did wait what's on your shirt oh oh you
got me good oh you little turd you
little rascal Oh can't believe I fell
for that that's embarrassing
yeah yeah seriously what's on your shirt
well no I'm not falling for that again
but it's cat blood but cat blood yeah
you ever tried to neuter a cat well it's
still awake yeah well I have and let me
just tell you that's what I get for not
using anesthesia anyway what's your
animal emergency I mean I know you're
all animals but which one needs to help
well my friend has his pet fish and he
thinks it's sick so can you tell us
what's wrong with it okay where's the
fish it's the skeleton oh the bones oh I
thought that was like a spooky fishbowl
decoration or something like maybe
bubbles come out of his mouth no no the
fish is the skeleton bones oh I don't
really know what to tell you kid he's
dead he's not dead
yeah he is no he's not dude he's alive
okay thinks his fish is alive so uh
what's another word you'd use for dead
well I would say he's not alive dude
he's alive he's just sick you don't know
what you're talking about okay okay mr.
vet what do you think went wrong here
well it looks like he doesn't have
enough water in the bowl and the bowl is
too small and it looks like he's been
feeding him cupcakes sprinkles so that's
three big no nose right there yes sir
would you suggest him do right now with
the fish well I would suggest that he
probably buries the fish or flushes it
down the toilet and then never buys
another fish again because he sucks at
being a pet owner well you heard him Joe
said you need to flush him or bury a man
it could he's dead no he's not dead he's
alive dude just if he's not alive dude
you just met because kids not alive you
see you know I don't have to listen to
this I'm gone well you forgot your your
cupcake sprinkles for your fish okay
clear something that's that's really
weird he's like obsessing over that
stupid fish Oh what do we do Junior oh I
have an idea
follow me Queen we got you a new fish
yeah Joseph look see how he moves around
and is alive I don't wanna do fish my
she's fine
just a little but but Joseph look
at this face look he moves around and
and doesn't look like a skeleton
look I don't care just leave me alone
okay Joseph your fish is dead who could
tell you that your fish is dead that
you'd actually believe them maybe God if
God told me did I have to believe them
right okay fine let me go call God
wait yeah I have God's number how did
you get God's number I mean ever well
cool we're tight don't you think that
could have come in handy many times in
the past I don't like to bother them
because you know you got Joseph stop
feeding that fishy hungry let me call
God real quick Oh mister splashy come on
God please answer what's up Ken hello
this is gone I'm kind of busy right now
what do you want
oh hey god it's me jr. yeah great I'm
playing for time right now Oh fortnight
yeah I'm gonna squad I got like six
kills a sniper
flick-right we got him it's fine what I
wasn't talking to you it's talking to
the squad oh wait wait how many squad
rillette like eight what do you want
what are your favorite sports team to
win or win the lottery just what they're
now okay my friend Joseph has like a pet
fish and it died and he doesn't believe
it's dead unless you come down and tom
is dead yeah okay do you want me to do
that like like today does it have to be
like right now yeah like it'd be good if
you do it right now he's kind of upset
about it all right fine hold on guys
hold on I'm gonna I'm buying this tree
real quick just just make sure nothing
happens to me okay I'm serious if
something happens to me I'm gonna delete
this whole game from existence all right
all right kick come on hurry up we gotta
go right now okay
sign something you got a pen let's hurry
this another God God all you have to do
is tell him that his fish is dead which
one the dead one yeah it's dead it's
very dead
very sad we done here yeah yeah yeah he
isn't heaven I actually saw him on the
way down he said to tell you hi he said
please tell Jack I said hi Joseph Joseph
Joe Stan it was Joseph he didn't he did
say Joseph yeah will you tell my love oh
but yeah no I mean he knows yeah you
know he knows he's looking down on us
right now he's smiling down on us with
his fish smile are we done or what oh
wait one more thing God is my mom ever
gonna come back
no anyway bye jack bye Cody all right
Joseph you just heard from God that your
fish is dead so get over it God knows my
name that's sick
my chile's gone what do you think his
gamertag is it's probably gone oh yeah
he probably got the first line yeah you
do whatever you want city's God hey dude
do you think you can bring my fish back
tonight no because then God is extremely
busy and he probably does want to bring
back your stupid fish and it probably
gets his rules to bring back stuff that
died I know your fish's dad you said if
you heard from God you get over it look
we got you a new fish to play with the
new fish because I want this fish I'll
take it yeah there's a perfectly good
fish but cool
Joseph's still upset with a dumb fish we
have to help get over it Junior what is
he doing I don't know he's being really
weird he's scaring me I don't know is
that even English
I don't think so Jenny this is not
normal yeah this is not normal way to
stop him huh oh I'm sorry dude you
caught me being weird yet Joseph you're
being really weird that you're doing all
this over fish but I love you I don't
even think fish have feelings it's not
like it's a dog or something
I wouldn't even do this over a dog or
any animal I wouldn't even do this if
you died dude I don't know how to let go
though dude it's real simple Joseph but
what we do is we put them in the toilet
and we flush them down it is really that
simple
yeah I'll do it right now give it to me
I'll be right now okay dude oh yeah do
it push him
all right Joseph he goes in the sewer
yeah grab a hammer I'm gonna break them
into pieces
we're gonna go release them in the ocean
I can't go though why because I sunburn
really easily so just go on without me
okay come on girls let's grab your
finish I pee in there so I don't touch
it you grab it and let's go to the ocean
all right Joseph bro Ventura splashing
the ocean so he can rest in peace
because that's where he belongs
okay mister splashy are you ready to go
back home
he's back where he came from and he's
happy now he can rest in peace let's go
I hope you check so Joseph you feel a
lot better now oh yeah dude I feel a lot
better thanks for helping me out bro hey
guys what's up god no hey I just wanted
to apologize for how I acted earlier I
was in a rush with fortnight and all
that oh did you win
oh no we came in third but you know what
they say first is the worst second is
the best third is the one with the hairy
chest and it is it is very hairy Oh
why'd you come in third lag you know you
get really bad signal when you actually
live in a cloud
it's like plain Wi-Fi but even worse oh
well well yeah II understand Joseph's
over his fish now so everything's fine
now oh really
well I was actually just coming here to
offer to bring your fish back to life
like really yeah yeah I can do it but I
do need the body though so if you can
get me that I'll go ahead and get
started
spicy where's he going
[Music]
hey guys SML mercs on comm is having a
huge Black Friday sale where you can get
the Jeffy puppet for $59.99 holy horse
balls you can also get the jr. puppet
for $31.99 or you my complete bundle of
all the puppets on SML merch calm a huge
Black Friday sale everything is on sale
so go to s my merch calm it's not right
Jeffy
[Music]