so guys what do you want to do today
Cody that's my line yeah dude shut up
and Know Your Role sorry I just wanted
to say it this time no shut up okay so
guys what do you want to do today oh
dude let's play Tyrone versus the cops
what kind of game is that oh bro it's
this sick game where he plays this guy
named Tyrone and you have the vers of
the cops yeah give me back my rights oh
let's play it can I download it for
PlayStation 5 no no no dude it's on PC
well I don't have a PC I'm not sweaty
enough Cody do you have a PC yeah I have
one at home but my mom limits my screen
time and they a parental control on it
so I can't go on any websites that start
with a P or an X so I have to search big
we we on Google Images and sometimes I
find a good one oh well if we don't have
a computer house can we play it you can
play it on a steam deck dude we don't
have a boat Joseph it's not a boat dude
look look at the commercial it's right
there oh that's convenient hey there I'm
Tick Tock Superstar Shane Bastion now I
bet you're at home playing your Atari or
on your computer and you can't leave the
house but not me I can game on the go
cuz I've got a steam deck I'm playing
Tyrone versus the cops and I can play it
anywhere what other console can you play
on the go other than that one console I
can't legally say the name of but get
yourself a steam deck only 650
smackaroos waa I want that no no Junior
stop eating my hair Joseph get him off
dude you know he does that when he wants
something I know but we can't afford it
pinch his ear it's the only way come on
Junior okay okay damn I want that but
Junior that's 650 smackaroos that's way
too many smackaroos where are we going
to get that many smackaroos I don't have
any smackaroos do you have any Joseph
I'm broke as a joke bro well Cody do you
have any smackaroos we can borrow let me
see I only have 140 smackaroos waa Cody
where'd you get so many smackaroos well
I work at my aunt's bakery selling
macaroons for smackaroos she gives me
five smackaroos for every dozen
macaroons oh well we only need 500 more
smackaroos well that was close you were
10 off but still Junior where are we
going to get all those smackaroos oh I
got an idea we can have a yard sale
today it's nighttime yeah we can have a
nighttime yard sale no one's ever heard
of it and and that's why we'll make so
much money so go to your house and grab
all the stuff you're willing to sell
okay all right Joseph you go to your
house too I live in a dumpster go to
your dumpster and grab stuff you want to
sell okay dude all right yeah we're
going to have a wait you left Ken oh
yeah sorry I was about to sell him okay
Junior I'm back with my stuff yeah me
too dude O show me what you have wait
Junior where's your stuff oh I looked at
my toys and I decided I don't want to
get rid of any of my stuff oh so you
want us to get rid of our stuff yeah
what do you have I have this copy of
Over the Hedge on DVD holographic
collector's edition [ __ ] with your boy
and I got this sticky Hulk he's not very
sticky anymore but give me 20 minutes
I'll make him sticky and I got this
jumbo sticky hand from David Busters
still in the packaging I could get at
least 100 tickets for that bad boy and
check it out I have this Original
Classic Kodak camera it even still has
two pictures left on it okay well maybe
it's more like one picture now well
might as well take a selfie with it
while I have it okay guys say cheese
cheese cheese oh [ __ ] I think I blinked
well I guess we'll find out in one to
two business days dude let me show you
what I got I got this sick Naruto book
man Sasuke went nuts in this [ __ ] oh and
a whole bunch of football cards but my
favorite one is this autograph deshun
Watson card it came with a free massage
but I never cashed in on it it doesn't
look autographed oh it's sticky that's
how he signs it oh yeah my grandma gave
me this crucifix too but uh my life so
shitty dude there can't be a god there's
no way what Joseph why would you throw
that dude I don't need it my life sucks
but what if you get cursed or some [ __ ]
it's not real it's not going to happen
dude there's someone at the door maybe
it's Pizza why would you think it's
Pizza well why else would the door ring
at night come on Cody it might be a lot
of pizzas okay hello Junior why are
there nuns at your door I don't know
what do you guys want they're not guys
Junior they're women really those are
some ugly girls what do you ladies
want oh I think they're mad that we
threw the cross we didn't throw the
cross that was Joseph um Junior I think
she wants you to take it oh no we don't
want it you can have
it h Junior take the cross just take the
cross oh yeah I actually did want it
thank
you uh yeah yeah thanks uh dude was that
pie of the door no there was
none
Junior that's so [ __ ] funny that's a
hoot that's a hoot and a half oh my God
Judy the real knee slapper that was a
regular goof of paloa I'm going to write
that one down I don't get what's funny
dude oh you asked if there was pizza at
the door and there was none but because
there was no pizza but there were nuns
at the door why were there nuns at the
door oh they wanted to bring back your
Jesus what I told you I don't need that
stupid thing why would you do that cuz I
don't need it not you Joseph I was
talking to Logan why would you reuse the
footage of the Cross going out the
window you lazy sack of [ __ ] just throw
it again what you think I wouldn't
notice and you Joseph why did you throw
the cross again cuz I don't want it dude
but Joseph those NS at the door one of
them has a shotgun they might kill us oh
damn yeah they were really mad but
they're not going to come back right
oh that must be Pizza no Junior it's the
nuns again well let me check my doorbell
camera can you grab my phone yeah sure
let me see uh-oh Cody it's them again I
told you Junior uh do do we go answer it
no of course not that other one has a
gun yeah yeah we we probably shouldn't
answer it let's just ignore it well guys
we're just going to ignore them no one
answered the door good idea Junior oh
wait why don't we call the cops even
better idea can I use your phone so we
can keep looking at the cameras yeah
hold on let me get it okay Junior it's
already ringing 911 what's your
emergency uh yeah we have a problem well
yeah you called 911 so I assumed you did
so there's two nuns at my front door
nuns yeah like the old ladies uh-huh and
one has a shotgun oh yeah I could see
how that would be a problem okay well
obviously don't answer the door yeah we
answered it earlier I wouldn't have done
that yeah so can you come here okay yeah
I'm on my way but what are they doing
right now Cody what are they doing oh
hold on let me see oh no Junior they're
doing emotes and what's that oh no that
one's hitting the gritty hard as [ __ ] oh
my God they're doing for fortnite emotes
oh no those are very dangerous nuns ju
just stay inside and don't answer the
door okay please come okay what are they
doing now Cody let me see oh no Junior
one of them's doing the macarina and the
other one's riding her gun like a pony
oh no what do we do there's nothing we
can do junior we just have to wait for
the cops or Joseph can take his Jesus
statue back cuz that's all they want I
don't want it dude it could save our
lives Joseph oh no Junior look now she's
mining for materials she's about to
crack 90s Junior and look she has the P
squeak Axe and she has the rocket
backpack I don't even have that one yet
oh no if she gets 999 of all materials
she could build up to my window and kill
us that way oh no Junior look that one's
eaten popcorn and the other one's trying
to solve a Rubik's Cube and clearly
doesn't know what the hell she's doing
oh where's the cops please cops hurry up
oh no Junior look they're playing patty
cake freeze you nuns oh good the cops
are here put your hands up yeah yeah now
drop that gun yeah yeah that one yeah
you drop oh no oh no don't shoot him
don't shoot him oh she shot him and the
other one has the cops gun no oh God no
she's teabagging the cop the cop's dead
now no one's going to help us Joseph
just grab that cross nope for God's sake
Joseph go get your cross n- come on
Joseph grab it n- you're acting like a
child Joseph NOP NOP NOP nopy NOP Joseph
grab it right now no we're going to die
so so what do you mean so hold on maybe
the cop's not dead he got shot in the
face with a shotgun Junior well maybe
they missed and he's just faking his
death let's see wait Junior I only see
one nun where's the other one oh dear
God Junior yeah I think he's dead well I
was hoping he was still alive well now
you got your answer oh well look there's
nothing to worry about they're outside
we're in here as long as we have this
camera view of them we can just keep
watching them but oh no Junior what are
they doing now oh they're loading their
guns what oh no Junior they shot the
camera we lost our feed oh well uh well
as long as they stay outside we're
[Music]
good oh no Junior they broke it through
the front door run and hide ah
wait wait wait wait maybe we should
actually go running High instead of
running in circles yeah it's a good
idea run kitty kitty run okay guys we're
going to hide in my closet good idea
dude shouldn't we close the doors no
Cody we might run out of oxygen duh the
doors aren't air tight look I'm
claustrophobic Cody I don't want to
close the doors look we got to think of
a plan how about we fight back like the
people did on United 93 they all died
but they still fought back and died with
honor yeah they die fighting dude yeah
would you rather get shot or at least
grab the gun before you get shot it
doesn't seem like it makes much
difference we're going fight back how
about you guys distract the nuns and I
go outside and grab the cop's reboot
card Junior this is real life people
don't drop reboot cards well maybe he
did so look you guys distract the nuns
I'm going to go outside and grab the
card I feel like you're just trying to
leave us here no I wouldn't leave my two
best buds to get killed and me get away
safely o guys what is that is that a
Nerf gun yeah grab it and give it to
Joseph but it's a Nerf gun they have
real guns but dude I got a nice shot
yeah he he can shoot back and oh wait
Cody is that your violin case what yeah
how the hell did that get here I grabbed
it and hit it because you suck at
playing the viol I'm good at playing the
violin oh so look you pull out the
violin and you play your horrible music
their ears are going to bleed and then
Joseph you shoot them and I run outside
and grab the REO card okay I mean why
don't we just stay in here dude they'll
never find
us I think they found us shut
up oh they're looking for us oh I hope
they don't find us oh I really hope oh
we really should have closed the closet
door yeah yeah yeah we should have done
that yeah everyone be quiet everyone
don't move if you don't move they can't
see you Junior they're nuns not
T-Rexes they're
leaving guys guys I can't believe that
actually worked it worked oh [ __ ] oh
yeah I was loud I was loud was I being
loud yeah I was how loud was I being
just a little bit just like it was close
yeah I'm sorry guys it's my bad you guys
can shoot me first if if that makes it
better oh oh don't do that okay guys
guys before you shoot Cody uh he knows
how to play the violin yeah he's good
and and and you know how the people in
the Titanic they played a song while
they died yeah yeah so Cody would like
to play A Goodbye song on his violin
okay yeah can can you do that okay oh
get the violin last song Cody hurry up
get the violin okay I got the violin oh
you you guys are pulling up chairs oh
and you got popcorn that's yeah oh man
now that you guys are here I'm getting
kind of nervous Cody you better play
your ass off yeah not sof off dude okay
I'm going to play him by heart we'll go
on by Selene Dion from Titanic oh you
like that okay good here we here we
go it's working they're paralyzed come
on Jose let's run run oh he stopped us
he stopped us yeah she wouldn't let us
leave no okay well I don't blame for
that uhoh oh okay they're they're
they're mad yeah Jesus that's been nice
knowing you okay whatever you want us to
do we'll do it just please just let us
live I told you I don't want that uh you
know what this is my favorite thing ever
I'm I'm going to cherish this
forever
what that's it you guys killed a cop
just for that they just really want you
to have that Joseph Jesus that was that
was crazy what the hell don't even let
go of that just keep it in your hands at
all the time I will I will so Joseph you
said your grandma gave that to you yeah
dude but I didn't think she was going to
be on my ass about it my phone's ringing
God it's her hello Joseph what the [ __ ]
why are my sisters from church glor Lisa
and Betty May telling me that you threw
that cross I gave you out to damn Wier
cuz I don't need it Grandma [ __ ] you
saw they were packing heat yeah I saw
that look look I I would never throw it
out of the window again I'm sorry good
you better not now give Grandma some
sugar I love you I love you too Grandma
god well Joseph you better hang that up
so no demons come after us or nuns yeah
we don't want to get nun
[Music]
down
[Music]
he