hey Bo I need to talk to you not right
now Karen I bootleg downloaded the movie
Twisters from a shady website movie
theaters are just too expensive these
days oh well is it any good no the
quality is just okay the guy who
recorded it is eating his popcorn really
loud and he put his own Watermark all
over
it but it's just so scary there's just
so many tornadoes bunie you know those
aren't real tornadoes right yeah right
Karen you're telling me that's fake no
way they don't have that kind of
Technology bony listen can you please
pause your movie so I can talk to you
pause Twisters what if I miss something
like another tornado B there's probably
going to be more tornadoes yeah you're
right okay make it quick well Bo the
other night I cheated cheated what do
you mean you cheated I cheated Bo what
Karen you cheated how could you do this
to me I'm sorry Bo I just can't help
myself it's so easy well this is the
first time you've done something like
this no bo I cheat every chance I get
every time you leave the room oh who
have you even cheated with with well
there was one time with your brother
Jonathan but it was his idea you cheated
with Jonathan I did B Karen you're a
Serial
cheater I feel so dirty I'm leaving you
Karen I'm leaving you why bu why why why
am I leaving Karen because you cheated
on me because you're a lion cheating
[ __ ] lying cheating
[ __ ] oh I never should have told him
but I didn't now he'd act this
way Jeffy stop smelling those markers
going to make you high why so I can be
like you I'm not high Jeffy Marvin he
can smell those markers they're Scented
Markers yeah Dad I'm smelling some
fluffer Nutter right now that sounds
like a bad word I bend her over and
stuck it right in her fluffer Nutter
Jeffy don't say that there's someone at
the door hello hey there Marvin I just
happened to be in the neighborhood and
thought I'd drop by before I killed
myself what's going on buddy you don't
look so good oh I don't oh I'm sorry I
guess maybe you've just never seen the
face of a guy whose wife is a cheating
[ __ ] that's it that's the face it's me
wait wait your wife cheated on you what
gave you that idea well you said yes she
did she's a cheating [ __ ] apparently
she cheated multiple times every time I
was out of the room apparently just all
the time you know I never checked the
closet so I guess that's where she was
keeping them like brooms well what how
did you catch her being a cheater oh I
walked into the room she was eating a
pumpkin what never mind she's a cheating
[ __ ] she cheated on me with my own
brother your own brother yes do you want
to come inside I bet that's what she
asked them you know what I bet she
didn't even have to I bet they already
knew they could that's your Kink listen
come inside buddy let's just talk about
this iy D look I'm a unicorn Jeffy stop
it go to your room we have to talk about
adult things all right daddy well I'm
going to go to my room and use my
markers to color my butthole to look
like the LGB btq flag and it's going to
smell
fruity Morphin what's wrong with your
friend his wife cheated on him oh that's
so sad hey you guys talking about me
because that would be [ __ ] up it's
pretty messed up to make fun of a crying
man hey what can we do to make you happy
buddy well you could build a time
machine and send me back to before the
plane hit the tower so I could stand on
top of them and die what no buddy I
thought you were going to say send you
back before your wife cheated on you oh
no who knows when that started she was
probably doing that before she even met
me wait don't you cheat on your wife all
the time oh here we go yes I do but I
can do that because I'm the man I work I
pay the bills so I can do that it's like
a tax wait what isn't that the problem
though maybe that's why she cheated
Marvin Marvin are you are you sure your
wife's not cheating on you cuz that is
cheater talk you should smell her breath
and make sure it doesn't smell like
pumpkin listen buddy look just calm down
what can we do to like get you
distracted from your wife cheating on
you you're right Marvin I should cheat
on my wife to get back at her but you
already cheat on your wife no no this
time it'll be different cuz it's going
to be for revenge like like Japan they
blew up a couple of ships at Pearl
Harbor so we dropped two nukes on their
asses that's what I'm going to do I'm
going to bang two hot [ __ ] come on
Marvin to the strip club Marvin no
Marvin to my car but you can't drive
youve been drinking I'm not going to
drive you're going to drive wing wing I
got to go with him Marvin please no I
got to make sure he doesn't drive drunk
okay oh no you're not driving give me
your keys oh you want my keys huh okay
there you go yeah you're not driving
it's pushed to start you [ __ ] idiot
it's a Hyundai Sonata oh no no don't
drive don't
drive the best part about working the
night shift alone is you get all the
dunit oh wanking wallaby is that a drunk
driver I'm going to go get him oh my God
the cops are behind us cops I'm a cop if
I just let him know they'll let him go
oh God thank God you're stopping just
let me do all this talking excuse me sir
you a swering oh hey Mark Simmons it's
my partner Simmons Marvin we are good we
are good Simmons is going to let me
drive drunk arous Simmons actually M I
can't do that wh why not well because my
body Cam's on you [ __ ] idiot you're
supposed to turn it off well they don't
let us do that anymore mate I just put a
sticker over mine how many beers have
you had tonight this is is my sixth one
here you want to sip no M you know I'm
working I can't drink on the job plus
I'm already six donuts deep I got donuts
in my car you want one oh [ __ ] yeah
Marvin you want a donut Marvin doesn't
but I do all right mate give me one
second put put it put it right in my
mouth there you are oh [ __ ] I'm too
drunk to eat donuts all right mate well
I'm going to have to do a sobriety test
for you so I'm going to need you to get
out of the car Simmons's already told
you I'm drunk I don't have to prove it
God you are the worst cop ever all right
mate well I'm going to have to turn you
in so come on get out of the vehicle
okay I will get out but first you have
to give me a hug all
right stupid
Pig what you just tasered a cop strip
club Marvin titties what titties Marvin
titties look at that Marvin titties I
don't want to be here let's leave come
on Marvin my wife cheated on me and you
tased a cop you're probably wanted I
don't care Marvin I have nothing left to
live for like watch this hey ho what
come here yeah let me grab that oh wow
those are nice hey you had to pay for
that oh okay here here you go there you
go oh my God yeah enjoy it it's my life
savings hey no punching the ladies the
[ __ ] hey buddy you better get out of my
face before my friend Marvin kicks your
ass oh I'd like to see him try kick his
ass Marvin oh no I'm not I don't want to
kick his ass no kick his ass you could
do it punch punch him right in the nose
he's got a weak sinus cavity I can tell
it's like punching a shark just knock
him right out yeah punch me in the nose
see he wants you to do a punch him
Marvin I'm not punching quit being a
[ __ ] and punch him
okay oh my God he broke my wrist he
broke my wrist Marvin what you think
you're the equalizer you're not Denzel
Washington you guys need to go oh you
still want us to leave oh yeah okay let
me just finish my
beer see what I tell you Marvin I
knocked his ass out with my beer bottle
and it didn't even break how do they do
it in movies I think he broke my wrist I
need go go to the hospital oh okay hold
on hey girl what come back to my house I
want you to meet my wife give me money
oh okay fine here you go yeah see this
is what you want yeah I got all the
power come on okay Marvin what happened
to your hand he broke it cuz he thought
he was The Equalizer no you told me to
punch that guy in the face wait where
have you guys been the strip club Marvin
how could you I was trying to stop him
from drinking and driving and then he
tasered a cop and tell her what else I
did and then we went to the strip club
and then he met this stripper and he
took her on a shopping spree and bought
her whatever she wanted and then he went
to the bank and gave her his life
savings why would you give that [ __ ]
all your money oh damn I I am so sorry
she actually prefers the term hoe it's
more respectful he saved me from a ditch
and now I'm a classy ass [ __ ] why would
you give that hoe all your money oh easy
see my wife cheated on me so at the end
of the day I'm planning on a you know
yeah can't take it with me right so I
think I'm maybe going to run into a
train you know just make it nice and
quick and by the way don't [ __ ] do
that if you were going to do that
because of the scene you have bigger
problems and you should probably get
some help I shouldn't have to tell you
that and now you can get some help with
today's sponsor me telling you not to
[ __ ] do that and also gamer Subs I
guess listen buddy I know your wife
cheated on you but you don't oh thank
you for reminding me I forgot for a
second listen man you can just take the
money away from her like you can take
all that stuff back and get your money
don't don't worry I I'm not going to do
that Marvin stop you're scaring her
listen you're just doing squeeze me but
I'm going to go brag to my wife wife
that I have a new hotter wife and no
money oh man he's ruining his life I
can't believe you told him we did it I
had to tell him the truth it was killing
me hey love birds Bo what it is I just
wanted to introduce you to my new girl
what is your name Angel D this is
Veronica she's definitely not a stripper
and I gave her our entire life savings
Bo you cheating on me yeah I guess
you're not the only one who likes to eat
pumpkin huh come here pumpkin bu what
are you talking talking about well you
cheated on me so I cheated on you Bo I
didn't cheat on you I cheated well
tomato tomato you're still banging other
guys it doesn't matter what you call it
no bo think what were we doing the other
night well apparently you were banging
my brother while I was watching TV I
wish no bo we were playing board games
and I cheated at board games wait wait
wait wait explain well Bo remember when
we were playing Guess Who well there was
a mirror behind you so I could see who
your person was and was able to guess
who it was by looking at the reflection
and then we played Monopoly and I was
the banker so I kept stealing money from
the bank when you weren't looking then
we were playing Uno with Jonathan and he
gave me a bunch of draw four cards under
the table so we could make you keep
drawing cards all game long damn it I
knew there was no way you had that many
draw fours it was so funny Bo cuz you
had like 50 cards and you kept having to
draw four more and you just kept buying
up all those properties and Monopoly Bo
h Hy I didn't buy those properties oh
God damn it I just thought you were
really good at guessing who no well I
did a lot to screw up my life it's okay
Bo I still love you no you don't
understand Karen I tased a cop I I hit
this really scary bodyguard guy I gave
our entire life savings to this stripper
see I thought I was going to get hit by
a train later and now I still want to
it's okay Bo you'll earn your money back
and when you do can I go shopping sure
if the train doesn't kill me come on Bo
let's let's go play board games yeah
that's a good idea Karen we can set up
the board right in front of the train
[Music]