all right crft today I'm going to go
around and pass out your test from
yesterday and just to let you all know
everyone did bad oh no we all did bad
dang it dude I can't fail again he must
be lying cuz I know I didn't fail I
didn't fail either all right Patrick
here's your test back you fail oh man
here you go Roy you fail that's totally
not cool and here you go Little T you
fell oh man obviously you failed Jeffy
oh man you're telling me all the answers
aren't seven and of course you failed
Bor whatever I didn't even try all right
Junior here your test you failed failed
my dad's totally going to ground me haha
Junior you failed shut up Penelope and
here you go paner here your test you
failed what I've never failed a test in
my life this must be a mistake haha and
Joseph here you go here your test you
failed oh man well at least I don't have
parents to check my grades wow that
really does suck for you guys I can't
believe I'm the only one in the class
who didn't fail fail is what you did
Cody there your test fail no no no no no
I I don't fail no you must have graded
this wrong no no no no no no no I I was
in a rush all right stop your whining
craft you all failed which means you're
all done come on teacher there must be
some extra credit we can do I have to
wipe this F off my record you could have
at least just given me a big hard D
extra credit I'm I'm glad you said that
Cody because I have a series of games we
could play and it's ironic because I'm
Korean but how would you crash right to
play the games and the winner of those
games gets an A in the crft for the
whole year and no homework no homework
for a year games I love games an a for
the whole year yes we want to play we
want to play we want to play okay good
everyone wants to play so the first game
we're going to play that who him oh
that's my friend he's just cold all the
time so he likes to wear a jacket a mask
and gloves but anyway why does he have a
gun cuz he's got to stay strapped
because the streets are tough but anyway
the first game we're going to play is
red right green right so what you're
going to do is everyone's going to line
up at the back of the crass and when I
say green light you're going to run
towards the board but when I say red
light you're going to stop if you're
moving when I say red light then you're
going to get aminated by getting shot
with the Nerf gun okay and whoever
reaches the board is safe but whoever
doesn't is a reminy so everyone go to
the back of the crft we're about to stop
oh man this is so cool all I have to do
is win a few games and I get no homework
for a year Junior don't pretend you're
going to win this I'm going to get that
a this isn't a math game dude this is
Red Light Green Light it's about who's
the fastest yeah dude guys why don't we
all work together that way we all get
A's shut up Penelope yeah shut up
Penelope I'm going to win this all right
let me repeat the rules on green right
you run towards the board when I say red
right you stop if you move on red right
you're going to get AR remated with the
Nerf gun okay let's begin green
right super fast dude
[Music]
R did he just get shot Jesus Christ dude
it was just a Nerf bullet I think he's
actually dead nobody move anybody moving
all right oh green R start walking dude
no Cody you start walking I'm not moving
Jeffy are you going to move
yeah red
[Music]
light all right that's two dead so far G
right run toward the board run the board
I made to the board I'm safe me too me
too we Doo did you are crazy dude I'm so
happy to be alive yeah me too all right
congratulations crass you finish this
round now go back to your desk and get
ready for the next game get the dead
bodies out of here and get the cookies
[Music]
ready just doing my neighborhood Patrol
since they took my cop car away wait a
minute do I smell burning bodies H it
smells like it's coming from inside this
Grill let's take a look Jesus
Christ holy
guacamole
jinkies how'd that get in
there that's not
good I should really do something about
this instead of opening and closing this
Grill over and over again okay all right
they're already dead but let's think
about this okay if I hide behind this
Grill whoever put the bodies in there
we'll probably come back with more
bodies and then I can catch them all
right oh dude I don't want to play this
anymore either it's not worth dying but
we have to play so that we all pass yeah
I'd rather die than fail uh teacher can
we stop playing yeah all right crass
this is how it works if you don't want
to play the games anymore then majority
of you have to vote to stop playing so
there are seven of you so that means
four of you have to vote to not play the
game anymore so who doesn't want to keep
playing I don't want to play anymore you
can count me out yeah and I don't want
to play anymore either but Junior isn't
your dad going to ground you if you fail
I guess you're right when my dad sees my
grades he's pretty much going to kill me
anyway I guess I'll keep playing uh I
don't want to play anymore cuz this is
too crazy for me uh I don't want to play
anymore either cuz I'm Roy and I'm too
cool to play this and I have too much to
live for all right CR that's three
people who voted to quit playing you
need one more vote in order to stop
playing the games Jeffy what do you want
to do come on dude in the games it's not
worth not having homework for a year
wait no homework for a whole year I want
to keep playing okay that means we're
going to keep playing these games yes
woohoo yeah oh you guys suck this isn't
we're dying for all right crft the next
game we're going to play is called
Misfortune cookies so if you were to
have a cookie in any of these shapes
what shape would you pick on the piece
of paper in front of you draw the shape
of the cookie you would want ooh I want
a circle cookie cuz chips or Hoy cookies
are circles that's very creative Junior
ooh I'm going to do triangle like a
Christmas tree ooh I'm going to do a
square cuz it reminds me of the box I'm
going to live in when I'm homeless you
guys are all picking lame shapes I'm
going to do the star cookie all right I
think everyone's done drawing their
shapes hey you go pass out the cookies I
told you square cuz it looks like
SpongeBob Square Pants I chose a star
because I am one I'm cool I chose
triangle cuz it looks like the tip of my
pee pee what the hell is this this is a
weird cookie can we eat it no crash you
cannot eat the cookie too late
all right crft you cannot eat the cookie
what you're supposed to do is is cut the
shape out of the cookie without breaking
the shape if you break the shape you get
arated oh come on that's impossible I
got the hardest shape yeah my shape's
really hard I got the easiest shape
mine's easy too dude looks like I'm
moving to the next round oh where do I
even start I did it I did it I did it
too great I'm really happy for you guys
oh god oh yeah that's not stressful at
all I'm doing it okay jeez
just oh boy oh don't break don't break
don't
break well I love you
Ken Cody die dude hurry up don't die
okay I'll trying I'm trying oh poor
Cody uh Mr jacket dude I broke mine can
I have another one
[Music]
they killed Roy the Roy I thought Roy
was too cool to die come on Junior take
your cookie out I'll take you out on a
date and pull those
pigtails I hope your cookie breaks I
don't know how I'm going to do this um
teacher I'm done am I allowed to eat the
cookie now yes craft if you successfully
get the shape out you can eat the cookie
yes dude I'm hungry I'm not eating this
I don't know where it's been oh I don't
know how to do this better hurry up
Junior oh I'm I'm going I'm going all
right CR you got 10 more seconds to get
the shape out of the cookie or else he's
going to blow your brains up hurry dude
I'm hurrying I don't want to mess this
up hurry up Junior come on I believe in
you dude I don't want you to
die here goes I'm going to try to break
it 2 I did I did I did I did I didn't
break it yes dude a man I wanted it to
break I move on to the next round
congratulations craft four of you are
moving on to the next round all right go
get rid of all the dead bodies all right
CR we're going to take a quick break so
I can get your next game setup I switch
seat uh guys what do you think the next
game's going to be well there's four of
us so maybe we'll play Four Square no
dude it's going to be free tag and if
you get tagged you die well I think
Whoever has his shortest winner is going
to die so you can go ahead and shoot
[Music]
me aha you're the one that's been doing
this come here all right crft for the
next game you're going to need to pick a
partner so go ahead and choose someone
to be partners with pick a partner ooh
pick me dude I'm your best friend I know
Joseph but what if the next game is to
make a baby I want to be partners with
Penelope if that's the next game go
ahead and shoot me dude that's not going
to be the next game we're kids pick me I
guess you're right Joseph let's be
partners yes oh sweet n i means I get to
be partners with a girl with boobies we
got this Jeffy we're going to win no me
and Joseph are going to win yeah all
right CR now that you have your partners
let's start the next game wait where did
my little guy go with the gun oh damn it
let me go see where he went all right I
took that guy's suit oh man this thing's
sick I'm going to wear it when I go
skiing hey what's taking you so long uh
I I had to pee you're not supposed to
talk come on what all right stand right
there and shut up is this a classroom
shut up okay jeez all right CR so the
next game we're going to play is heads
or tails so each group is going to get
one quarter and then each of you is
going to pick a side either heads or
tails and then you're going to flip that
quarter and whatever side the quarter
lands on whoever had that side gets to
live and the other person gets shot by
this guy I'm sorry what all right let's
get started oh man Joseph I don't want
to play this anymore me either dude I
thought we were going to be on the same
team not going against each other I
don't want you to die Joseph I don't
want you to die
dude well once getting this over with
what sign you want Tails never fails all
right well that means I'm heads
[Music]
well wait wait wait what side is it I
can't see in this mask it's Tails so I
win oh okay well I'm going to be honest
I I don't really know what the hell I'm
supposed to do you're supposed to shoot
him I won like like with this Nerf gun
yeah oh oh okay what's that going to do
Jesus Christ is this a real gun yeah
they make it look like a Nerf gun no no
no no no I'm shutting this down
right now all right that's it I'm not
playing this game anymore I'm a cop and
you're under arrest okay well you see
this remote control yeah and you see
that suit you're wearing yeah well if I
press this button on this remote control
that suit will self destruct well looks
like I'm shooting some people that's
what I thought all right you better
hurry up and flip that coin uh Joseph
what side do you want the side that'll
win uh what side would you choose oh man
that's tough I mean it's literally 50/50
so it doesn't really matter well help me
choose listen kid if I tell you what
side to pick and you pick that one and
then you die I'm going to feel bad I'm
going to have to live with that on my
conscience especially cuz I'm going to
be the one who shoots you well H what if
we both choose heads yeah if we both
choose heads and it lands on heads can
we both live yeah I like that what if
they both pick heads and it lands on
heads can they both live you can't do
that one's got to pick tails and one's
got to pick heads sorry you heard him
you got to pick one of the other okay
what if when we flip the quarter it
lands on the side of the quarter like it
doesn't land on each side yeah what if
when they flip it it lands on the side
of the coin and not either of the other
sides well by the off chance of that
happening you flip the quarter again you
keep flipping it until it lands on a
side yeah you heard him you got to flip
it again well what if it never lands on
a side what if it keeps Landing I I
think he's going to insist that it lands
on one side or the other okay Joseph
what side do you want Oh I want Tails
dude well I wanted Tails dude I want it
first okay how about we flip the quarter
to find out who gets Tails if you don't
flip the quarter right now I'm shooting
both of you oh okay I'll be heads okay
all right flip the
[Music]
quarter it's shoot him shoot shoot him
what I thought it was your friend
dude well well well we're down to the
final two Junior and panari what's the
next game going to be shut up it's on
the board oh yeah I guess it is I just
can't really see too good out of this
mask shut your PlayStation controller
face up all right anyway Junior and
panel your final game is one round of
rock paper scissors you're going to play
that round and whoever loses gets
eliminated and the last person standing
is the winner you ready Junior uh why is
your hand in your skirt because I don't
want you to see what I picked can I put
my hand up your skirt to choose what I
want oh just go uh what would you pick
listen man you're on your own this time
okay uh Rock Paper sciss Scissors Shoot
e why does your finger smell like fish
oh my God I won wait what is it I can't
see in this mask this mask sucks he has
paper and I have scissors no no no no
this is Rock that's not a rock Junior
yeah it is it's a very Flat Rock no
okay okay listen I'm getting tired of
this oh my God I won yay my daughter won
what Dad yeah what are you doing here
this is awful oh come on it's not like I
signed up for this did you not hear the
thing about the suit exploding
congratulations paner you're the winner
of squid game I don't know why it's
called that but you're the winner so
that means you get an A+ for the rest of
the year and no more homework yay
congratulations Penelope I'm really
proud of you thanks Dad yeah so just go
home and tell your mother that she is a
fat cow and tell her to stop eating so
much that's why you got divorced Dad
yeah it is and now I'm going to go home
to my other wife I don't
like who are you it's just me Karen Bo
is that you yeah why you get dressed
like a ninja it's just I I had a thing I
had to do well how was your day Bo I
just you know what I really just don't
want to talk about it
he
[Music]