hey Danny you want to see me showing
with me while I play my cow piano no
Jeffy my daddy I already got you a
microphone that's not a microphone
that's a razor what's a razor I use that
to shave Jeffy goddamn [ __ ] you're
gonna push so big you gotta break out
the power tools I got a song about that
we don't want to hear a song Jeffy turn
off your cat piano go to your room go
Mommy needs to shave her hairy bush
shave her hairy bush shave her hairy
bush Mommy needs to shave her hairy bush
before it gets long and stinky that's it
Jeffy you are you are grounded oh my God
look at that get the hamstring at least
we know that the carpet matches the
drapes
there's someone at the door baby just go
go wash his mouth out hello howdy
neighbor hucker dudes what do you want
well I'm taking my wife on a date night
to a fancy little restaurant called
Outback Steakhouse ever heard of it
really hard to get into 45 minute wait
with a reservation blooming onion to die
for filet mignon melts in your mouth
I've been to Outback Steakhouse oh I
didn't know you could afford it father
why can't we go now Timmy what did you
get on your report card a b a b well I B
positive you're not going Outback
Steakhouse anyway Marvin I was seeing if
you'd watch the tots for us the last
babysitter got fired for sleeping on the
job now Hank tell him where she was
caught sleeping in bed with me that's
right you cheating best son yeah that's
why I'm taking her to Outback Steakhouse
I gotta apologize somehow
it's not enough oh come on honey I told
you you could get two appetizers just as
long as one of them's that blooming
onion well here we have a list of hakka
do's and don'ts for you yeah it's like
an instruction manual for kids sometimes
you just want to take the batteries out
huh Marvin well I'm really busy here you
go yeah phone number's on the back see
you later I didn't say yes
come inside kids
who's at the door Marvin it was the
hucker dudes they want us to watch their
kids and you said yes they didn't give
me a choice come on Danny you know Mommy
wanted to spend some alone time with you
that's why she shaved her Bush so what
are your names hello ma'am my name is
Timmy and I'm Susie pleasure to meet
your acquaintance what do you two do for
fun well we follow a very strict
schedule first we practice our
instruments I play the violin and now I
play piano then we have our vocal
lessons
Susie needs a few more lessons then we
take a bath together to save on water
then we go to bed at 8pm sharp I hate my
life are you kids hungry well we are
but our mother packed us some romaine
lettuce to nibble on in case we do get
hungry
kill me okay you kid they're not eating
romaine lettuce for dinner I'm gonna get
Chef people to make them something else
I'm not gonna follow your mom's stupid
list because I've raised my own son and
he turned out fine oh my [ __ ] all
right Jeffy take them to your room while
we cook dinner and show them your stuff
all right guys come to my room I'm gonna
show you my [ __ ] all right guys this is
my playroom that's my [ __ ] wow you have
so many toys our parents don't let us
have toys
seriously kill me do you guys want to
see my mommy's favorite toy sure
it's a dildo what is a dildo well she
uses you to relieve stress and it smells
like pickles but I'm still confused what
is a dildo well it's dough that smells
like dill pickles here playing with it
wow thanks Jeffy
it's so squishy and slimy and ew pickles
I want to try how many
how would you say okay here Susie
wow Jeffy thanks for letting me and my
little sister play with your mom's dildo
I can't wait to tell my parents yeah
it's pretty fun isn't it this looks so
delicious oh I'm gonna be a fat ass
tonight hey Chef PeePee what are you
cooking for dinner my signature double
donut double cheeseburger and doubled on
that chicken sandwich
cheeseburger in between two crispy
Krispy Kreme Donuts yeah but I'm the
first one to think of it it's not a
little unhealthy yeah but it's unhealthy
Wednesday and on unhealthy Wednesdays we
make bad decisions and eat bad food all
because my parents got a divorce on a
Wednesday you don't never forget about
it well I'm babysitting two kids can you
make two more of these donut double
cheeseburgers oh yeah you got it let me
get on it whoa It's So stretchy and long
all right kids it's time for dinner oh
hey Mr Marvin we're having a blast
playing with your wife's dildo what it
tastes horrible though what Daddy what
are they talking about this Daddy it's
dildo where'd you find this I found it
in mommy's bedside table it was right
next to the big rubber dick well Jeffy
don't play with this near the carpet I
don't want it to stain anything all
right kids come downstairs it's time for
dinner
all right kids here's your dinner wow
this looks really unhealthy and here's
some ice cream the dippy burgers in holy
macaroni that's a lot of sugar in that
drink we're not allowed to have sugar
okay oh come on Timmy we already broke
one rule today we played with that
lady's dildo you're right and it smelled
like pickles ew what the [ __ ] you know
what I don't even want to know come on
kids just eat your food are you sure we
shouldn't just munch on this romaine
lettuce our mother gave us no you need
to eat some new food your parents are
lame and they make you eat a bunch of
healthy stuff sometimes it's good to eat
unhealthy food well I guess you're right
hey daddy where's mine uh you got these
green beans Jeffy oh that makes a lot of
sense they get the fun food and I get
these green beans well you wouldn't know
what I think about your green beans no
whatever you go to your room planned on
it I am so sorry about him doing that oh
it's all right our parents fight all the
time now for me to try this food
holy [ __ ] Susie you gotta try this stuff
it's like crap I'm gonna try this
Monster Energy Drink do it do it do it
do it
me too you wanna have some great stuff
and then I don't run around and Break
Stuff oh my God what'd I do
we did
okay here you go
what are you kids doing hey Susie let's
go play the garbage can
I'm gonna call your parents Marvin
what's all that noise downstairs the
kids are running around the house and
breaking things what I
thought they're supposed to be well what
did you do I just fed them dinner what
did you feed them a donut double
cheeseburger and a Monster energy drink
well you should have fed him green beans
like you tried to do me you bald ugly
douche Marvin where's that list they
gave you we don't need the stupid list
it's just a bunch of dumb stuff Marvin
right here it says don't drink soda and
don't eat candy well I didn't give him
soda or candy I gave him energy drink
and I gave him donuts
well look they're already breaking like
four of the rules because they've ran
around the house and they've been
breaking things
[Music]
I'm jumping Marvin oh yep I remember
they said they left the number on the
back of the paper so I'm gonna call the
dad okay I got my phone it's ringing hey
howdy hey it's Hank Hey listen Hank it's
an emergency you need to come back how's
it going it's not going good your kids
are running around the house and they're
breaking things fantastic no that's not
fantastic they're breaking every single
one of your hucker rules is that right
yes come back right now oh I'm just
kidding it's not really me it's my
answering machine for Hancock or dude
please leave a message after the
lawnmower
I got his voicemail ah Marvin there's a
there's a I'm a chicken Watch Me Fly
can't fly this one kid
okay I wrapped your broken leg in a
paper towel because we don't have a cast
and we don't want to call a doctor
because we don't want your parents
knowing you broke your leg gee whiz I
can't believe I got that crazy over a
little bit of sugar I guess that's why
it said hucker don't
my dad's gonna kill me your dad's not
gonna kill you because he's not gonna
find out about this Marvin how are we
gonna hide a broken leg because when
they get back he's gonna take the paper
towel off his leg he's gonna hop over to
his house and he's gonna act like he
falls on the stairs and that's how he
breaks his leg look that would be lying
and lying is a Hunker don't well you
already broke all the other huckle don't
so you're gonna do one more or I'm gonna
tell your parents about all the stuff
you did yes sir so Jeffy rumpus time is
over you're gonna take these kids to
your room and you're not gonna let them
leave okay yes sir all right guys we're
going in my room again you stay in that
room and if you leave I'm telling your
parents oh this is a nightmare all right
guys you gotta stay in my room my dying
shed show
I'm gonna play Roblox on my computer but
first i'm gonna watch this video
wow what are those two girls doing
they're naked and wrestling yeah I show
them like that is there a video of two
guys doing that too is is that a thing
can you look that up oh
I broke your off your candle you [ __ ]
no oh my God you hit my sister with a
baseball bat what's wrong with you you
want some too Daddy Daddy the [ __ ]
dude's gotta go Jeffy language yo mommy
that little girl broke my cat piano so I
hit her in hand with a baseball bat
baby go check on her okay why would you
do that because she broke my [ __ ] oh my
God
yes do you think she's dead hopefully
you murderer all right everyone calm
down stop yelling here's the plan when
your parents get back we're gonna put
sunglasses on her and we're gonna
pretend she's still conscious okay oh
like Weekend at Bernie's yeah just like
that and if you don't do that I'm gonna
tell your parents that you guys broke
all these rules I still think we should
tell the truth yeah I agree Marvin
they're here you know we're gonna do my
plan grab some sunglasses go hello Adam
Marvin we're just getting back from the
old Outback Steakhouse how was it that
was delicious the blooming onion was
crispy and guess who works there pot
time as a waitress
Santa yeah I gave her a big tip for the
second time today and then I gave her
some cash again for the second time
today yeah so Marvin how are the old
kids uh they're upstairs reading a book
oh what piece of literature uh a math
book oh Susie does need to work on her
math yeah she does but uh we'll just
grab our kids and be on our way more
well no no if you want them to stay the
night for like a month they can yeah no
can do see it's 801 so it's past the
bedtime and also we still got to do our
family prayer so we'll just grab the old
tater tots and be on our way oh okay
so your kids are in here but meet my
wife Rose oh does your husband cheat on
you too oh honey stop it why don't you
fetch me a toothpick I think I got some
blooming onions stuck in my teeth why
don't you have the waitress get it out
with her tongue you know I think I might
well kids it's time for you to go home
so go with your parents Susie why are
you slouching oh uh Susie isn't
slouching she's uh practicing for a
limbo competition oh well you know your
mother was a 10-time limbo Champion yep
why do you think we got two kids your
mother sure knows how to bend it over
tell me what'd you do today oh we had a
lot of fun we got to play with Mr
Marvin's wife's dildo man was it stinky
and slimy Susie fit the whole thing in
her mouth but she spit it out because it
tasted like pickles
what's wrong mother it was just a dildo
get your phone we're going Marvin don't
you ever speak to my family ever again
you don't understand it wasn't a real
dildo it was like a silly putty I don't
care what type of sick thoughts you have
just keep them away from me and my
family hey before you leave your
daughter has a concussion and your son
has a broken leg what
[Music]