oh what jeffy why are you drinking all
this soda because it's good i know it's
good jeffy but it's not good for you you
need to drink water there's a water
bottle in there that one bottle of water
is not going to make up for all the soda
you drink this is not healthy well daddy
it does feel like razor blades when i
pee from all the kidney stones see jeffy
and my piece the same color as my shirt
the color of cheese jeffy that is
disgusting look if you're gonna make
this mess at least throw it away all
right danny i'll put them in your trash
can marvin right now would be a good
opportunity to teach jeffy how to
recycle what to recycle it's when you
reuse a can over and over again oh so i
can pee in the can and didn't drink it
and then i got another soda no jeffy
that's gross no no it's when you throw
it away and the company reuses the can
and fills it with soda again so someone
else is going to drink out of this can
after i drank out of it yeah what if i
have age well you don't have aids but
what if i do now they're gonna get aids
well i'm sure they're gonna wash the can
before they reuse it so someone you just
came before me well probably what if
they had age no i'm gonna get a no no
they don't they don't reuse the same can
that they melt all the cans and then
they make new cans why would they do
that it's already a perfectly good can
well yes it is a perfectly good can but
they they want to burn off the aids so
there is age i'm gonna get i'm sure
there's someone who had aids that's used
one of these cans that's before they
were melted down and reused jenny there
is no aids okay it doesn't even get
transferred that way just jeffy we're
gonna recycle you grab all these cans
we're gonna show you how to recycle
okay jeffy this is the recycling trash
can that logo right there means recycle
that is the regular trash can that's
where regular trash goes can i see
sprite if i get aids no jeffy can i
shoot sun kissed if i get aged no jeffy
shut up can i shoot pepsi if i get i
need you to focus jeffy look in the
recycling trash can you put all the cans
and bottles in this trash can try it
okay
isn't this fun jeffy your help saving
the earth how is spreading aid saving
the earth what did you tell me you're
not spreading against if i hear you say
age one more time you're grounded
herpes
jeffy look go around the house and put
every empty can and bottle in the
recycling trash can okay all right
helping the world one aged can at a time
kobe
marvin don't get frustrated it's good
we're teaching jeffy how to recycle i
know it's just jeffy doesn't understand
normal things
danny can i recycle this chick-fil-a cup
yes jeffy no marvin you can't recycle
styrofoam but you can't no oh probably
because you can't clean all the age out
of jeffy oh i'm sorry you said don't say
age anymore probably because you can't
clean all the herpes out of it don't say
herpes either [ __ ] fullest jeffy listen
look you can only recycle cans and
bottles what about glass bottles yes any
kind of bottle just go
who's at the door
hello hey morgan goodman what are you
doing here my grandfather just died i'm
so sorry don't be he was an [ __ ] but
he left me this five million dollar ship
in a bottle five million dollars yeah
because it was the actual ship that
johnny depp found pirates of the
caribbean on it's called the black pearl
they just shrunk it down and put it in
this bottle for me that's really cool
yeah and i need you to hold on to it for
me why do you need me to hold on to it
because the irs is auditing me again if
they find out i have this 5 million ship
in a bottle they're going to make me pay
taxes and i hate paying taxes well i
don't like holding on to your expensive
stuff because something bad always
happens to it well i'm confident nothing
bad will happen to this because if it
does i'm going to put you in the bottle
and i'm going to piss in the bottle and
guess what you'll be swimming in piss
mine
so here you go okay let me grab it
that's really how you plan on holding my
five million dollar ship in a bottle
well i can't really grab it any other
way
that's brave i'll oh just pan up i'll
grab it who's at the door marvin it was
goodman he wants me to watch his five
million dollar ship in a bottle oh no
marvin every time he comes over with
something for you to watch something bad
happens you better not let that out of
your sight i'm not going anything bad
happened to a baby daddy you lied to me
what's wrong jeffy you said there is no
age while recycling and what is this
powerful age no jeffy that's the name of
the drink it's called power aid it's one
word no it's not why would they separate
power from age because it's powerful
aids no no jeffy it's power aid it's not
even aids it says aid so it's just one
singular powerful aid no no jeffy
there's no aids look just throw the
bottle away i can even throw it away if
there's something in it yes you can just
throw it away just throw any bottle you
see throw it away so no daddy anybody
any bottle you say you throw it away all
right you're bothering me i'm not gonna
let anything happen to this ship in a
bottle baby oh jeffy just went with the
bottle
[Music]
gotta see what you made me did you made
me miss recycling now i'm gonna get aged
tell me why'd you throw that bottle
today you told me every bottle not that
one well next time tell me not that one
there won't be a next country that
bottles worth five million dollars
oh my god it's destroyed marvin what are
we gonna do oh well well the ship is
still in one piece so all we have to do
is put the ship back in the bottle and
goodman won't know how are we gonna do
that i don't know but they somehow did
it before so all we do is grab the
pieces and put that together so grab the
ship grab everything
okay i have all the pieces marvin i
found a bottle that bottle's too small
it's the only one we have it's not gonna
fit here's what she said jeffy get out
of here what's wrong daddy you broke my
ship in a bottle and now i have to find
a way to put this [ __ ] back in the
bottle well i can take a [ __ ] in a
bottle but no jeffy [ __ ] s-h-i-p oh i
was wondering why it was so hard for you
to do that so leave i gotta find a way
to make this happen well danny i can put
this [ __ ] back in the bottle no you
can't yes i can't watch no no you gotta
break it jeffy mommy can you hold the
bottle for me
you're gonna break it look at it
stop it
what's up you
what jeffy what about me my life is
literally hell
what's wrong jessie
call me [ __ ] i didn't do anything wrong
i
know just trying to help i'm sorry jeffy
don't baby him hey marvin you get out of
here you've done enough yeah daddy you
heard her well he broke my five million
dollar ship in a bottle you were
supposed to be keeping your eye on it i
turned my back for two seconds and he
threw it away thinking it was a bottle
marvin he was trying to recycle he was
trying to help well now i'm gonna get
pissed on well don't take your weird
faces out on me daddy what did i listen
everyone shut the hell up look i have to
find a way to put a ship in a bottle or
i'm gonna die well why don't we call a
professional a professional ship and a
bottler yeah those don't exist
i can just call a handyman and see if he
can do it but
oh my life sucks my life sucks so much
hey there call a handyman ah yes please
it's emergency i will pay you twenty
dollars if you can put this ship in that
bottle just put that ship in that bottle
yes it's emergency okay i think i can do
that
no like that's not what i there you go
it's in the bottle pay up no no that's
not what i want you to do i want you to
build a new ship and put it in the
bottle no you said put the ship in the
bottle and i put the ship in the bottle
now pay up what no i needed like a new
ship no i i did it now you pay me
these are 20 thank you oh look i need
you to build a new bigger ship and put
it in that bottle but i don't know how
to build a ship i'm a handyman i fix
toilets and squeaky doors go watch that
one it's a good one but no you do build
stuff right well small things like like
bird houses oh look i need you to build
a birdhouse that floats on water but
it's it's not for birds it's for humans
it's a ship but i even if i knew how to
build a ship i don't know how i'd put it
in the bottle oh look how about this how
about we start with the ship build me a
ship and then we'll find a way to put it
in the bottle okay i'll see what i can
do all right well target didn't have any
ships but they had this police patrol
boat that looks kind of sick it's got
this lady shooting a net at the goon
down here in the submarine oh and they
have a drone that's cool even lego world
technology improves i wonder what their
names are oh he's hacksaw hank i guess
because he hack saws his victims to
death why is he smiling sick bastard
she's gracie goodheart and i guess
that's frankie lupelli why even bother
giving them names they're legos wait
what's this guy's name he doesn't have a
name can we please focus i just like
legos okay i do not need a lego police
boat all right fine i'll keep it then
i'll put it in my bathtub see it says
right there boat floats boat float
it's fun to say boat float try saying
that ten times fast boat boat
what was that for i need you to focus
look i need a pirate ship a black pirate
ship that can fit in that bottle well
target didn't have a lego set of that
even if there was a lego set of a black
pirate ship that'd be way too big to fit
in the bottle okay well everything's
gonna be too big to fit in the bottle
well listen listen can you please just
go back to the store and see if you can
find a ship in the bottle set or
something that we can use okay but you
owe me gas money give me another 20
bucks uh
there there's there's a super 20. all
right let's see what i can do and please
hurry all right i get you stupid dumb
ship in a bottle thing this is exactly
what we needed thank you screw off
what's wrong with you well i'm mad
because somebody hit my car in the
parking lot while i was looking for this
stupid thing how do you know because
there's a big dent in my bumper and they
left this note that said i'm sorry
i guess they thought if they wrote it
all cute it wouldn't piss me off but it
didn't work because i'm still pretty
pissed off well i'm sorry that happened
yeah screw off you're paying for the
damages on my car but why do i have to
pay for it because i wouldn't have even
been there if i wasn't looking for this
stupid thing at the store okay look
whatever can you just please help me
build this ship in the bottle okay i'll
try
oh my god where do we even begin look at
all these pieces take that hacksaw hank
no more hacksawing people for you what
are you doing i just built my police
boat lego set you're supposed to help me
with this ship in a bottle oh
oh man but that that just looks like
aids this is fun it's got a drone i want
to play with it in my bathtub and need a
hot pocket like ham and cheese that
sounds like a good night look i am
paying you to help me get this ship in a
bottle please i don't have time for this
oh but man i just
my back has aids just thinking about it
buddy please i need your help just help
me assemble the boat and then and then
we can figure out how to get in the
bottle okay see you later hacksaw hank
oh man that is that is that's just awful
i mean that's a mess i mean like we are
adults and that's the best we could do i
mean look it looks like a ship right i
guess like if it was abandoned for a
thousand years well all we have to do
now is put the ship in the bottle um
well i have an idea well what is it um i
think we should break the ball
hold on let me finish i think we should
break the opening of the bottle put the
ship in it and then glue it all back
together again that's gonna look messy
well do you have a better idea
okay okay okay you break the bottle but
be really careful okay like i don't want
to be able to tell it was broken okay
got it
all right so i'm just gonna smash this
bottle on these bricks and it'll break
evenly into two pieces are you sure of
course i'm sure trust me
oh okay straight again
oh it's sturdier than it looks you gotta
do a little harder
you just gonna break it into two pieces
huh well uh hey hey hey calm down it's
okay nothing a little tape can't fix huh
huh a little grumpy man oh you just
grabbed the pieces that was our last
bottle
oh my god would you look at that a
little bit of tape and it looks good as
new in fact the tape kind of hides how
crappy the boat is i mean it's better
than nothing yeah pay me
thanks for helping me thank you
well do you think it's believable that
nothing happened to it no
that means it's time for my funeral
hello hey marvin the irs just left my
house so i'm here to pick up my ship in
the bottle well it's upstairs nothing
happened to it did it oh no no nothing
happened to it at all because the glass
on the ground out here is very
reassuring oh i was going to sweep that
up yeah you should probably do that
let's go upstairs and look at your ship
in the bottle i can't wait to see what
cartoony [ __ ] happened to my bottle
well here's your ship in a bottle
get your ass in that bottle what get in
that bottle i drink an entire gallon of
water on my way over here and i have to
piss like a racehorse
[Music]