Junior tomorrow's Valentine's Day yeah
Junior aren't you excited it's our first
Valentine's Day together yeah it's fine
Junior come on pay attention to me hold
on I'm playing Black Ops 3 Zombies with
my friends but Junior Valentine's Day
look I'm on round 32 I have three
Pack-a-Punch guns with Mule Kick I have
speed cola Double Tap Root Beer and
Juggernog I can't go down right now what
Cody have the water waffle hold
on oh you [ __ ] oh you [ __ ] turn it
back on Junior come on let's talk about
Valentine's Day what about it you're
supposed to get me something I got you
the best gift ever it's the greatest
gift ever you've always asked for it
really yeah it's in my closet oh my God
Junior you do love me I'm going to go
home right now and go straight to bed so
I can wake up and it's Valentine's Day
already stupid [ __ ] oh we lost oh I
went down oh I bet they tried to revive
me and they all died oh Cody had the
wonder waffle I'm never going to hear
the end of this what the [ __ ] was that
Junior yeah dude it's like you weren't
even trying why did you keep going down
yeah I had Quick Revive and I kept
trying to revive you over and over again
but you just kept going down I had to
use my monkeys Junior my monkeys are you
blind why did you keep dying dude yeah
and after you went down we got double
points but we couldn't even use them cuz
you just kept going down and I had the
wonder waffle with Pack-a-Punch why
didn't you use your gobble gum well I
had the gobble gum that makes you
invisible to zombies for 10 seconds but
I wasn't able to use it because Penelope
turned off the TV I know we didn't lose
because of your stupid girlfriend dude
I'm over this why was she mad because
tomorrow's Valentine's Day and she wants
me to get her something good what did
you get her well nothing but I don't
know what to get her but I lied to her
and told her I got her the greatest gift
ever maybe you should kick her in the
teeth that's the perfect gift dude Cody
what should I get her I don't know have
you tried asking her she said that she
won't tell me because I should already
know what she likes well I don't know
what to get girls I like weener Joseph
what should I get her dude I don't have
a girlfriend maybe she just kick her in
the teeth come on guys help me think of
something to get her Joseph let's go
play Duos in Black Ops wait wait wait
you're not going to invite me no oh come
on guys oh who is someone that would
know what Penelope likes her dad and her
dad's a police officer I'm calling 911
okay I'm calling 911 911 what's your
emergency ah someone just broke into my
house and stabbed my dad five times he's
going for my mom come quick hey somebody
called the cops where's the killer oh I
lied about that oh you little rascal you
really got me I thought there was a
killer here you know I sped here as fast
as I could ran straight over my
neighbor's cat I mean I really creamed
that little [ __ ] yeah he's probably
going to bring that up at the next HOA
meeting oh God damn it they're going to
put speed bumps in my neighborhood
aren't they probably right in front of
my house too so thank you thank you for
that what what do you want well I'm
dating your daughter oh yeah yeah you
are hey hey hey quick word of advice if
she's anything like her mother she's
going to grow up to be really fat and a
huge [ __ ] and she's going to cheat on
you in a Walmart parking lot with a
whole bunch of guys but you didn't hear
that from me well tomorrow is
Valentine's Day and I just don't know
what to get her I don't know get her
chocolates or a candy cane or whatever
the hell girl's like I don't know well
what are you going to get your wife well
I'd kick her in the teeth if I had legs
but I guess I'll just take her to Olive
Garden she really likes to test the
limit on those unlimited bread sticks
but hey it's a fair trade because she
eats some bread sticks and then she eat
my bread stick if you know what I mean
it's the only day of the year she does
that other than my birthday and let me
tell you it is subpar well I just
thought since maybe she's your daughter
you would know what to get her for
Valentine's Day listen you're asking the
wrong guy I hate Valentine's Day why do
you hate Valentine's Day oh boy do I
have a fun little animation for you so I
was a senior in high school and I was a
bit of a ladies man I had made out with
at least three of the girls from the
chess club not a lot of people were
going after those girls so I volunteered
but then one day I decided to go after a
bigger prize Katie knockers with the big
ham Hockers she was the hottest bustiest
girl in school you know because of her
big knockers AKA ham hackers it was
Valentine's Day and they had this candy
gram that you could send to a girl you
liked where some of the kids from the
Glee club would sing to him and hand
them a note saying you liked them and
[ __ ] so I paid the $15 and I said send
this to Katie knockers with the big ham
Hawkers but one of the kids in the Glee
Club dyslexic Dy wrote the wrong name
down and the candygram was given to
Deborah dimple ass one of the fattest
ugliest stinkiest resting [ __ ] faed
girls in school they gave her the candy
gram and said this is from Brooklyn guy
and man was I so embarrassed but Deborah
loved it I think she wouldn't leave me
alone she came over to my house and I
tried hiding from her but my mom
answered the door and she thought she
was pregnant and I told her no Mom she's
just fat but my mom made me mar her
anyway I always wondered what would have
happened if I had given the candy gram
to Katie knockers I heard she's a super
now so that's why I hate Valentine's Day
I was just one dyslexic kid away from
being with Katie knockers with the big
ham Hockers but instead I get my big fat
ugly [ __ ] of an ex-wife so what made
you marry her my mom made me marry her
because she thought she was pregnant I
had to take care of a food baby but yeah
later I did get her pregnant but that's
another animation for another website so
you don't have any idea of what Penelope
might like like the whole time you've
raised her she's never said something
that she likes well when she was a
little kid she really liked Minnie Mouse
I mean we could never actually afford to
go to Disney World but we would always
drive down there and look at Disney
World through the fence and she would
say Daddy can we go inside and I'd say
no honey we can't afford it let's go but
Minnie Mouse did wave at her one time
she was very excited until security came
and told us we had to leave the property
well I can't afford to take her to
Disney World I mean [ __ ] neither can I
well so if she likes Minnie Mouse what
if we brought Minnie Mouse here how are
we going to do that well you're a cop
why don't you go to Disney World and say
hey Minnie Mouse I need to interrogate
you about a crime and you bring Minnie
Mouse here on Valentine's Day just to
meet P Penelope and then she'll get
really excited and she'll love me yeah I
mean you're right I think she would lose
her [ __ ] if she could meet Minnie Mouse
that would be the greatest gift of all
time please do that for me please do
that for me please okay okay I'll do it
but it's going to take me a day cuz I
got to drive all the way down there but
you owe me kid I'm doing you a big favor
here oh Penelope's going to love this
Valentine's Day it's the greatest gift
ever where is he with Minnie Mouse oh
hey kid I'm back from Disney it was a
6-hour ride there and back man my balls
are sore oo is this your son uh no I
only have a daughter oh do you think
your daughter will accept me as her new
mommy yeah yeah yeah I'm sure she's
going to love you what was that about
listen man I pull up to Disney right and
I say hey Minnie come here hop in my car
she hops in no questions asked and then
on the whole 6-hour drive back here Gob
she's eating my cheese what don't judge
man it's not the first time I banged a
rat my ex-wife was hideous isn't she
married a Mickey Mouse yeah but yeah
he's not going to find out but listen I
need you to get Penelope here right now
before Mickey realizes that Minnie's
missing okay I'll do that who's that
what if it's Mickey wait you turned your
location off right no oh you [ __ ] what
if we just tell him about it he'll
understand no no he he won't understand
our love between a human and a mouse
that that's absurd oh you're right we
can just tell him later yeah later we'll
tell them later for right now we'll just
say you're doing a meet and greet and
we're paying you okay so just just sit
right there okay okay kid get penelty
here right now I'm going to go distract
Mickey uh hello oh hi a pal is Minnie
Mouse here oh no there's no Minnie
here D go wait in the car I'll call you
and Goofy if I need you listen man I
trapped min's loc here why is she here
on Valentine's Day listen man I think
there's been a big misunderstanding you
see my daughter's a big Minnie Mouse fan
so I paid Minnie to do a meet and greet
here oh well Mannie doesn't do business
under the table without me oh she was
doing some business under the table oh
well how about I go to your house and
sleep with your wife I mean hey have at
it man oh goofy go bang this man's wife
with pleasure Mickey Goofy's on his way
to bang your wife look let's just come
inside oh goofy will he doesn't pull
that no no I mean come inside and I'll
take you to Mini see there she is Minnie
what are you doing here oh Mickey I'm
here to meet this man's daughter for a
meet and greet no you're not Minnie I
told you you're not doing business
without me we're going back to Disney
World right now wait wait wait can't you
just meet my daughter first yeah please
no oh come on Mickey they're paying me
how much uh $11,000 where's the money um
I I I I cashapped it let me see your
cash app uh I I logged out cuz it was
being weird so now oh hey my phone's
ringing maybe it's cash app hello boy
you'll never guess who was at the front
door who it's goofy Karen don't answer
the door oh I already did Bo okay but
don't let him in oh this is such a
lovely house can I see the bedroom yeah
it's down the hole Karen don't show him
the bedroom oh what a bouncy bed you
want to bounce on it with me Sure hold
on Bo I'm going to put the phone down no
no no Karen Karen don't take your
clothes off it's easier to bounce that
way no Karen don't do that go go go
Goofy's at my house banging my wife I
told you goofy doesn't play She's part
of the Goof Troop now kid where the hell
is Penelope that must be her okay I'll
go I'll the door hello Happy Valentine's
Day Junior I got you a Hello Kitty oh
exactly what I like Hello Kitty you like
cats Junior yeah I guess okay what' you
get me well I got you a meet and greet
with a really famous girl oh my God who
Billy ish no oh someone you've always
wanted to meet and greet with okay come
on up I got you a meet and greet with
Minnie Mouse oh Minnie Mouse yeah
remember Penelope you said you love
Minnie Mouse yeah when I was like five
but remember that one time she waved at
you through the gate for free you waved
at them for free I'm sorry Mickey you
know don't wait up poor people your time
is up Minnie let's get out of here
Mickey before we go there's something I
have to tell you oh no no no we don't
need to tell him anything oh yeah M well
what is it well me and this man we're in
love yeah what Dad she she doesn't know
what she's talking about we made love
multiple times yo what Dad listen
Goofy's railing my wife right now so I
think we're even oh yeah well I'm going
to go ra your wife now too Dad please
don't oh now we can be together forever
oh God I'm getting a phone call let's
put that on speaker
hello don't move out the way it's my
turn I'm about to give her my steam boat
will do it
miy hot
dog let me have a turd Mickey no goofy
move out of the way I'm still
[Applause]
going Donald it's to Crow over here go
to the other side why didn't you give me
that choice biggy cuz Donald's smaller
you know what I think I'm just going to
hang out Dad I'll see you at home wait
baby wait for
me I'm so sorry I caused all this I just
didn't know what to get you for
Valentine's Day thanks for the Hello
Kitty I I'll leave your
[Music]
alone