Junior and your stupid friends you're
loaded baked potatoes already oh man I
love loaded baked potatoes yeah hey
Junior call my potato Herby cuz it's
fully
loaded oh dude I can't wait to eat mine
oh man I want some more sour cream for
my I feel like you guys didn't get the
joke it's like Herby fully loaded
there's a movie called Herby fully
loaded about a car that's live I think
Lindsay low hand was in it dude there's
something wrong with my baked potato
though [ __ ] me I guess what's wrong with
it dude it's like super baked you see it
oh that is a super baked potato yeah
that is one baked potato yeah super lit
dude wait a minute Chef peee didn't get
us drinks damn him yes damn your
personal chef for not getting us drinks
for the food he made you yeah let me go
get us drinks guys all right guys it's
Prime Time wait Dion sant's made a drink
no it's just the name of the drink
Joseph A it's some kind of sports drink
that athletes like Junior we're eating
baked potatoes we're not athletes well
still drink it it's good for you I
actually think I hear this drink is bad
for you Cody athletes wouldn't drink
something that's bad for them athletes
don't do anything that's bad for them
well they get concussions that's bad for
you well they wouldn't drink something
if they get paid millions of dollars
that would hurt them Henry rugs got
drunk and killed a woman with his car
and he made millions of dollars that's
one athlete who made a tiny bad decision
oh boy I don't even know where to start
listen just drink it cuz I know it has
to be good for you it's not gatorade's
good for you no power raid no wait then
what should athletes drink water wait a
minute why don't athletes drink water
cuz is disgusting dude I think they do
drink water no they don't I never see a
commercial with an athlete saying drink
water they're always drinking Gatorade
or power raid hm and after the Super
Bowl you never see the team dump a
bucket of water on the coach yeah I mean
I guess that's true and I've never seen
water sponsor anything big so what if
guys I have a quadrillion dollar idea
what if we re-release water dude that's
a genius idea you can't re-release water
it's water yes we can we can call it
water to or the sequel water to the
squeel and we put Al the Chipmunk on the
bottle what or we call it
H2O2 oo that's fancy I like that Junior
H2O2 is hydrogen peroxide okay then
we'll call it H2O2 not hydrogen peroxide
it'll sell like hot cakes oh boy hot
boiling water oh my God guys this is a
quadr this is a huge idea let's go to
the drawing board oh yeah we got to dude
we're going to be rich all right guys
the first prototype to water to The
Squeakquel is here junior you can't sell
this why because you don't own the
rights to Elvin and the Chipmunks I'm
pretty sure the whole world owns the
rights to Alvin the Chipmunks yeah dude
it's public domain like SpongeBob no
it's not and neither is SpongeBob what
okay well then turn the ball around look
at the other cover okay
H2O2 not hydrogen peroxide well at least
you can sell that as long as you take
Alvin off Cody I'm not taking Alvin off
Alvin's was going to sell the bottle
well you're going to have to change the
bottle anyway because I'm pretty sure
this is just a prime bottle that you
change the label on no this is a bottle
I got made in the factory no I see the
label behind you okay fine it's a prime
bottle but I dumped the prime out and I
put in other stuff what kind of water is
even in here it's water from the sink
downstairs Junior nobody's going to pay
for bottled tap water but it has
electric neiz dude no it doesn't it's
just tap water listen it has to be just
water because it's water too it's the
sequel what makes it different the two
DH yeah the the big two when people see
famous athletes drinking H2O2 they're
going to want it imagine watching
Patrick Mahomes drink it before the
Super Bowl imagine watching LeBron James
drink it before he shoots a free throw
how are you going to get LeBron James to
drink this you pour it in his mouth no I
mean how are you going to convince
LeBron James to drink this I'll message
him on Instagram and say yo Bron braon
yo King James please drink our drink I
think he's going to answer um I think
it' be better if Joseph messages him cuz
I'm black yeah okay yeah I just don't
think LeBron's going to answer a white
kid's message dude he doesn't play in
1950s I'm pretty sure he would have
messaged him just messag LeBron but bro
I messaged him like five times on five
different accounts he doesn't never
reply why don't he notice me what' you
say to
him I I'm a meat writer but I'm no vegan
Sprite cranberries my favorite
soda you eat too much dude okay so
LeBron James is way too famous to answer
our messages so we need like another
celebrity ooh what about Tom Brady maybe
he can endorse this no he's retired and
besides he already has that tb12
[ __ ] well Jimmy Butler likes coffee
too much so we can't ask him we need a
famous athlete that's not too famous
like super famous but not famous like an
athlete that still goes to Walmart well
do you know any Walmart celebrities H oh
that Caitlyn Clark girl in the WNBA oh
dude she's Walmart worthy yeah she's
really famous but she probably still
shops at Walmart yeah I could picture
her changing tire is in the automotive
section yeah yeah like so like she's
like really famous she's like the most
famous WNBA player so she's like on the
same level as like a Walmart manager
yeah okay well how are you going to get
in touch with Caitlyn Clark um I could
message her on Instagram o how about we
just call her agent yeah we could do
that idea I'm going to go call her agent
and maybe we can end up on The View and
talk about our drink oh boy The View I
can meet whoopy Goldberg all right guys
it's ringing hello Caitlyn Clark's agent
speaking uh CEO of water to The
Squeakquel speaking uh okay what is this
call about well we have an amazing
sponsorship opportunity for Miss Caitlyn
Clark oh that sounds awesome what's the
sponsorship well it's the newest biggest
amazing sports drink that's taken the
World by storm it's called water to The
Squeakquel or H22 not hydrogen peroxide
wait wait wait Squeakquel like Alvin and
the Chipmunks well we're not sure if
we're going to keep that name because I
don't own Alvin okay well what's your
budget uh hold on ma'am let me speak to
my CFO Cody what's the budget what I I'm
the CFO yeah how much money you have I
have like $20 we have like $20 we'll
take it the WNBA doesn't pay that much
awesome okay we got a deal then we'll be
right over guys Caitlyn Clark's agent
accepted the deal wow that was easy and
they're coming over right
now that must be them let's go let's go
let's go hello hello this is Caitlyn
Clark hi Mrs Caitlyn Clark oh crap I
always wanted to meet you where's her
$20 oh Cody give her the $20 oh hey
yeah all right so for that $20 what we
want want you to do is we want you to be
the main spokesman for our famous drink
Cody grab it grab it grab it oh um here
you go okay so it's called water too the
squeel there's Alvin the chipmunks on it
or it's called H2O2 not hydrogen
peroxide so what we want you to do is
before every game we want you to drink
it and in interviews we want you to say
that this is this is the reason why you
play good and it's yummy and you like to
drink it how is it how's it taste I
think she likes it guys it's the
electroly dude
yummy so anyway I think you guys should
just you know go make a commercial for
us and tell everyone that you love it me
likey basketball I know I know big guy
come on let's
go I like it I don't know if she likes
it or not let's go all right guys let's
turn on the WNBA and see if Caitlyn
Clark made a commercial for water two
Caitlyn Clark doesn't score 17.6 points
per game because she's good she does it
because she drinks water too it's like
water but better it's too good ship monk
water yummy I like
[Music]
it guys she did it she actually made a
commercial for water too dude that was
so sick she said the name of the drink
wrong she called it chipmunk water it
doesn't matter what she calls it Cody
it's still free exposure it wasn't free
it was 20 bucks look let's just watch
her play basketball and see how she
plays after drinking water too and
Caitlyn's about to take a free throw oh
got to take a sip of that chipmunk water
first and that's the spit tank spit is
up quitter Steve oh no Caitlyn's down
guys Caitlyn's down she's down dude
maybe she sprang her ankle or something
she was standing totally still uh you
guys don't think it had something to do
with her drinking water too right I mean
it was just normal tap water I don't see
what could be wrong with
it breaking news there's a boil water
notice because there was a sewage leak
Into the Water Company's water supply so
make sure you boil your water oh no
Junior didn't you say the water to
bottle was filled with tap water yeah
what's the problem what's the boil water
notice it means the water's contaminated
and you need to boil it before you can
drink it wait a minute you can't drink
boiling hot water it would burn your
mouth no not boiling water boiled water
you drink it after it's cooled down that
sounds like a waste of time just drink a
ball of water wait I have another hit
idea this a trillion dollar idea we
should sell bottled boiling hot water
what dude that's so genius you know it's
you know when you make mac and cheese
you have to wait for the water to boil
before you put the macaroni in Imagine
you go in the fridge and grab a bottle
of boiling hot water it's already hot
and just pour it in the
oh man the convenience Jor you can't
sell boiling hot water by the time
people buy it it'll already be cooled
down that's why we would sell it in
ovens you know like in the grocery store
there's a bunch of refrigerators we have
a bunch of ovens just already hot and
you just reach in and grab you a bottle
it would burn you no it would be like in
a Stanley Cup a Stanley Cup yeah like a
cauldron a cauldron Stanley Cup that's
going to cost more than the water well
listen you pull the cauldron out and
then you just put it in your
refrigerator it stays hot forever it's
not going to stay hot in the
refrigerator with the coldron that the
Stanley Cup stays cold for 72 hot for 72
hours cold and hot this is stupid yeah
look we'll work on those problems later
cuz we have another problem cuz the news
is on
again breaking news kitlyn Clark has
died from sepsis she must have drank
something yucky oh my God Junior we
killed Caitlyn Clark now calm down Cody
how do you know that's our fault because
she got sepsis from the water we gave
her how do you know she wasn't drinking
out of the toilet earlier what hey we're
suing you guys for killing Caitlyn Clark
what no I'm out of here dude I'm out of
here too oh no I need you to go to court
with me please I promise I'll tell him
you had nothing to do with it okay all
right we're ready for
court order order order order I am the
honorable Judge Boer and today we will
be hearing the case of Cody and Julia
who are being sued by Caitlyn Clark's
family for serving her a drink which
contained contaminated water which
resulted in her death wait wait wait
your honor don't say my name first this
was all Junior's idea I didn't have
anything to do with any of this no Cody
you said this drink was a good idea
you're the one who gave me the not
hydrogen peroxide part no I told you
that H2O2 was hydrogen peroxide and I
wouldn't have known that unless you told
me so you help think of the name order
order order listen kids someone died
here you gave Caitlyn Clark a
contaminated drink okay hold up water
too is not contaminated it's like water
but better it's too good stop quoting
the commercial okay look we filled up
the bottles with water from the sink I
didn't think it would k kill anybody
well obviously you didn't hear about the
boil water notice due to a sewage leak
which contaminated our local tapw water
facility I find you guilty of murder By
negligence and I will punish you very
severely with a
$2,000 F
$220,000 good going junior junior what
the [ __ ] you said you were going to tell
him I had nothing to do with this well I
didn't want to lie to the judge you came
up with the whole idea what the [ __ ] are
you talking about no I didn't listen we
have to find a way to come up with
$20,000 Cody how are we going to do that
maybe that's someone at the door trying
to buy our entire water to supply what
our entire Supply we only had one bottle
let's just go see who it is hello Uncle
Ian from Alvin and the Chipmunks yeah
that's right it's me TV's David Cross
hey you make this [ __ ] oh yeah that's
our brand water to no no see that that's
mine that's the Chipmunk I own the
Chipmunks okay let's go to court come on
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge poer and today we will
again be hearing the case of Junior and
Cody who are being sued by Uncle Ian for
trademark infringement when they sold a
bottle of water that had a picture of
Alvin the Chipmunk from Alvin and the
Chipmunks on it Uncle Ian show me the
proof of this infringement uh look at
the bottle that's Alvin right there let
me see this bottle here yes that is
literally a picture of Alvin the
Chipmunk from Elvin and the Chipmunks
and look at here it even says the squeel
I'm sure that's trademarked as well then
I find Junior and Cody guilty of
trademark infringement and senten them
to pay
$20,000 to Uncle I another
$20,000 wow junior junior what the [ __ ]
now we owe $40,000 listen at least it's
not
$60,000 I don't want to answer it you
you you answer it okay hello hey hey
there I represent Prime sports drinks
and you stole our bottle come on let's
go to court I didn't steal it I did
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge pober and today we will
be hearing the case of no way in hell
Junior and Cody again what did you boys
do this time you're being sued again I
hope you have a lot of money well it
seems that you're being sued by Prime
sports drink for stealing the prime
bottle and selling your own water two
drink in it primes lawyers what proof do
you have well you see the bottle's
literally the same they just put their
own label on it let's see well these
really are just exactly the same bottles
aren't they and look Alvin is still on
there you haven't learned anything have
you well Junior and Cody I find you
guilty of stealing a bottle design or
really just reusing a bottle and I order
you to pay the prime sports drink
company
$20,000 $20,000
God [ __ ] damn it
Junior so you're not mad this time
[ __ ] [ __ ] idiot stupid
[ __ ] [ __ ] why the [ __ ] did you think
that was a good idea what's wrong what's
wrong we oh $60,000 Junior 60
[ __ ] cocking th000 how are we
going to pay it Junior huh how are we
going to pay you tell me bottled boiling
water [ __ ] you're such an idiot
look there's someone at the door there's
someone at the door maybe that's an
opportunity to make $60,000 or another
lawsuit no there's nothing possibly we
can get sued for we already got sued for
everything hello hey there I'm with the
water company and I'm here to reimburse
you for the day your water was polluted
so we're writing you a check for
$60 Oh I thought you were going to give
me a check for $660,000
no that would be ridiculous this is just
$60 but uh most of this check is blank
cuz I was filling it out in my car but I
didn't know who to pay it to so I just
wrote the 60 in there you can give it to
your parents let them know that it's
only for $60 and just have them fill out
the rest I mean we're the water company
so we have plenty of money in our
account and we wouldn't even notice if a
bunch went missing but it luckily this
is only $60 so you kids just give that
to your parents have a nice
day Junior no I already filled it out
look we got the money we needed Junior
this is check fraud it doesn't matter
the water company has so much money
they're not going to notice you wrote
$60,000 dollars dollars was already
there I didn't see that but like the
bank's not going to care that it says
dollars and for the date you just wrote
today should I put tomorrow no and why
did you write finding down there because
it says memo no it says memo like what
it's for Oh I thought they said memo
like Nemo and we had to guess test the
movie to make sure I wasn't a robot you
thought they put a capture on the check
I don't know what they do no Junior if
we cash this we're going to go to jail
and why did you put my name on it I'm
not going to go down for this with you
we both needed the money so I put both
of our names look what's the worst that
can happen order order order order I am
the honorable Judge Po and today no no
way not you two again oh no I am tired
of this I sentence both of you to death
the world is a better place without you
death God damn it junor you
[ __ ] idiot stupid
[Music]