and done finished another one what are
you doing baby I'm making snowflakes
with Jeffy oh those look so good thank
you how does yours look Jeffy mine look
like dick Jeffy you made it look like
dick you said my snowflakes look like
dick Marvin that's mean no he literally
cut out the word dick on his and what is
this supposed to be penises Jeffy
there's someone at the door I'll get it
hello Knock knock hello what do you mean
Hello I said knock knock you're supposed
to say who's there but I already see you
I know who's there I I was doing a knock
knock joke but you rang the doorbell and
I already opened the door that's why I
said knock knock but have you never done
a knock knock joke before not at my
actual door just let me in you ruined my
joke who's at the door Marvin it was the
C shut up let me tell the joke knock
knock who's there no Bell no Bell who no
Bell that's why I knocked but we have a
doorbell and he rang it you keep ruining
my jokes okay fine here's another one
knock knock who's there Heywood Heywood
who Heywood you blow
me see he liked it why are you here well
it's sad boy hours cuz I just found out
I'm going to jail for 21 days but you're
a cop you can go to jail yeah
surprisingly cops can break laws too
yeah I got a DUI again for the sixth
time and you're going to go to jail for
it yeah they plasted the video of it all
over the news so whatever you do please
don't watch the news baby turn on the
news
a breaking news m a police officer was
arrested for a DUI and thought he was
above the law we have the shocking body
cam footage here [ __ ] [ __ ] hey mate
you've been drinking tonight hey you you
can't pull me over okay I'm a cop I pull
people over not you how much have you
had to drink tonight I I I have only had
six beers but they come in a pack of six
so basically one so you can't arrest me
you're not making this easy on me mate
you know my body Cam's on oh the body
cam where where was your body C is that
it hey bu cam [ __ ] you okay I do what I
want I'm above the law oh man you know
I'm going to have to place you under
arrest go ahead and step out of the
vehicle I'm going to run please don't
I'm going do it here I
go mate you're not going anywhere you
know the car's in park [ __ ] well yeah
you're under rest I guess you got me oh
wow you were ugly disgusting drunk yeah
well your snowflake looks like
dick you said my snowflake looks like
dick
it was his snowflake not mine oh oh my
God I'm so sorry your joke's not funny
anymore a now we're all sad so why are
you here telling us you're going to jail
well there is a problem cuz I mean this
is a video after all so the judge
sentenced me to 21 days in jail and he
gave me this go to jail card see it says
go to jail go directly to jail do not
pass go do not collect any cash so I've
been suspended without pay and I have to
report to jail tomorrow of course I
already told my wife I had to go to jail
today my problem is I'm going to be in
jail on Christmas and now I'm worried I
might not get any presents from s Santa
so I was thinking I could spend the
night here and maybe go up to the North
Pole and try to trick Santa into
thinking Christmas is tonight so I can
get my presents early but won't you be
on the naughty list because of the DUIs
oh I don't think Santa cares about some
DUI I mean the song says you better not
pout you better not cry not you better
not get a DUI but it also says be good
for goodness sake and DUI are bad H well
that's why when I'm in the North Pole I
can put my name on the nice list you're
not sad that you're not going to see
your wife or daughter on Christmas hell
no I suck at giving gifts anyway I'm
only good at receiving them like oral
yeah last year I gave my daughter a
Blu-ray copy of the movie Zora cuz she
wanted Sephora you know like the makeup
and I got confused so on Christmas we
all sat around watching Zora we were all
really disappointed both by the movie
and my mistake and I also gave my wife
some pretty bad top oh so you have to go
to the North Pole well I wanted you to
come with me oh can I go yeah sure the
more of the areer everybody can come can
I come no [ __ ] you come on guys let's go
[Music]
okay
here you go santah huh I brought you
your milk and cookies for dinner oh
thanks pepper where's my chocolate chip
cookies well this is Oreos it's Welk's
favorite cookie it's not my favorite and
what the hell is this 2% reduced fat
well you've been gaining a lot of weight
Santa I know I've been gaining some
weight and plus you know I'm lactose
intolerant good one sna pepper you're a
weird little [ __ ] but I like you sna
it's time to check your list oh I hate
checking the list but Santa you got to
check it twice
okay it's all there Santa you got to
check it
twice
okay Santa you didn't really check
[Music]
it that that better you didn't look I'm
having my milk and cookies but Santa the
lettuce from the children came in for
Christmas the deadline's already passed
they're going to get what they get can I
have a cookie Santa oh sure pepper go
ahead thank
you oh the DAR thing stuck I hate when
it get stuck I don't want to rip it cuz
then the cookies will go
sale I almost got it
hold
on sorry
Santa come on pepper hurry up I think
I'm getting it let's kind it all all
right time's up pepper
a wow Santa you're so strong look
there's Santa he's eating his milk and
cookies and look there's the naughty and
nice book now I just need somebody to
distract him while I check and see if my
name is on the nice list if not I'll add
it how are we going to distract Santa
Claus I got an idea pepper these cookies
taste like [ __ ] I think they're expired
no I just put one in my ass you just got
the wrong cookie pepper you're a weird
little [ __ ] but I like you hey Santa I
just subscribed to Mrs Claus's only fans
what let me see that come on elves quick
morvin pass me the book here you go let
me see let me check naughty first oh no
I'm right there I'm number four wait a
minute I'm on the naughty list too
Marvin we didn't come here to fix yours
you still Haven told Christmas to be
nice I'm going to jail hold on let me
just scratch this
out okay now I got to put it in nice
okay I'm going be the lookout okay I
added my name to the nice list well
actually I spelled my name wrong the
first time cuz I'm dyslexic but now all
we have to do is convince Santa that
tonight is Christmas so he delivers my
presents hey you're messing with the
naughty on nicel Santa jump her morvin
jump her yes get
her Marvin why the hell are you wearing
that elf suit I was thinking that I
could dress like an elf and tell Santa
that tonight's Christmas and he'll
believe me oh oh good idea Marvin wish I
thought of that oh [ __ ] he's coming I'll
hide under the
table oh I can't believe Mrs Claus
created an only fans page and only
charging four bucks to see pictures of
her hooa you can get a four for four at
Wendy's for that probably tastes better
and a little less fishy funny Santa
where's your glasses pepper oh I I
dropped them on the ground
oh hopefully you didn't stick this one
in your ass too what no oh I NOP not
that one oh I hope so well tonight's
Christmas what yeah like tonight's
Christmas like tonight's the night you
have to go deliver the presents but the
reindeer are not even ready and
Rudolph's getting neutered and he's got
balls big as [ __ ] well I guess you got
to deliver the presents without Rudolph
I guess so watch out New York City okay
let me get the
sleigh good idea morvin let's get back
home I didn't know Santa made 911
jokes
what are you doing Santa loading the
gifts on the slay to deliver tonight
Santa are you feeling okay Christmas
isn't for another two weeks but you told
me Christmas was tonight I did not yes
you did no I didn't peppermint don't lie
to me cuz I'll bend you over my knee and
spank you I wish I lied to you Santa but
I didn't well who did I don't know let
me check the security cameras oh it
looks like some guy broke in and wrote
his name in your book what
Brooklyn and he added it to the nice
list I'm going to teach him a lesson oh
teach me a lesson Santa B me over and
spank me like a naughty school boy
peppermint you're a naughty [ __ ] but I
love you oh my god Marvin I can't
believe that actually worked it did yeah
I put my name in the nice list so now
Santa's going to come deliver presents
tonight hey do you guys have any pajamas
I'm just so excited I want to go to
sleep right now so Santa comes why do
you need pajamas well I don't want to
sleep in my cop uniform I got to sleep
in something loose cuz I get raging
morning wood and it hurts oh I don't
think I have pajamas that are your size
what size is that fat no I wasn't
calling you fat I just don't know if
we're the same size what were you
calling me then I I wasn't calling you
anything yeah okay well you can make it
up to me by spooning me I'm not going to
spoon you well I was going to be the big
spoon oh okay yeah
what good night good night get over here
think you can go to bed all Caked Up
like I ain't got a sweet tooth like I
ain't trying to get a cavity what you
thought this was man what nothing just
kidding what are you doing what you hear
that I think that's Santa Claus it does
sound like Santa Claus let's go
check oh Marvin look at that it's Santa
Claus and look at all those presents
they're all for me well actually he
thinks it's Christmas so those presents
are for everyone oh yeah well most of
them have got to be for me because I'm
on the nice list but you're not so
you're not getting any presents I forgot
I'm on the naughty list man he has
really taking his sweet time with those
presents huh well he's got a fat dumpy
though oh now he's just scratching his
ass H hurry
up he's gone okay present time oh look
at all these presents oh this big one
has to be for me no it's not for you
what about these down here no none of
these are for you either oh where are my
presents uh look this one says Brooklyn
guy mine back off oh I can't wait to see
what it is it could be anything I had so
many things on my list it could be an
Applebee's gift card it could be a
Denny's gift card a Chili's gift card or
maybe it's a weighted blanket so I feel
trapped yet comfortable oh I got to
check oh let me see let me see let me
see what Cole why' he give you Cole I
don't know how is this possible I put my
name on the nice list uh look behind
you [ __ ] you
Brooklyn oh well now I guess I know what
they mean when they say he knows if
you've been bad or good I guess he found
out I put my name on the nice list well
I guess I guess I'll go to jail sad now
well I have a gift for you yeah what is
it wait what what's that what a get out
of jail free card Marvin this is the
best Christmas gift of all not going to
[Music]
prison