so guys what'd you get for Christmas
nothing dude I still don't have a family
it'd be really hard for Santa's elves to
make you a family Joseph what about you
Cody when I celebrate Hanukkah so well
my dad gave me a hundred dollars for
Christmas what dude what you gonna buy a
family calm down Joseph I really wanted
to buy toys but there's no toy stores
around here yeah I wish there was a
store with toys like for us yeah like
they had toys that are there for us yeah
like Toys R Us remember remember guys
Toys R Us oh yeah oh yeah that was the
fun store yeah but it went out of
business because they don't have any
money yeah I wonder what happened to
Jeffrey I'm right here no no no not you
Jeffy I'm talking about Jeffrey the
giraffe I like giraffes but no Jeffrey
was a giraffe and he was the mascot for
Toys R Us yeah I'm gonna look him up
dude yeah Joseph look at what he's doing
now oh dude apparently he's homeless
he's homeless oh yeah Jenny he doesn't
have a job and there's not that many
jobs that a giraffe can do he could be
an NBA player yeah I guess he could oh
dude
if I want a clean fight winner takes all
go
[ __ ]
oh poor Jeffrey yeah he ate those
punches at least we know he's not
starving yeah he had that six piece with
a biscuit goddamn I wish there was
something we could do to help him what
like get him boxing lessons no Cody he's
homeless I think we should go find him
and offer him to stay at my house Junior
I don't think your dad is going to let a
giraffe live in your house it's Jeffrey
the giraffe the mascot for Toys R Us of
Cory's gonna let him stay I don't know
Junior it seems like a bad idea to let a
homeless giraffe in your house why well
he's doing underground street fights
he's pretty desperate come on Cody he's
a childhood mascot just like Jared from
Subway and if Jared from Subway was
outside would you let him in no no I
wouldn't but what about all the
sandwiches I don't think the sandwiches
matter anymore five dollar no Five
Dollar Foot long no no none of that
matters I think he's getting a lot of
footlongs in prison he's in prison oh
yeah for what uh just shut up Junior
don't worry about it all right guys come
on look let's go find Jeffrey the
giraffe and offer him to stay at my
house yeah okay let's go
uh guys I think I found him
Jeffrey oh dude he's down bad
we'll work for food is there anything we
can do Jeffrey
oh yeah we'll work for oh oh no Jeffrey
come on oh
Jeffy but if you're offering Jeffrey
listen um we have a house you can come
live with us for a while until you're on
your feet
I think he wants to go I think he's
pretty desperate I don't know what he's
doing now he's celebrating come to our
house Jeffrey come to our house this way
Jeffrey all right Jeffrey welcome to my
house go inside guys okay dude watch
your head Jeffrey
yeah oh [ __ ] guys Jeffrey fell down
Jeffrey we told you to be careful come
on do you need help come on come on
Jeffrey your mess
all right Jeffrey welcome to my house
Junior he's really tall I mean I know
he's a giraffe but damn so what do we do
with him now what do you mean Junior
this is your idea
it's homeless so he's probably hungry uh
Jeffrey are you hungry
I think that's yes dude all right
Jeffrey so go downstairs and go in the
fridge and grab whatever you want
my Hibachi looks so good
wait what's all that noise is that a
giraffe hey
what are you doing in my refrigerator
wait what a beer bag wait when you get
back here right now get back here oh get
back here you Longneck Master you
thought you could get away no you can't
oh you can't take my beer
[Music]
ah guys I think I just saw Jeffrey run
into the bathroom with a bunch of beer
maybe he had the poop dude but put the
beer though maybe he's thirsty god let's
go check on him Cody
uh Jeffrey you in there
we should just go in okay
Jeffrey
oh Jeffrey oh buddy Jeffrey are you okay
Jeffrey
I don't think he's okay uh Jeffrey oh
okay
oh oh Jeffrey careful buddy oh no
Jeffrey Jeffrey okay let's just let him
sober up yeah just just stay right there
Jeffrey don't hurt yourself it's in time
oh Cody I don't know what to do well
Junior I told you it was a bad idea to
bring a homeless giraffe into your house
I just wanted to help him out I don't
think we can help him we gotta give him
something to live for but Toys R Us is
closed that's all he had to live for
junior why is there giraffe stealing
beer out of my refrigerator oh that's
Jeffrey the giraffe from Toys R Us I
don't give a damn who he is look he's
stealing that's what he's doing but he's
just going through a lot right now yeah
going through a lot of stuff in my
refrigerator look I called the cops so
haha oh no Chef baby called the cops hey
there somebody called the cops about
euthanizing a giraffe is stealing well
we have a giraffe in the house but it's
Jeffrey the giraffe from Toys R Us oh no
not him again what you get calls about
him a lot oh yeah all the time ever
since Toys R Us closed that guy's been a
mess he'll do anything for a buck I mean
you name it street fights prostitution
smack he had an only fans for a while
but nobody wanted to buy hoof picks but
no that guy's a mess well we only let
him in the house because we wanted to
help him out why would you do that he's
a wild animal we were in the Christmas
spirit
well Christmas is over and so is his
life because I'm gonna go break his neck
break his neck why that's how you
euthanize a giraffe they get big neck so
you got to snap the neck well don't do
that we want to give him another chance
oh I'm sorry kid it's for the best I'm
putting him out of his misery so where
is he he's this way all right Officer
he's right here oh oh Jeffrey what
happened look at you he used to be a
childhood hero now look at you you get
piss drunk in a bathtub yeah that's why
we're trying to help him officer uh okay
kid I'll tell you what if you can help
him get back on his feet by the end of
the night and get a job then we won't
have to put him down okay you mean it
yeah oh okay Jeffrey we're gonna find a
way to get you a job and bring Toys R Us
back and just stay right here sober up
buddy we're gonna help you
guys guys the cop said that if we get
Jeffy the giraffe sobered up and a job
by the end of the night he won't break
his neck but how is that gonna happen
he's a drunk yeah dude there's no way
he's gonna get a job the only thing that
makes Jeffrey the giraffe happy is Toys
R Us so let's bring Toys R Us back but
Junior we tried that once before and it
didn't work yeah well guys what do most
people do when they're washed up and
they have no money uh sell their bodies
no they do boxing oh yeah but he already
tried that and he got his ass kicked
remember the six piece combo with the
biscuit well what if people got paid 300
million dollars to eat that six piece
combo with the biscuit but who's gonna
pay him that much money well most people
fight Floyd Mayweather and they make 300
million dollars in a night and we don't
even need that much money we only need
like a couple million to open up a Toys
R Us on top of Macy's well I mean yeah I
guess I would pay to see Jeffrey get his
ass kicked by Floyd Mayweather yeah so
let me go find a boxer that'll fight
Jeffrey on pay-per-view he'll make a
couple million and then he'll get Toys R
Us back and then he'll be happy and they
won't break his neck okay let me go find
one
uh Mr D money sir what's up you're
looking to fight uh yeah we want to set
up a fight ah 100 million every fight
hunting me every night that's the number
gonna be putting up well that's the
number if you want to put up who's gonna
fight uh Jeffrey the giraffe he used to
be the mascot for Toys R Us he'd like to
fight you I'm interested well why not
because I only fight people who are well
known and who give me lots of views on
pay-per-view because I pay per view well
um Jeffrey the draft is famous because
he used to be the mascot Toys R Us
people would love to see you beat him up
nah not answer oh you know what how
about I bet you all the money on this
table that Jeffrey the giraffe could
beat you up in my living room tonight oh
that is a lots of money okay deal in
your living rooms tonight okay yeah yeah
if we win you pay us all this money and
if if we lose we have to pay you all
this money okay you got yourself in
there I'll see you tonight okay okay
guys the fight is set up it is yeah with
a professional boxer and millions of
dollars and everything wow that's great
so he just gets knocked out and he gets
paid maybe Toys R Us will come back well
Jeffrey has to win but what yeah he only
gets paid if he wins the fight
Junior there's no way that drunk giraffe
is gonna beat a professional boxing well
he has to because if we lose we have to
pay them millions of dollars but what
let's listen guys Jeffrey's gonna win in
the fights in my living room right now
so we have to get him ready just come on
we have to get the fight all right
Jeffrey all you have to do is win this
boxing match and Toys R Us will come
back
are you ready D money oh I'm ready just
ring the bell ding ding oh
Jeffrey Jefferson
go get the money go get the money
okay wow I can't believe Jeffrey
actually won I guess him being gigantic
paid off and look at all this money we
can open up Toys R Us Again hey there
I'm here to snap Jeffrey's neck oh look
at Jeffrey he's got so much money now
yeah cause he got a job oh wow I guess
you kids prove me wrong I don't have to
break his neck yeah come on Jeffrey
let's go open up Toys R Us on top of
Macy's yeah it's back Toys R Us is back
I am so happy
Toys R Us is back
it's finally best I want
all of the toys so I call up the boys
and we jump for joy it's finally back
Nerf guns Hot Wheels and Legos
Jenga and dominoes I'll never let go
it's like crack Toys R Us is back
can't believe it Toys R Us is back back
back back candles the sexy candles
I need them all
show me their balls take up their
clothes Jeffrey
Jeffrey the giraffe so glad that you're
back we brought you a Big Mac we need
him right I just I just want one toy but
I can't afford it so I'm gonna steal it
if the police Star Wars that's really
cool
monster trucks that's really cool
Barbies
Toys R Us is back
can't believe it Toys R Us yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
it's best
what it's back
[Music]