oh my class today is gonna be a wrong
boring day we're gonna be learning about
numerical analysis so we're going to
spend all day breaking down this really
long equation until you guys understand
it so step one is right here um teacher
can me and Heidi leave class to go to
cheer practice we have a competition
coming up yes
we're gonna stay here and do this boring
 come on Heidi hey they're gonna
leave class and go do cheerleading
cheerleading is not even a sport all
they do is just shake pom-poms hey guys
you want to lie and say we have to go to
cheer practice too yeah dude let's do it
what no guys I want to stay here and
learn about numerical analysis I put the
anal in analysis come on Cody you have
to go with us a teacher can meet Joseph
and Cody go to cheer practice two are
you three really a part of this year
team yeah we're part of the cheer team
guys Follow My Lead give me an F
give me an a a give me a t t what's
Cody's mom
[Applause]
you get it Cody she's fat yeah oh that's
pretty good you must be part of the
cheer team you can go guys it worked
okay let's go to cheer practice no dude
I'm gonna home I'm not cheering like no
damn girl come on Cody let's go make fun
of the girls at cheer practice okay
Heidi let's practice our cheer routine
oh no they're having seizures Cody
called the nurse what are you doing here
junior go back to class we want to see
what cheer practice look like mind your
own business go away but me and Cody
want to join the cheer team you can
Junior your boys
ooh Cody somebody doesn't know what year
it is it's 2022 Penelope boys can join
girls Sports just go away Junior I want
to join the team so you can stand on my
shoulders and I can look up no Junior
it's Duos it's two girls one cup
remember that Cody where they poop in
the cup yeah I've seen it is it real I
don't think so well anyway speaking of
two girls how about a little girl on
girl action right Cody I'm gay ew Junior
go away well come on Penelope okay how
about me and Cody we start our own cheer
team and we go against your team I'd
like to see you try come on show me one
cheer all right Cody like we did in the
classroom give me an F no why not I'm
not gonna fall for that again Junior wow
you guys are really good I'm scared now
well we have to work on our team
chemistry look we're gonna go home and
practice and then we're gonna cheer
circles on you okay all right
Cody are you ready for this cheer
competition Junior I really like these
outfits you got us and as long as you
don't wear underwear and stand on my
shoulders I'm down for whatever I think
we're gonna win right Cody uh no I think
we're absolutely gonna get destroyed but
hey I'm along for the ride Cody it can't
be that hard to cheer all they did was
this
well yeah I guess that is basically what
they were doing yeah so we're Naturals
at it we're gonna win we don't even have
to practice well I think we should still
practice no no we shouldn't practice we
should spend all our time and energy
trying to get them disqualified because
if we have no competition we're gonna
win well I guess that's true but how
would we get them disqualified by this
steroids where the hell did you get
steroids there's some creepy clown that
gave it to me but look if we give these
steroids to the girls then they'll get
disqualified because we'll tell the
cheerleading committee that we think
they're on roids and they'll get tested
and then they will be banned and then we
will win but Junior how are we even
gonna give them the steroids you leave
that up to me
ladies Junior what are you wearing oh
these are just our cheer outfits jealous
much yeah Cody your hair does look
pretty cool oh thank you Junior why are
you holding a needle oh well the flu's
going around so I just want to make sure
you girls got your flu shot yeah I did
well what what strand was it was it flu
a
um I think so well this was flu B and
flu B is going on really bad so you
should get this shot no thank you
oh then you need this ow Junior
what the heck are you look I just
protected her from the flu by giving her
the flu so take that that's not how it
works come on come on let's get out of
here all right well I got your anonymous
tip about that girl using steroids so I
tested her and she disqualified no we
didn't find any steroids in a system but
she did test positive for HIV very sad
Junior where the hell did you get that
needle
Billy you told me that was a steroids
needle
well great Junior now we ruined a girl's
life because of an elementary school
cheer competition we gotta think of
another way to get them disqualified
Junior I think we should just give up on
getting them disqualified well do you
think that girl now that she has HIV do
you think she's gonna feel good enough
to cheer oh yeah probably well we have
to find a way to make the girl so sick
that they back out of the cheering
competition well how are we gonna do
that Junior by pudding laxatives in
their drink and then they start pooping
everywhere and they're like I can't
cheer in front of everyone if I'm gonna
poop everywhere Junior I don't think
they're gonna trust any drink we give
them after we gave that girl HIV listen
I'll get them to drink the drink here go
get me a glass I can pour Miralax in it
hey ladies not now Junior Heidi randomly
got blood tested and found out some
really sad news
Jesus uh well you know what would make
you girls feel better some ginger ale no
Junior oh come on it's ginger ale oh
yeah no height
oh that's right drink up that ginger ale
how's it making you feel
bad for them see Cody I told you told
him what uh just that you guys would
want some ginger ale yeah me and Cody
had a bet going on I bet him ten dollars
that love ginger ale what did
you do the ginger ale Jr I put laxatives
in it so when you girls drink it up
you'd be pooping all night and you
wouldn't be able to dance in the
competition tonight the competition
competitioner oh great Junior not only
do we give her HIV now she's gonna be in
the toilet all night what uh uh let's go
uh Jenny I think I'm dropping out of our
cheer team why because we've done so
much harm to this innocent girl and I
feel really bad don't feel bad Cody
let's win for her we're winning her
honor wait shouldn't we let her win no
she's on a cheer team for a reason she
loves competition if we just drop out
and let her win she'll feel bad well I
think she's gonna feel bad now that she
has HIV and diarrhea come on Cody listen
if I promise no more gorilla Warfare
will you stay on the team yeah and I
guess that's what I'd call that okay I
promise no more physical harm to the
other team wait what kind of harm are we
gonna do we're gonna do other kinds of
harm because I got other ways to get
them disqualified Junior come on no
listen it's not gonna harm them
physically no more pain okay so this is
what we're gonna do there's gonna be
judges at this competition right yeah
and judges will not vote for racists
yeah so if we can get on video Penelope
and her friend to say the n-word then
the judges will not vote for some racist
and then we will have the advantage
Junior why would they ever say that just
leave that up to me no no because every
time you say that something terrible
happens I'm gonna get them to say it
just follow my lead okay Cody are you
recording yeah hey ladies go away Junior
I'm just here to apologize for you Heidi
I'm sorry for giving you HIV and
diarrhea it's okay okay I guess we're
gonna cut that out of the video it's not
okay okay Junior listen Penelope I have
one question for you if you answer this
one question me and Cody will drop out
of the cheer competition and you'll
never hear from us ever again ever again
I swear fine ass ask your question okay
so Jay-Z has this song called blanks in
Paris
name of this song I'm not saying the
name of the song
but it's called it's blanks in pairs is
it friends in Paris buddies in Paris
what's that word Penelope I'm not saying
the first word of that song Junior
did I mean I just want you to say it one
time and then I'll leave you alone
forever if you say it first then I'll
say it wait if I say it first you'll say
it yes Junior you say it first and then
I'll say it oh that's easy Nick Junior I
can't believe you actually said it I
thought if I said it she would say it
you thought she was actually gonna say
it we made a deal no she pulled a fast
one on me no she didn't pull a fast one
you're just an idiot you deleted that
video of me saying it right yeah sure
because I don't want to get canceled
right of course then I have to make an
apology video so look we have to find a
way to get them disqualified Junior if
we spent this time actually practicing
we might actually have a chance for
beating them for Rio we have no time to
practice now Cody our only hope is to
get them disqualified so let me think
okay what's your next idea oh I got an
idea if we get Penelope grounded then
her dad won't let her cheer in the
competition because she'll be grounded
okay how are we gonna get her grounded
you leave that up to me no no I don't
like it when you say that her dad's a
doctor right yeah I'm gonna call him up
hey there somebody call a doctor hey Dad
oh hey Penelope what are you doing here
I thought you were a cheerleading
practice no I decided not to be a
cheerleader I want to be a certified
thought instead come here Daddy I like
this junior well I mean you are getting
older so I guess it's about time this
sort of thing happened what no I'm
dating boys aren't you mad no I mean
you're just gonna be that age well you
know what I'm gonna go vandalize cars
outside oh well just don't get mine it's
not insured well you know what I think
I'm just gonna be homeless my whole life
and do smack wow well I mean I gotta say
I'm I'm pretty disappointed I mean as
your parent I wanted better for you I
mean I'm a doctor you're a shitty doctor
 ass dumbass doctor
okay that that actually hurt really bad
I I try really hard I just you know I
try to be the best doctor you're not
even a good doctor you're not even a
good father you're horrible at it you're
bad I hate you you know what you know
what I think I deserve that yeah yeah I
haven't been a very good father to you
Penelope and I'm sorry you know what I'm
coming to your cheerleading competition
tomorrow night to support you I need to
be a better father you're right wow
Junior I think you actually improved her
relationship with her dad I wanted her
to get crowded sucks yeah well the
opposite of that happened okay you know
what we have to go to the extremists of
the most extremes you know what we're
gonna go break their kneecaps what yeah
we're gonna grab a bag and we're gonna
Tanya Harding there we're gonna break
their kneecap so they can't dance so
Jenny you said no physical violence oh
screw that I'm going to the most
physical violence I could possibly go
come on hello and welcome to the
elementary school cheerleading
competition we have two teams competing
today so let's introduce them first up
we have the Powder Puff cheerleading
squad
and oh no here comes the boys we have
the Rowdy Rough cheerleading gang
foreign
the Rowdyruff Boys oh no dude you were
going first I wanted them to go first so
we can break their kneecaps Junior we
didn't practice look we just have to go
out there and do the best we can come on
okay Cody you ready no just improv it
one two three
[Music]
give me a oh oh give me a b b give me an
e e give me an s s give me an e e obese
your mom
okay so I'm the judge and I rate that a
c you hear that Cody we got a C so when
the girls go on the stage we break their
kneecaps we win but Junior I think we
should just be happy with our C we might
possibly win no I'm breaking their
kneecaps all right next up is the Powder
Puff Girls all right Heidi they got a
seat that's really easy to beat I know
we got this okay come on
all right Heidi like we practiced one
two three
[Music]
foreign
the Rowdy Rough Boys are disqualified
for trying to break the Powderpuff Girls
kneecaps the Powerpuff Girls win we won
I didn't know yay well you guys won fair
and square get out of here junior damn
who pissed in her panties Junior you
ruined everything we still could have
won we had a flip in ours and they
didn't hey Heidi yeah well it turns out
I got your blood test wrong you don't
actually have HIV
yeah hey in Penelope congratulations on
winning the championship I'm so proud of
you thank you Dad I didn't know you
showed up oh yeah of course I did after
what you said to me earlier I decided I
really need to be a better father you
know what let's all go to Chuck E cheese
okay okay come on Heidi you too it's
wheelchair accessible okay well Junior
looks like you actually did do some good
you you helped Penelope with her father
well I just wanted to win you saw how
bad I wanted to win I was willing to
kill to win I was willing to destroy
everyone to win they left the trophy
behind Cody they left the trophy that
means we won Whoever has the trophy won
right no Junior stealing the trophy
doesn't mean you won we won
celebrate
[Music]