oh Tyrone our bills are pass through if
we don't pay him soon we're going to get
evicted well baby you know what you got
to do get out there SL L but Tyrone
there's only so many hours in the day
and so much leg I can sling and I've
been with every man in town so they're
starting to use the Punch Cards damn I
forgot about the punch cards we was down
bad last week we should have never did
that damn promotion yeah and the buy one
get one free deal and the thing where if
they refer a friend his first time is
free and the unlimited cream pie card
and I'm getting sore God we was just too
generous last week oh I don't want to
lose this big ass house baby I guess we
got to sell some stuff around the house
like them plates and uh give me that
damn sponge boy oh wait it got a face on
it oh yeah that's a Scrub Daddy see they
also come in yellow and pink and orange
but the pink one's a scrub mommy hm wait
where's the black one oh I don't think
there is a black one so you telling me
they made a scrub cracker a scrub
Mexican and a scrub Asian but not a
black one I don't think so wow we
getting more racist and more racist by
the day who lives in segregation Under
the Sea it's Scrub Daddy you know what
I'm going to the damn patent office I'm
about to invent some [ __ ] okay well Cody
looks like we're going to have to start
selling silver Weare you know they're
really made of silver and Pirates love
silver thanks for coming Mr Tyrone we
finally got an answer for the patent on
your product oh really oh man I'm so
nervous look what they say tell me but
don't tell me well here you go I think
you're going to like what you see hell
yes
yeah this is what I'm talking about wait
what did it say Well it it it's red so
does that mean no no you've been
approved oh hell yeah that's what I'm
talking about look thank you Jesus
that's I knew you going to look out for
a boy so you can finally start selling
your scrub buddy what the hell scrub
buddy oh did you get us approv for the
wrong damn product no no no it's this
you know the the the scrub pal this is
not a pal on that damn box what are you
talking about you know the the scrub uh
scrub scrub best friend I don't have no
best friends can you say my product name
cuz it look like you don't know my
product oh you know what I'm talking
about it's just the scrub fellow how you
going to Market it to the investors if
you don't even know how to say my
product name uh yeah the scrub um scrub
scrub what scrub and scrub
[ __ ] look we can say it together scrub
[ __ ] scrub [ __ ] you know the scrub
thing say it damn it okay it's scrub
[ __ ] I I feel like you kind of Trapped me
there don't you ever ever in your life
say that word again what the hell is
wrong with you you think we stuck in the
1800s am I three F of you just say that
no it's just I I don't know how to sell
the product if I can't say the name you
just don't say niggga but I know it's
hard for you cuz you stuck in your ways
and you old as hell I can see it on your
face but look we are in a different time
we had a black president already but I
don't really know what to say not [ __ ]
it's not that hard but you want to throw
racial slurs around like you Lil Wayne
or Buster r or Kendrick Lamar what the
hell is wrong with you [ __ ] this [ __ ]
that hey pick this up [ __ ] do you hear
me [ __ ] you know I don't usually get
frustrated yeah but working with a black
man frustrates you I understand I don't
want to work with your racist ass either
but hey I know you know how to sell a
product so let's make this commercial
Papa John so guys what do you want to do
tonight I don't know dude I'm bored can
I interest either of you guys in buying
some silverware I have spoons that come
in different sizes $5 for small mouth
$10 for medium mouth and $20 for big
mouth but now about the spoons but
seriously I will exchange money for sex
act Cody why you trying to sell us
spoons oh and the forks don't forget
about the forks they also come in
various sizes why you trying to sell
spoons and forks Cody well you see my
parents haven't been paying the bills
for like a long time now so we don't
have any money and we're about to be
homeless so my mom told me I should
start selling silverware cuz she thinks
it's made of actual silver so she thinks
we can get a couple hundred bucks each
but I told her that's stupid and then
she said I should try try selling them
to Pirates and then I said those don't
exist anymore and then she said Johnny
Depp is one so I think you can see why
we're about to be homeless it's cuz my
parents are stupid oh so you're
struggling financially yes well I
wouldn't doubt it I mean your mom's a
whale and to feed a whale every single
day has to cost thousands of dollars
just they just shoveling food in her
mouth and that's why the spoons that's
why you're selling the spoons they just
not big enough for your mom's big whale
mouth you probably upgraded to shovels
and and now the only way you can feed
her is using those things that push dirt
a bulldozer yeah a bulldozer just
bulldozing food in fat ass mouth yeah
you know yeah I told you guys about my
family's Financial struggles and you
just called my mom fat so it's very
helpful thank you okay I'm sorry Cody
okay seriously here's a way your mom can
make money when the fair comes around
they can charge her 25 cents to see the
world's biggest woman behind a curtain
people would pay a lot of money to see
that oh yeah she could earn Millions
with a fat ass yeah but she'd probably
take a lot of space at the fair so the
rent space would probably cost a lot of
yeah well that's in October and I'm
trying to eat tonight okay but seriously
though I want I went to the fair one
time and I paid 25 cents to see this
woman with a snake body and she said hi
to me her head was actually attached to
a snake no way Junior that was just a
normal woman with a rubber snake behind
her no no she was real like she
literally was in a cage like is that her
whole life to sit there cuz she she was
born with a snake body no Junior it's a
normal woman who just sticks her head
through a hole and they put a rubber
snake behind her to look like her body
uh-uh they can't lie like that yeah they
charge me 25 cents they can't lie that's
false advertising you can't go to a car
dealership and say hey hey we'll sell
you this car for a quarter and I give
them a quarter they give me no car well
they're not going to sell you a car for
a quarter they're not going to sell you
anything for a quarter maybe some gum
okay fine let's say they're selling gum
for a quarter and I'm like okay I'll buy
a piece of gum and they give me
something that looks like gum and tastes
like gum but how do I know it's not gum
you just chew a [ __ ] I know but I said
it tastes like gum so how would I know
it's fake if it's I paid 25 cents for
the gum my family is starving and we're
going to be homeless if we don't get
some money okay fine how much is the
small spoon $5 damn [ __ ] for a spoon
bro that's like five Ring Pops oh you
got a ring pop what flavor is that it's
blueberry rat why is it called blueberry
rat raspberry can we just watch TV so I
don't have to think about this yes we'll
watch TV can you move your silverware
sorry please that's of ass meat scrub
[ __ ] he's the perfect YN for all of
your scrubbing needs trying to get that
stubborn stain off your plate scrub
[ __ ] old dry food on your spoon no way
scrub
[ __ ] now introducing scrub brother
apparently you can't say the n-word on
televised broadcast hi I'm Steve and I
made the unfortunate mistake of saying
the old name of the product but that was
the past Steve ain't going to say it no
more he learned from his mistakes see
scrub brother is solving racism so if
you want to wash your dishes the right
way and not the white way get you a
scrub brother scrub brother it's the one
you can say mhm you said you were poor
what is this dude yeah your dad's on a
commercial selling a product he invented
he's probably loaded mhm poor people
don't get on TV unless they're trying to
feed the children oh don't worry we're
going to be poor once he gets sued by
Scrub Daddy Why would get
Su Jinx you owe me a coke No No Coke No
Coke you owe me a coke that was his line
keep going okay what did you ask oh why
would he get sued well because he didn't
invent that yeah he did he's on the TV
yeah
what jph come back in here we're not
done he didn't that's a Scrub Daddy
no it's a scrub brother okay that's what
he's calling it but it's a Scrub Daddy
okay listen your dad's an inventor he's
Rich he's he invented like stuff like
Inspector Gadget did okay well first of
all inspector gadget's not in he's not
an inventor he's an inspector well he's
a gadget well he is a gadget he has has
gadgets he inspected he inspected and
invented the gadgets he didn't invent
them he just he's an inspector okay your
dad's an inventor like Flubber the guy
from Flubber was not the guy from
Flubber name isn't Flubber okay the the
Flubber is what he invented
okay what's the guy's name who invented
Flubber nobody [ __ ] cares Junior
nobody's favorite movie is flubber
except now that I've said that that's
all the comments are going to be people
saying that Flubber is their favorite
movie but I promise you nobody in the
goddamn world knows the name of the guy
who invented Flubber except for the
people in the comments who say they're
going to know but they're lying because
nobody's seen the movie Flubber in the
last five goddamn Years cuz there's no
reason to oh well anyway your dad's Rich
he's loaded he's on TV you're not
actually broke I don't know why you were
selling silverware unless you're
stealing from your Rich parents told me
to sell it guys that that's just a Scrub
Daddy that that's brown okay he he's
just trying to sell a Scrub Daddy he's
going to get sued okay well if you get
suit he's so loaded I mean unless you're
selling silverware to pay for the
lawsuit okay you know what I'm going to
start selling the silverware door to
door you don't have to your dad's Rich
yeah what was the point in him even
coming over if he was just going to lie
to us just a waste our damn time oh
Tyrone my sexy inventor hell yeah baby I
feel like the dude that made the
electric cars you're even smarter than
him mhm damn skippy but Tyrone why did
you change the name of your product it
was so fun to say see the world ain't
ready for scrub [ __ ] baby so we had to
Glide them into it with scrub brother
you know like how I introduced you to my
homeboys and then you you work your way
up to the big dog oh Tyrone you're so
smart hell yeah baby how about you pull
on this smart crank and see what ideas
get the flowing
oo God damn it I'm trying to invent [ __ ]
don't you see me Invision hello hey is
this your product Oh yes that is my
product scrub brother formerly known as
scrub [ __ ] right well this is my
product Oh you Mr racist well hello Mr
racist you forgot to include me in your
product what are you talking about you
made a scrub cracker scrub Mexican scrub
Guatemalan and a scrub Indian but not a
scrub brother th this isn't a race this
is just yellow cuz that's the color
sponges are oh okay how it's supposed to
be in a perfect world I guess you wanted
The Little Mermaid to be white and
redheaded again not like the little
black girl that made a good ass movie
and you probably wanted Spider-Man not
to be mil as Morales but guess what that
[ __ ] going to be in the next
movie I guarantee it huh and you mad you
quivering in your shoes I bet you racist
as hell you voted for Mitt Romney
anything to keep a black man down Obama
is the best president okay I'm just here
to file a lawsuit against you oh you
suing me I'm no damn way you not going
to sue me why you You Don't Own Me You
Don't Own this product is that what
you're trying to tell me you own this
you own Brothers you own all black
people you own us as a as slaves no no
no no that's not what I'm saying at all
H okay I know how how we solve this
problem I'm going to counters suit
forget you you going to learn how to be
racist [ __ ] we can talk about
this what's up [ __ ] oh
damn why'd you grab it to throw it again
why you keep still throwing it we saw it
the first time [ __ ] how'd you get all
this money Cody well uh [ __ ] I'll
tell you how I didn't get it I didn't
sell it to Johnny Depp let's just say I
had a very productive conversation with
his security team who politely asked me
to leave oh so then how did you get the
money well let's just say my dad got
sued by the creator of Scrub Daddy for
copyright infringement but then he
counter sued him for being racist and
the guy settled out of court so I got a
shitload of money Junior oh [ __ ] you got
like
$40,000 dude you can get a ton of Ring
Pop oh or or he could go to the fair and
buy a bunch of tickets to see the girl
with a snake body o hell yeah really
that that's the best you guys could come
up with ring pops and fake snake people
I mean you could invest it in the stock
market invest it in the stock Market oh
yeah that sounds like real [ __ ]
exciting content Junior what happened to
us man like we used to buy like swimming
pools and fill them with pizza and buy
like big gumball machines like inflate a
bouncy castle in the [ __ ] house and
[ __ ] that was cool right like remember
when we didn't move our mouths we we
just shook we just talked like this and
everybody knew what was going on those
were the good times what the [ __ ] is
this you guys just want to buy ring pops
and [ __ ] what invest come on come on
comments are right we're all washed up
no no no Cody we're not washed up it's
just it's just that you know I'm just
trying to think we can't do the same
thing we did last time we had a lot of
money cuz people say we're just we're
just copying the same idea nah man nah n
you guys are lost it no no no money
we've done cool Cody before I mean
you've been cool before I started being
rich I mean what would we do differently
n no I I don't know man this [ __ ] is
just it's [ __ ] lame you guys are lame
no no no guys we we just hit 10 minutes
so like like the video like we make
[ __ ] lazy we make three a week come
on the the squid game series was cool it
was
maybe we need to get some peace and
throw it in your pool no no no you're
right Joseph we we we need to be better
we'll be better Cody okay
[Music]