oh crap now don't forget tonight is the
school test so if you don't have a date
then you better get one or else you're
gonna look like a loser it's their home
and cry all night okay with that being
said I flew with my two daughters from
China ping and pop did it here ping pong
all right so far all of you who don't
have a date you can take my $2.00 could
it dance all you gonna do is raise your
head two dollars I only see you whine
what are you talking about
they're both right here this is P
turnaround and this is Paul see they can
join Aetna face the freak of nature
oh my god Jesus crack oh she's hideous
I know looking at will make me wanna
throw up I almost left them in a park in
China but I go far Oh
so anyway does anybody want to take my
daughter to the dance if you do let me
go ahead and tell you the benefits one
of the benefits is that if you do
anything with them it all about three
counts as a free song and who doesn't
want to say they had a free sub in
fourth grade
okay okay yeah yeah any takers
No well how about I give you one free
eight plus poor Joe great I mean my
grades okay I'm feeling but not that bad
yeah no takers I would how about I give
you two free eight clusters towards oh
great because there's two freaks still
not worth it nah dude no no no we're
good only I mean it's two a-pluses Cody
you have a boyfriend yeah the dog who I
know but it's two a-pluses though so
you're actually considering it Wow
yeah I have a rockin GPA all right Kent
looks like you're going in the desc
bye-bye stink hello pink already teacher
I'll do it I won't like it though going
once going twice three times sold put a
note in the back
all right pick a ball go to Cody in the
back
what's your name my name is Cody they
even call me coy cuz I'll give you the D
later ok coy my name is ping now my name
in pong and thank you for picking us to
the dance
hey don't get it twisted I'm just doing
this for the grades talk about double
than fine if you think about it Cody if
you hit it from the back it's always the
front alright so far arrested crap if
you don't have dates you better find one
or else you're gonna be a ruse oh oh man
the digits tonight I don't have a date
Joseph how'd you get dates dude I
already have my date what you do yeah
tikki sprinkle baby oh man Cody I'm the
only one of those have a date hey Junior
I didn't think I'd get a date before you
well can we show you're good no I need
both days even though they only
technically have what hey and they've
been tagged it would be bit alright
Christ we have an important update if
you don't have a date for tonight's
dance we got a new student who just hop
the corner I mean just can't go to crap
today her name is Maria Sanchez come
here alright so if you don't have a date
and you wanna ask to put it dance
because she is now put your seat oh my
god oh dude she's bangin if I didn't
have a date she's so hot
Cody fear yeah she's giving my little
Taco Bell burrito enchilada yeah yeah
whole lot of Mexican food well I guess
she is the only girl left in class yeah
I'm gonna have to be my date you today
and I'm gonna hog the hottest day all
right guys
wish me luck huh oh man I'm so nervous
dude you got this I believe in you bro
what's she gonna say
dude the where she could say is no
you're right Joseph I know I'm right
I'm so nervous
[Music]
look hey hi hey I know you're the new
student but if you read the board we
have a school dance tonight and I was
wondering if you could go with me just
me and you to the dance like you're my
date to the dance
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh are you broken oh man go ahead and
tell your pops what's going on all girls
are the same no I'm not really not the
form once they freaky and some girls are
paralyzed from the neck down huh well
Doug they did dad tonight at school and
I asked a girl out and she said no well
she said she'd rather die dang jr. that
sucks well let me tell you a story one
time I asked a girl out to the dance in
high school and she said no and guess
what I did what I cut the brakes to her
car and gets those paralyzed from the
neck down her exactly so the moral of
the story is uh girls suck maybe you
should ask one of your guy friends I
don't know I don't care hmm that's one
of my guy friends what do you want come
here I'm trying to cook Bagel Bites but
for some reason it's taking forever well
I have a question to ask you chef peepee
and please don't immediately say no no
you hear the question yet Junior I'm
pretty sure that the question is not
going to be at my favorite so no well at
least let me ask the question go ahead
and ask your stupid question Junior okay
chef peepee will you be my date for my
school dance tonight what do I look like
going to a dance with you Julia that's
gross hello my friend update
yeah well it sucks for you one ask a
girl I did she said no says there I'll
die
look you shouldn't be so ugly maybe you
should be beautiful like me well that's
why I'm asking you because you're
beautiful
Julia I'm a thirty year old man what do
I look like actually going to it fourth
grade dance with an eleven year old the
guy who saw weight would do it wait look
I'm a fire hose kind of guy well Chevy
please go with me I don't have a date
I'm not a girl okay do I look like a
girl to you go and find the girl well
why do you looking at me like that to
Muir Junior I look ridiculous no you
look hot sure PP you could be the
hottest girl at the dance junior I have
a moustache all girls have moustaches
chef peepee well you're not wrong
yeah so you ready to go to the dance
junior I don't want to go little bit
dance look your friends are gonna know
I'm not a girl no Chevy you're literally
harder than all their dates and look I
don't go with a date they're gonna think
I'm a loser
and when they see you they're saying wow
how do you get such a hot looking girl
so you ready to go I don't want to do
this so you're not gonna go - I'm
already now let's go you idiot yeah oh
goodness
look at my handsome little boy getting
ready for his first school dance with
this dolly mom I'm actually taking a
girl to the dance
Cody did you say you were taking a girl
to the dance yeah Tyrone get in here
yeah baby our little baby is taking a
girl to the school dance what a girl
like a free man yeah
oh no way we raised no straight no not
in this household we raised you the way
God intended
well I know but look I don't even like
her I'm just doing it for extra credit
yeah hope is just for the extra credit
you better be back in that closet by
midnight tonight
oh you're grounded yes sir okay now when
do we meet the witch oh that must be her
at the door right now I'll go let her in
no dad I'd like you to meet ping and
pong they're my dates they're conjoined
twins oh my god my dating a free she's
like a Gore but both sizes hey these are
my teachers daughters I'm just taking
him to the dance so I can get extra
credit
oh I got you I got you listen here ching
chong my little Cody doesn't need any
more women in his life
I am the only woman he needs I'm mama
bear and I don't need any more bears
coming around and stealing his porridge
I'm sorry my mom doesn't understand
metaphors look I like your iPhone's okay
I love dismissal
to say well all right we're gonna go to
the dance now come on hey what's up bro
where's jr. oh I don't know maybe he
couldn't get a date cuz he's a loser
yeah all right shake if you were here at
the day and just play it cool
Jr I look ridiculous no you don't you
look hot I would totally bang you look
calm down Jeff you'll be okay oh there's
my friends just a girl oh no my period
hey guys what's up oh Jenny oh you made
it
you know we didn't think you were gonna
come how could I not come when I have
the hottest date in school
Jenny that chef peepee in a wig ya know
it's not a chef you're being a wig
that's my hot date named Shannon
nice to meet you Shannon I like your
mustache hey Cody yeah so um I had the
hottest day in school man this musics
pumpin yeah you had the deejay sick him
smashing his daddy's that's so cool yeah
well quick GUI what is that Murray over
there oh yeah she's a load she couldn't
get a date to the dance
what a loser me except you're gonna make
her jealous I mean me and Shannon I'm
gonna go make her jealous
can you just stop come on Chevy Widger
meet the girl jealous oh man Shannon
aren't you so happy you said yes to
going to dance with me so thrilled
remember when I asked you out
you said yeah you're so sexy and amazing
I could never say no to you my words
exactly
yeah man who are they grow up to be
completely blind and stupid to say no to
me who you gonna please leave now no
Chevy I'm talking like that girl jealous
it doesn't even seem like she's paying
attention Junior oh it's hurt her I can
see she's getting really jealous but
look just make out with me what you're
talking about make out with you what's
wrong with you why not because you're a
child so if I was a teen you would
boy you idiot well Chevy I'm just trying
to make this girl chillin she doesn't
care about you to here and I'm not going
to make out with you okay that at least
grind on me with that you're going
home to freshen up okay well we'll get
that thing ready for me get nice and
waxed oh sorry you had to hear that my
girlfriend just a freak yeah you know
she said yes to me I'm like you oh why
did chef BP go home junior because he's
embarrassed or something I mean Shannon
went home because she had to change her
underwear because they were so wet from
peeing in him all night
oh that's hot yeah so uh she wanted to
put some new ones on for me or something
god damn me well probably cuz she's at
the dance with Roy get hard
Roy get hard who's Roy get hard who is
Roy get hard jr. he's only the coolest
guy in school I've never heard of him
before yeah rumor has it he's already
got a divorce and a kid more so young no
oh dude he's lived before life
yeah his parents on a dog grooming place
what how'd he get that circle ticket he
didn't pay for it I'll tell you that
much
how do you give it well apparently he
just spends his time going to Super
Bowls with other people's girls that he
didn't pay for which he could cause he
has a Rolex that's so cool
I want to be like Roy one day yeah don't
we uh well at least you guys have your
dates but wait but but paint on wrinkle
don't be the mom no it's too late
Junior you know what they say once they
go Roy they stay there but honestly I'm
not that mad I mean who can blame them
it is Roy you're such a why move hmm Oh
school dances over so grab your day and
go home wait
so what do we do now we should probably
go home this is Roy's world we're just
living in it hmm oh that dance is so
stupid I know right yeah see jr. this is
why I don't like girls I like men like
Ken anyway I have to get home if I'm not
back in the closet by midnight I'm in
trouble
All Right see you later Cody so what are
you gonna do now Julie er I think I
might listen to my dad's advice I'm
gonna cut someone's brakes yeah you do
that dude Chevy where's the scissors Roy
jr. it's not what it looks like okay it
is what it looks like but it's Roy look
look he treats me special it's something
that you can never do come on Roy let's
go and get a Saudi
[Music]