so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know
Junior don't you like the Cowboys too no
I've never liked the Cowboys why do you
have this cowboys wallet
oh my grandma got it for me I grew up a
Cowboys fan listen
listen yeah he went outside dude blown
the hell out you're a bit over Tom Brady
get bent over I didn't hear about that
when did that happen we're just sad that
he lost Cody oh do you think he's gonna
retire yeah probably I know we'll never
see him play again I mean he is 45 years
old so that makes sense oh
the news
[Music]
breaking news Tom Brady was eliminated
from the playoffs two days ago and now
he's holding a press conference to
announce his retirement oh I'm not
retiring but you're not retiring no no
I'm Gonna Keep playing football till I'm
60 years old well what team are you
gonna play for well it doesn't matter to
me I'm just going to keep playing
football until I win 30 Super Bowls yay
look guys he's gonna keep playing
football damn it [ __ ] I thought you guys
would be happy no Cody we wanted him to
retire yeah dude this is too agonizing
you guys we literally just sad that he
was gonna stop playing obviously we're
sad that he lost to the Cowboys Cody but
that doesn't mean we want to keep
playing football yeah he's super old
dude he could die at any moment what is
he gonna do wait till he's 60 years old
and then die on the field that his kids
have to grow up without a dad he already
lost his wife code he should retire and
spend time with his kids well maybe he
just loves playing football no no no he
doesn't love playing football no man
loves 300 pound men grabbing on you well
they wouldn't say no man but he's
clearly unhappy Cody he looks pretty
happy to me and he has millions of no no
he has a mental problem look there's
something wrong with his brain he has
like a curse on him that'll make him not
stop playing football and we need to
help him retire yeah dude what are we
gonna do how are you gonna help him
retire well we could break both his legs
oh I was thinking the same thing dude
listen Cody when a football player
breaks his leg his career is usually
over so if we break both of Tom Brady's
legs he's gonna have to retire but guys
I don't condone anything now let's look
at Cody look he's gonna be laying in a
hospital bed with both his legs snapped
in half and his kid's gonna be like get
done Daddy he's like oh I'm doing kids
and like Yay Daddy and they're gonna run
off in the sunset and he's gonna thank
us later Cody okay well how are you
gonna break his legs huh I got a bat ooh
a bat okay maybe I asked the wrong
question how are you gonna get Tom Brady
over here so you can break his legs hmm
we gotta like lure him in with something
that he likes he likes football no he
doesn't God he doesn't listen he's under
a curse Cody he doesn't like football
um Cody go on his Instagram and see if
he posts anything on his story that he
might like okay okay I'm on his
Instagram story what do you post hmm
well he has a picture of his dog on his
crotch and it says always looking for
meat that caption is crazy always
looking for meat is crazy well like he
just likes his dog on I mean yeah but
always looking for meat like that's just
crazy come on dude you know Brady got a
thing yeah I mean I guess
just seems crazy let's see Lua loving
her boy toy what the heck what is he
calling himself a boy toy he just likes
his dog Cody I guess who's a good boy
Junior this is crazy he just likes dogs
so I got an idea we go to the shelter we
adopt the dog we put it on Instagram
he'll come over and want to pet it well
a lot of people have dogs that doesn't
mean Tom Brady just shows up at their
house no look we'll tell them that the
dog's looking for meat yeah I guess that
could work all right so let's go to the
shelter and adopt a dog okay all right
guys we got a dog Junior I can't believe
we adopted a dog just so you can break
Tom Brady's legs we're helping Tom Brady
Cody dude what are we gonna name it uh
puffball Jenkins oh I like the name
sophisticated wait why is it sniffing
and licking me oh you know it's looking
for me dude oh yeah the post okay um
grab my phone okay all right Cody hold
him down okay
um take it Joseph okay dude I got you oh
dude this is a sweet pick let me see
oh yeah that's like it's just like Tom
Brady's post oh yeah guys this feels
wrong no Tom Brady did that post we're
just trying to get his attention Joseph
posted on my story oh I got you bro Tom
Brady will be here any minute that's
no way Tom Brady I wish I was Tom Brady
no I sprained my pinky in high school so
I never went pro but if I didn't spray
my pinky I'd be 10 times better than Tom
Brady oh by the way did you post this on
Instagram oh yeah I posted that yeah
okay well that is crazy I mean that
picture with that caption always looking
for me that is just insane man well I
was just trying to get Tom Brady's
attention no no this is crazy I'm gonna
have to check on that dog to see if it's
okay well no the dog is okay
um I'm gonna have to come check okay I'm
just gonna make myself a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich real quick I took my
shirt off because I don't want it to get
dirty with all the peanut butter and
jelly I don't know why I'm telling you
this you're a dog hold on let me just
get a glob of peanut butter
[Applause]
what the hell is going on in here I was
just trying to get a PBJ what a peanut
butter BJ kid what is wrong with you you
are sick no no look at peanut butter and
jelly sandwich well then why is there
peanut butter on your way I don't know
that's where the spoon fell oh yeah very
coincidental oh no officer officer
listen the dog is always looking for
meat not peanut butter okay I think I
need to take this dog away from you no
no no no we need this dog to break Tom
Brady's legs what I don't know what you
kids are talking about but this dog is
not safe here come on puffball Jenkins
let's get you to a safe home
took our dog Cody what's up dude where
were you at Joseph that was a silent no
that sounds way better than the peanut
butter and jelly sandwich I was gonna
make wait why do you have peanut butter
on your crush dude oh I tried to make a
PB and J and then a dog attacked me
actually you know what I'm gonna go
clean myself up oh dude where's the dog
oh the cops came and took him wait the
cops came oh man thank God I wasn't here
because I have a warrant I would have
started shooting someone would have died
okay guys I'm back
wait that's for sneezes yeah what's
wrong with you anyway Cody you put on a
new shirt uh yeah so but your shirt's
right here
foreign
what happened I don't know you guys just
fell asleep oh dude I got a headache I
can't remember anything good well since
the dog thing didn't work out how you
guys gonna get Tom Brady over here oh
yeah we still gotta get Tom Brady's
attention
um what else does Tom Brady like
football no he doesn't like football
Cody yes he does Junior dude he might be
right this time okay Cody since Tom
Brady likes football how are we gonna
get his attention with that well Tom
Brady still wants to play right so maybe
if we made like a highlight reel of
showing how good Joseph is at catching
footballs that would get Tom Brady's
attention and he'd come over to sign him
dude I always wanted to be a celebrity
oh dude let's do it okay well I mean
that actually might work all right so
let's grab a camera let's grab a
football and Joseph catch some footballs
oh yeah dude all right Cody make sure to
get the really good angles of Joseph
making these catches oh don't worry
Junior me and my boyfriend have had a
lot of practice with the camera we
should start it only fans all right
Joseph go along all right dude I'm open
I'm open dude eat Bros get out of my
kitchen I'm trying to make scorching hot
Pringles oh this shot's gonna be
oh God Cody why did you have to get in
my way I would have definitely made it
to ESPN catch the ball over the fire
dang yeah why'd you have to get in his
way Cody Junior that was a [ __ ] throw
and you know it well the doctor's on his
way hey there somebody call a doctor
yeah doctor I have this sore in my mouth
it's like on the side and it burns and I
play with it with my tongue but I don't
like it no that's okay it's just a cold
sore it'll go away in a few days all
right thank you all right if that's all
you needed uh excuse me oh my God kid
you are burned to a crisp what happened
my friend sucks at throwing no you suck
at being a cameraman listen doctor we
were trying to make a highlight reel for
Tom Brady because we wanted him to try
to sign my friend right and so we were
trying to throw the football over the
fire and Cody got in the way and fell
into the fire oh man kids playing with
fire is really dangerous somebody could
have gotten seriously hurt uh excuse me
oh right yeah you did get seriously hurt
well this is why you don't do that kind
of thing huh I feel like I should say
something else
um no more monkeys jumping on the bed no
that's not it uh an apple a day keeps
the doctor away yeah yeah that's it I'm
afraid of apples iPhone
iPad iPod
oh well I guess that's it yeah apples
see okay well if that's all you need
excuse me can you help me oh oh right
yeah yeah sorry sorry kid I'll give you
a full body cast for your Burns yes
please I'm in so much pain you feeling
better Cody a little bit well kid since
you have burns on 98 of your body I
guess that makes you eligible for the
Make-A-Wish Foundation so what do you
want to wish for you can meet anybody
you do pretty much anything
um
asked to meet Tom Brady and then we can
break his legs that seems wrong do it
Cody I want to meet Tom Brady oh okay
yeah sure I can get Tom Brady over here
wait a minute don't you have a warrant
I'll get you kid okay yeah I'll go get
Tom Brady over here oh good going Cody
hey there I'm Tom Brady I heard there
was a sick kid here who wanted to meet
me uh yeah Tom I did hey how about I
give you a smooch well that was just a
pick let's go in for another
there you go do you feel better uh yeah
hey Tom hey I'm Tom Brady
what are you doing with that hammer ow
ow my legs my precious legs ah you broke
both my legs I'm sorry Thomas for your
own good doctor come in here well Tom
you broke both your legs and that kid
did it but you're not pressing charges
so I'm gonna go Tom why are you not
pressing charges well because it's not
his fault well yeah it is he broke your
legs on purpose are you gonna retire now
Tom no of course not imagine winning a
Super Bowl while in a wheelchair I'll be
the Super Goat the first NFL player to
win a Super Bowl while in a wheelchair
so you don't want to retire nope you
don't want to spend time with your kids
no that's lame you know it is a lame
Super Bowls you don't want to like enjoy
life Super Bowls is life you don't want
to like spend time on the beach with
your millions of dollars no not unless
there's a Super Bowl on the beach oh
that'd be cool there should be a Super
Bowl underwater on the moon
um okay always follow your dreams kids
well Junior you didn't get Tom Brady to
retire I guess there's nothing that'll
make him retire yeah always looking for
meat though is crazy right like that's a
crazy caption we can all agree that's
crazy
[Music]