[Music]
all right everyone wake up sadness you
there yeah angry you there yeah all
right time to get the day started let's
say we wake him up and go annoy daddy a
we shouldn't annoy Daddy because we're
going to get in trouble I say we make a
piano of ourselves that goes every time
we hit it yeah that would be sick no
that would be so annoying shut up
sadness I say we wake up screaming at
the top of our lungs yeah no let's
go good morning
world hey
Daddy Jeffy what is that it's a Me piano
I call it a
meano Jeffy where did you even get that
ooh guys he wants to know where we got
our piano from ow AR know I think we
should hit the AR no button but we do
know where we got it from we got it from
smlmerch.com sadness Link in the
description but I'm just going to hit
the I don't even know button I don't
even know Jeffy seriously where didd you
get it I don't even know Jeffy where did
you get the piano I don't even know
Jeffy I don't even know I don't even
know I don't even know I don't even know
I don't even know I don't even know guys
it's getting annoying stop keep hitting
it I don't even know I don't even know I
don't even know I don't even know did he
uh [ __ ] hit us he did we should hit
him back why did Daddy hit us does he
hate us he's a bad daddy all right guys
let's be strategic about this I think we
should cry to get sympathy from Mommy I
think we should yell at Daddy and tell's
high all good suggestions I say we do
them
all Marvin look what you did you're a
bad daddy are you [ __ ] high hitting
me Jeffy you won't tell me where you got
this piano from I don't know Jeffy tell
me where you got it from maybe you
should check out smlmerch.com Link in
the description all right Jeffy take
this to your room I don't want to hear
it cuz it's really annoying
okay whoa Joseph where didd you get all
those fireworks dude I got it from a guy
selling out his trunk oh that sounds
safe yeah we should go outside and light
him and see how long we can hold him
after we light him that'd be so cool no
we should not do that because we're
going to end up like Jason Pierre Paul
what a future Hall of Famer a two-time
Super Bowl champion no missing four of
our fingers he won one of those Super
Bowls after he lost his fingers yeah
well I bet if he had the chance to trade
in those Super Bowl rings for his
fingers back he'd do it I don't think so
he won one of those Super Bowls with Tom
Brady and he won the other one beating
Tom Brady he'd be silly to trade in
those Rings dude if you offered me to
keep my fingers or win two Super Bowls
I'm picking my fingers if they told me
i' to lose both my hands to kiss Tom
Brady I would do it yeah [ __ ] you can
take my hands wait a minute hey guys
check out my Jeffy piano wa yeah look
what it can
do oh can sing his song that's so cool
yeah check this
out hey ddy keep some cheer I got a and
my nose that's so cool can speed it up
can it slow it down oh of course Junior
check this out you think that's funny I
Stu my
di like my
money CH and screwed it's Cho and
screwed definitely all right well
there's enough of that I [ __ ] my pant
and now it's running why why so where
can you get this piano at Jeffy HML
merch.com link
description was I late yeah just a
little bit so Jeffy you want to go
outside and light fireworks with us
fireworks those are so pretty yeah they
go boom explosions yeah guys let's go
light some freaking fireworks then yeah
guys that's good do fireworks yeah make
sure you wear your goggles you don't
want to get sparks in your eyes shut
your lame ass up dude yeah do you wear
goggles while you're slobbing knob yeah
I wear a goddamn Poncho cuz I'm in the
Splash Zone it's like Shamu jumping into
a pool full of mayonnaise oh Jesus let's
just go and pop fireworks dude let's go
fireworks
fireworks
fireworks it's raining no dude 4th of
July is ruin oh man why does it have to
rain on the 4th of
July wait we can't do fireworks while
it's raining this is the worst day ever
ah I hate the rain guys I guess we're
just going to have to cry because we
didn't get our way yeah I think we
should cry
a I want to light fireworms me too Jeffy
but we can't light them while it's
raining right no okay let's just go wait
in my room till it's done raining yeah
oh guys I can't believe it's raining on
the 4th of July this should be the one
holiday that it can't rain I know dude
it should be illegal I also don't want
it to rain on Christmas or Halloween
because of trick-or-treating or
Thanksgiving or my birthday or all of
summer break or spring break or the
Super Bowl or any days I don't want it
to rain Junior they can't control the
rain they didn't do BU and then they
couldn't make it stop raining well
listen are there any of these like
fireworks we can light in the house like
these Rockets what are you a freaking
stupid Junior you're going to burn the
house down you can't burn your house
down if it's raining outside the rain
will extinguish the fire the rain is on
the outside of the house the fire would
be on the inside of the house and when
the fire burns the ceiling off then the
rain could get in extinguish the fire we
don't want the fire to burn the ceiling
off that's what we want to avoid okay
listen are there any fireworks we can
light that won't burn the house down
Jeffy do you still have those little
snap and pop things I used them all oh
great well we have this little but plug
thing but I'm pretty sure if we lit this
it would explode in the house Junior why
would you light it while I'm holding it
you
[ __ ] Junior blew my [ __ ] hand
off you
idiot call call call what the [ __ ] the
firework blew his hand off his hand is
completely off that was totally gnarly
that was cool as [ __ ] well it's no our
problem hey guys wait who are you my
name's anxiety you know that could have
happened to us a firework could have
blown her hand off oh my God that's true
it could have been us we could have been
the one that lost our
hand
daddy daddy my friend let a firework in
the house and it blew his hand off Jeffy
you are lighting fireworks in the house
no my friend didn't it blew his hand off
Jeffy you could have gotten hurt I know
my hand could have gotten blown off why
is my diaper so tight why is my shirt
still on is it hot in here somebody help
me Marvin I think he's having a panic
attack I'll call a doctor
I think we're going to die I think we're
going to die what are you doing anxiety
you're [ __ ] up the controls you
[ __ ] yeah stop messing with the
controls we're going to die we're
doomed ow ow stop crying Cody we brought
you to the hospital cuz you decided to
blow your hand off hey there let me
guess another fireworks injury maybe you
blew your hand off playing with
fireworks wao dude he's a wizard how do
you know that doctor because this is the
4th of July people do that every single
year tons of people blow their hands off
playing with fireworks even though they
see people do that on the news all the
time they just can't stop doing it they
love it you know what's crazy those
people woke up today with all of their
fingers and all of their hands and now
they don't have them anymore because
they decided to ruin their life just for
7 Seconds of fun just like me when I had
my first kid my entire life ruined over
7 Seconds those were the best 7 Seconds
of my life though I was going crazy so
what's going on well it's not my fault
Junior lit the firework while I was
holding it well why didn't you just
throw it well yeah I guess I could have
thrown it instead of saying Junior why
did you like it while I was holding it
you [ __ ] so that is my bad well
can you like put the fingers back on
like can you sew them back on did you
bring the fingers no hm chicken fingers
yeah that's what I'm going to have for
dinner I'm going to Bojangles and I'm
going to eat them with both hands
because I can do that cuz I'm
responsible with fireworks well is there
a way he could grow his fingers back
like a lizard no because he's not a
lizard he's a human being he's not Dr
Kurt Connor from The Amazing Spiderman
and even if he was you saw how that
happened I mean yeah he got his arm back
but he also turned into a horrible
lizard monster and Andrew Garfield only
got two movies can you please give me
some goddamn pain medicine well look on
the bright side Cody now you can go win
two Super Bowls no I can't because Jason
Pierre Paul was already in the NFL he
already made a name for himself they're
not going to take me yeah now that
Spirit do and also this doctor might
have a connection with the NFL oh yeah I
do I treat lots of concussions and then
there's also Demar Hamlin I brought him
back to life like I was Dr Frankenstein
you know he actually told me he faked
the whole thing but I'll still never
forgive him for giving the Chiefs the
number one seed can you please give me
some pain medicine oh yeah yeah I'll go
get that hey there somebody call a
doctor yeah doctor sorry for calling you
I know you're probably busy on the 4th
of July no not really I have to give
pain medicine to this one kid who blew
his hand off plane with fireworks but
I'm going to let him suffer for a little
while it's his own fault that's one of
the things I actually like about being a
doctor is that I can just disappear for
a little while and play some Candy Crush
in my office my patients think I'm busy
but no I'm just crushing candy well
anyway jeffy's having a really bad panic
attack oh yeah he probably just has
anxiety from all the fireworks outside
some of my older veteran patients have
the same problem I like to bust into
their room covered in grass and
screaming in Vietnamese while I throw
poppers at him that always freaks him
out yeah I always say just kidding but
no they're usually pretty upset that's
okay they have Alzheimer's they're not
even going to remember that I did it
anyway here you can just uh have some of
my Xanax what you take Xanax oh no no no
I write prescriptions for my friends and
then they give them to me and then I
sell them on the street for a profit on
the streets they call me Dr Phil with an
F you know like Phil their prescription
cuz they're addicts my wife also calls
me Dr Phil but for a very different and
gross reason anyway this will make you
feel a lot better so say ah I don't do
well with pills I need you to hide it in
peanut butter and shove it up my ass I'm
not doing that open your
mouth you missed it's
okay Jeffy take it what do we just
swallow is it going to kill us I think
they give us medicine to make us calm
down what if the medicine makes us have
depressing thoughts what if it makes us
angry hey there who are you my name's
XEX I'm the cream of the crop get out of
here we don't want you here I'm going
nowhere I get you for 30 minutes 30
minutes of relax time kick his ass xanx
yeah mess him up yeah get rid of anxiety
don't touch me stay away time to go
night night
[ __ ] you
die I feel better now yeah now I feel
good I feel better I know you do buddy
I'm going to write you a prescription
for 60 of those and you give me half
capiche now I'm going to go back to the
hospital and pretend I'm busy Jeffy I
know you're freaking out but it's just
called anxiety you get that when you get
older dny I don't give a [ __ ] I'm
floating on a cloud I just popped the Y
13 hours till I land help me out like a
light what is he talking about I don't
know like a light and [ __ ] Hella
Tight all right Cody how you feeling
well considering the doctor never came
back and we had to stop at Walgreens for
bandages and ipren I'm not feeling good
you poed the boofy yeah and it's not
doing anything well that's enough about
you I'm got to talk to them hey guys if
you want one of my Jeffy P Nanos then go
to HML merch.com right now Link in the
description and get your pre-order in
before July 31st and we got to sell
2,000 of these [ __ ] because Santa
Claus needs a 4mon notice before they
can get into your stocking what jeffy's
trying to say is that we have to sell
2,000 pre-orders of this piano before
July 31st or the factory won't be able
to make it in time for Christmas so go
ahead and pre-order this right now at
smlmerch.com yeah so if you want a Jeffy
piano go to es.com right now place your
pre-order and if we get 2,000 then we
get to produce these production so we
can be able to sell more in the future
yeah and you got 3 and 1/2 weeks to
decide what you want for Christmas and
it better be this yep and if not then
you're a square you're not around 2,000
of these please 2,000 show them how it
works oh of course see regular
piano and then if you hit this button
right
here and then if you hit the Jeffy
button it plays one of my
songs that's pretty cool that's pretty
cool that is a pretty cool and also has
a working microphone too does you sing
into it it works it record you can
record your voice singing to it
too hey Daddy I smack These Hoes my pee
in some
Cheerios got a pencil in my nose and
beat my dier everywhere our those well
guys I think today was a successful day
what if that anxiety guy comes back I
think the doctor gave us enough Xanax
[Music]
go