hey Manny can you help me build my
Discovery solar robot how long is that
gonna take Jeffy not long ago because
it's 197 easy build pieces 197 Pieces
come on Marvin just help him out it's
gonna take forever baby and it says easy
build yeah Danny it's so easy an
eight-year-old can do it see it says
ages eight plus no Jeffy I think that's
how many hours it's going to take to
build eight plus no dang look how many
pieces what the what the hell is this
you gotta break every little individual
piece I just gotta take a whole day by
itself then you just light work it's not
light work it's gonna take forever Jeffy
no it won't die look at the instructions
like hieroglyphics I'm not a scientist I
can't read this Jeffy how about we just
play with something else Jeffy like can
you go play with something fun okay
Daddy I guess I'll just play with
matches
hey where fire go I blew it out you're
not gonna play with matches Jeffy but
where fire go I blew it out where fire
go when you blow it out it disappears
but where'd you go it goes back to the
sun that's that's where fire comes from
why just go take a bath okay Daddy
never gonna build that would take
forever time for me to turn on the bath
wait wait what the what is that elephant
poop ing about
hey what do you want Jeffy you're
supposed to be taking a bath we're
always going to Danny but there's six
elephant turns in the bathtub you took a
crap in the bathtub today it wasn't me
this time Jeff you're supposed to poop
in the toilet not the bathtub it wasn't
me Daddy it's the size of elephant poop
well Jeffy you go clean it up because
it's yours no Daddy you have to see it
come see it Marvin just go with him but
baby he crapped in the bathtub he's just
trying to show us to brag about it okay
you know what Jeffy I'm gonna make you
clean it up come on Sheena look are
those potatoes no it's elephant poop
Jeffy that's not elephant poop there's
no smell it looks like they're kind of
eggs how are you getting eggs out of
that because of the shape of eggs and I
don't know what these are they look
really old let me call an egg expert but
pick them up and bring him to the couch
all right Daddy hey there somebody
calling expert
I expected that to get more of a laugh
I get it now you're just exaggerating
[Laughter]
now I'm just egging y'all
geez okay let's get started what do you
got for me so we found these in our
bathtub but we don't know what they are
hmm well At a Glance they look like
dinosaur eggs dinosaur eggs or they
could be bombs bombs yeah you can never
be too careful okay everybody duck frag
grenade out
huh not a bomb well I guess I know what
these are now dinosaur eggs exactly they
were in my bathtub yeah well dinosaur
eggs are extremely rare because
dinosaurs are extinct so destroying or
disturbing these eggs is a serious
felony you can get a lot of time in
prison didn't you just throw one out the
window hey that was for science I had to
make sure these weren't bombs why would
these be bombs well you never know what
those crazy terrorists are planning one
minute you think it's a dinosaur egg and
then you try to grab it and then bam
your hand ends up looking like Jason
Pierre Paul's well where would dinosaur
eggs even come from hmm let's think
about that for a second let's let's
really think about that they're they're
dinosaur eggs
so they probably would have come from
dinosaurs huh how about that context
clues as [ __ ] but like but where would a
dinosaur even be at Mervin we have a pet
dinosaur we do have a pet dinosaur Jeffy
go grab your pet dinosaur all right
daddy you forgot you had a pet dinosaur
well yeah I'm getting old all right
daddy there's booger
all right so that's our dinosaur named
booger oh don't say that name hey
Brooklyn guys Jesus Christ yeah I know
booger High did you miss me not really
who are you talking to I have an
imaginary friend named Boga whenever you
said that name he thought you were
summoning him so now he won't get the
hell out of my ear hey who's these
people they mess with you no they're not
you will be the ruffle box no you don't
have to do that they're fine okay good
cause you're the man I know they should
know that too you're the guy you're the
best you're awesome I get it you're the
[ __ ] yeah okay a Jesus Christ booger
just let me do my job
my pants
yeah okay
thank you hey Hey booger hey you know
what you can do for it you can get me
some tissues for all my boogers
no I don't get out of my nose
right here could you just get the
tissues please booger yeah
holy [ __ ] okay can we please make this
quick before he comes back you see that
dinosaur right there that dinosaur laid
these eggs it's a girl dinosaur
congratulations but I thought poker was
a
it's a girl okay so then how did she get
pregnant well you know another dinosaur
had to
[Music]
thank you booger okay look I helped you
with your problem just don't destroy
these eggs all right take care of them
come on booger let's go
oh [ __ ] I can't believe booger's a girl
but Marvin who got booger pregnant I
don't know we don't know any other
dinosaurs
why you need 70 Dougie to get the new
here at boops game there's a new Harry
Potter game yeah his favorite poop is an
expedition of hop-offs you get to see
dumbledoofers you also get to give a
Dobby his salt bag and you get to see
Hermione's fine ass okay well I thought
you played Call of Duty not Harry Potter
well usually I do be playing some Call
of Duty but now I want to play Harry
Potter I want to be on Hufflepuff
okay well all I have is a
well I need my change back well if you
want some change and you need to vote
for Obama what yeah
you be collecting some raps no these are
dinosaur eggs Dougie dinosaur eggs is
expensive wait a minute uh Doug you see
that dinosaur over there oh yeah they
got my cousin
poopy you know
oh man no that's my cousin Boogie she
ratchet [ __ ] well I thought I thought
booger I mean I thought your cousin
pookie was a boy nah I mean she's so
ugly she could be a boy but ain't that I
ain't doing nothing with her so these
are not your eggs no those ain't mines
all right baby we really gotta protect
these eggs they're very valuable
you said they was valuable yeah they are
valuable they're dinosaur eggs they're
worth a lot of money well how much is
they worth I don't know thousands or the
thousands Stacks Marvin we should sell
these right here but we're not selling
them Dougie they're gonna hatch and
they're they're like dinosaurs are like
Sting so they're endangered and we'll go
we'll go to jail if we sell these Dougie
Oh Come
smell why not we be really ripped we're
not getting monies go buy your Harry
Potter game Dougie oh okay my bills all
right baby let's protect these eggs hey
there welcome to the black market why I
gotta be black because of my skin color
no it's because it's dark in here I damn
as long as it's because of the day so
you're buying or selling well I'm trying
to sell me some dinosaur eggs but I
ain't got sinning okay well if you did
have dinosaur eggs you could get a lot
of money for them because dinosaurs are
extinct well how much money IB gets
probably a couple million because
they're pretty rare Mew you
Marvin can we go out to eat tonight no
baby we have to stay home and sit on
these eggs until they hatch but how do
we know they're going they're going to
hatch because they're eggs baby and eggs
hatch them oh nose you caught me Dougie
you put that egg back right now no I got
no I got it for some money you're not
selling these eggs Dougie they're
endangered Let It Go folk I need some
money no you put the heck down you know
this is my mother give it to me
oopsie Daisy Duck you just killed that
egg well if you wouldn't let me halves
it then I could have sold it for some
money and it would still be alive dude
I've been getting so much trouble that
was illegal what you just did well if
you're gonna get in trouble anyway why
don't you just let me have one today no
you're not having any more of these eggs
get back here oh no
ah W you broke another egg no you broke
the egg by tackling me it makes me drops
it I ain't do nothing wrong like [ __ ]
just get out of here baby we lost
another egg what the hell because my
bips trying to push me down the stairs
cause he's mean no you were trying to
steal the eggs and now we only have
three left if Brooklyn guy finds out we
lost two of the eggs we're gonna get
arrested hey there just here to check on
those eggs and make sure they're not
broken why are there three but because
five is a lot to sit on that's what my
ex-wife didn't say well look we needed
help sitting on the eggs to help him
hatch so booger sit on two of them don't
say that name please I'm talking about
booger the dinosaur God damn it hey
Brooklyn I'm back oh good oh why are you
uniform you're gonna get some bad guys
yeah well I am a cop bugger oh you
should shoot him I'm not gonna shoot
anybody
um is it happening again oh yeah
oh play the big cop they can't hear you
booger that wouldn't work okay you go
[ __ ] what happened to the other two eggs
it doesn't matter if you yell booger
they can't hear you
you know what that's a good
ice booger okay okay but don't forget by
the time in middle school when you
misspelled house in a school spelling
bee
h-o-w-s-e now everyone else thought you
were wrong but I thought you was right
it should be spelled that way cause
you're the man thank you thank you
booger okay I'll go get those handcuffs
please please but don't forget about
that time in high school when you asked
how you crush Rebecca Smith
everyone called you stinky smelly ugly
open Brooklyn guy yeah not me I called
you the man poopy pants the man yeah you
did say that thank you booger okay we
don't have long before he gets back uh
what happened to the eggs because I told
you I told you that the the the dinosaur
was sitting on him and that's what's
happening oh that's really interesting
because I found one of the eggs broken
at the bottom of your stairs and when I
pulled into the driveway I found the
other one broken there next to the one
that I broke for science so so there's
two in the driveway no you just reuse
the footage of you throwing the last one
you lazy piece of [ __ ] well well I
didn't feel like doing it again I'm
tired oh wait listen listen we got three
eggs and it's not my fault you know it's
it's Dougie's fault
what is the million dollars
oh that's good because it looks like I'm
gonna be arresting these people wait
wait hold on I'm sorry did you just say
that you were gonna sell these eggs for
a million dollars yeah
you could be a rich man
man that ever man to man I do like the
sound of that yeah be doing the right
thing wait you we can't sell these for a
million dollars against the law screw
the law I want to be a millionaire sell
these we can get
a milk I mean there are three and
there's three of us so we all have a
million dollars go sell these eggs all
right let's go sell them all right
here's the
done rule number one
oh we're just trying to sell these eggs
so really get a million dollars per egg
yeah these are real dinosaur eggs
no these are not real dinosaur eggs what
are you talking about you said they were
real they are hey if Brooklyn guy says
they're real they're real so so these
are not real no no there's a lot of fake
eggs going around see there's this kid's
toy you can buy at Target that's the Dig
Em Up dinosaur eggs Toy I opened mine
already it's actually really fun oh I I
think I bought these for Jeffy like a
few months ago I just forgot yeah
that'll happen so we don't get a million
dollars per egg no sorry but I'll tell
you what if you have a built version of
this thing I'll give you 10 million oh
that's not worth it I know
[Music]
thank you
[Music]