[Music]
officer simmons officer guy get in here
you called us sir look chief i got this
dinosaur toy
put the damn toy down simmons
sorry sir what do you need us for sir
well there's this dolphin going around
selling illegal black tar tuna it's been
killing people eating tuna sandwiches i
need you guys to do an undercover sting
operation and get this scum off the
streets will do sir can i bring the
dinosaur toy
give me the damn toy simmons and have
this back after you capture the dolphin
okay sir come on simmons let's get this
bastard off the streets
all right simmons we're here why am i
dressed like a dolphin mate well he's
not to give black talk tuna to a cop but
he'll give it to another dolphin ah but
why did i have to put the dolphin
costume on why couldn't you put it on
because i'm claustrophobic simmons i i
can't wear a tight costume besides you
look good as a dolphin oh thanks mike
all right so when he shows up you're
gonna ask him for the tuna and when he
gives it to you we bust him all right
wait a minute is that him oh yeah that
is him
go talk to him
hey how's it going mate i mean
is that a cop in your car oh him oh no
that's my uber driver your uber driver's
a cop no we just got back from a
halloween party it's not halloween oh
you wrote okay
wait a minute is that a human head
coming out of your mouth yeah i just ate
a human yummy oh cool oh you want to buy
this black tartuna sure all right
that'll be 500 bucks uh
i don't have any money but how am i
supposed to sell you the tuna if you
don't have money uh hold on let me go
ask my uber driver
all right simmons where's the tuna i
don't have any money what do you mean
you don't have money you didn't bring
any money no this dolphin cost him ain't
got pockets
okay fine how much does he want five
hundred dollars five hundred dollars we
should charge him for robbery too jesus
what's that stuff made of let me see how
much i have
okay i've only got about 140 bucks here
just give this to him and see how much
we can get we can't arrest him until he
sells it to us all right
hey hey hey i'm back with the money
that's not 500 i know but it's all i got
mate that's not good enough i need 500.
well could you just sell me a little bit
no no i only sell the whole can oh come
on mate you busted my balls here okay
simmons get the tuna so we can bust this
guy wait is that my phone where's my
phone ringing why is my wife calling me
what karen i'm undercover right now what
did you say pointy you're under the
covers with another woman no why would i
even tell you that if i was no i'm a cop
and i'm doing an undercover sting
operation sting were you stung by a bee
boy no i wasn't you need to put some
neosporin on it so it doesn't swell up
oh my god karen i can't talk what do you
want boy need the remote died and i need
to know what batteries it takes what
kind of batteries are in there right now
karen i don't know boydy well just look
at them what do they look like like are
they small all batteries are small boy
they oh my god okay okay there's like
there's small batteries and there's like
medium-sized batteries like which one is
it i want to say
yes
what do you mean yes it wasn't a yes or
no question karen sorry man i can't give
it to you unless you give me 500. oh
come on mate i can't arrest you until
you sell me something arrest me i knew
you were a cop oh no no no i'm not a cop
oh
oh my god karen i don't know how you
don't know the difference between triple
a and double a batteries i never had to
learn boitie lauren you don't have to
learn you don't go to school for this
stuff karen it's basic life stuff funny
just tell me what kind of batteries i
need me you tell me you're the one who's
looking at the batteries but compare it
to something boining okay i guess like a
double a battery looks like a like a
tootsie roll i guess oh i haven't had a
tootsie roll in years boingy we should
go to the store and get some carrot
karen stay focused okay how about this
how about i just change the batteries
when i get home oh no boingy my show's
on i can't miss it again but miss it
what show could you possibly miss that
isn't already on an app that ends in the
word plus just tell me what kind of
batteries i need okay okay we'll make
this easy just read the letters that are
on the batteries oh there's a lot of
letters pointy a lot of letters like
like three like three a's for triple a
no there's no ace no a's oh these aren't
d batteries okay read the batteries okay
e
e and what e
g
no no
no no no no karen you're you're saying
energizer that's the brand
i'm hanging up oh god damn it simmons
what happened oh my god
are you okay oh he picked me up fight
simmons what happened he found out we
were cops i need to go to the hospital
okay okay
right now
damn it guy how'd you mess this up your
partner's in the hospital and that damn
dolphin's still on the loops i'm sorry
sir it's just my wife called and she
didn't know the difference between a
double a and a triple a battery and i
got distracted and it was just the whole
thing i don't want to hear it guy find
that dolphin or you're fired okay sir
i'll get that dolphin you better or it's
your ass all right daddy you ready to
watch monsters inc i don't want to watch
monsters in today jeffy but then usually
we can watch monster zinc while wearing
our costumes so put your showy costume
on daddy i'm not putting that solid
costume on put that costume on your show
help me so help me no jeffy but i won't
watch a movie with you daddy me and you
you and me both of us together
no jeffrey we're not watching it but
yeah i want to watch the movie on repeat
for a month straight that's impossible
jeffy not for googly bear stop quoting
mike wazowski wazowski you invaluable
paperwork correctly what you got to do
this favor for me buddy the pink copies
go into accounting the future one's
going to purchasing and the goldenrod
ones go to ross abuse what are you
talking about chubby genius you already
know why i bought the movie to watch it
you know with the watch and the laugh
laughs okay fine we'll watch monster
drink jeffy great mike wazowski sheena
mommy getcha okay i'm turning the movie
on kitty
[Music]
breaking news okay the police are
looking for a dolphin who beat up a
police officer he's wearing a leather
jacket and considered thin and dangerous
oh my gosh that dolphin beat up that
police officer he must be really
dangerous 23 19. we got 23 19. jeffy
shut up look i'm turning on your stupid
dumb movie
who's that
huh i love you schmoochie boo hello hey
man you're the golfer from the news
that's wanted by the police yes yes
that's me okay i want to know if i can
stay in your house but no you can't stay
in my house you're a fugitive i'm not
like a little fugitive at my house oh
come on the police will never even think
to look here not unless you have like an
aquarium in your backyard no i don't
have an aquarium in my backyard see
they'll never even look here no i have a
wife and a kid you're a dangerous person
i don't want you in my house no come on
dolphins are nice we don't bite we're
not like sharks sharks are mean but you
beat up that police officer yeah but he
was trying to arrest me okay look i'll
pay you a hundred dollars a day to stay
here 100 a day yeah
okay
come inside roommate thanks who's at the
door marvin hey everybody
shut up or i'll kill you wait this is my
wife this is my wife uh oh i mean hello
ma'am what a lovely home you have marvin
what is he doing here he needed a place
to stay and you said he could stay here
he's giving us a hundred dollars a day
that's not enough this is illegal oh
come on you'll never even know i'm here
dolphins are quiet peaceful animals that
dang he's a killing machine no you're
thinking of killer whales no he's just
quoting monsters inc oh i love that
movie put that thing back where it came
from more so help me so help me oh look
baby everything's gonna be fine just let
him stay here no marvin i don't approve
of this he's giving us a hundred dollars
a day that's three thousand dollars a
month you get manicures and pedicures
and whatever you want i don't have nails
marvin i'm a puppet
[Music]
breaking news okay the police are
offering a twenty thousand dollar reward
if you find the dolphin that beat up the
police officer twenty thousand dollar
reward baby we have the tournament i
think you're right marvin oh come on
guys twenty thousand dollars isn't that
much money i mean if i pay you a hundred
dollars a day you'll make that much in
seven months buddy we'll never turn you
in we would never turn you in we're
gonna turn them in okay i'm gonna
distract him and you're gonna call the
police all right uh so yeah we're not
gonna turn you in oh that's good cause
i'll do whatever you want like i'll be
your little pet dolphin or whatever i
wanna pick dolphin you wanna pet dolphin
jeffy yeah okay you can be jeffy's pet
dolphin okay cool i mean i can't really
do any tricks or anything i i guess i
can steal things and kill people you
don't have to do any of that just be
jeffy's little pet dolphin okay okay all
right so uh yeah so baby while we hang
out with jeffy's new pet how about you
go order us some palisa nah i'm not that
hungry no no baby i don't think you
understand me go call the paliza man
pizza man get the polita man and order
some palisa are you having a stroke
marvin oh
listen to me call the policeman man you
know what what's their number seven one
one no no eight one one
one one
i don't know what you're talking about
order some polizza okay and if it's not
here in 10 minutes we get 20 g's 20
cheese pizzas
you know
oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah make sure there's
some coppings and toppings on the
palitza okay i'm picking up what you're
throwing down marvin go order the plate
okay oh yeah she's just she's ordering
pizza man whenever you order pizza
things get really stressful yes it's a
very stressful process in this house we
rarely order pizza so let's go do pet
stuff with jeffy come on okay all right
kid what kind of pet stuff you want me
to do i can roll over take a nap no
let's play fetch fetch yep
go get it
okay
there i got it
go get it
all right
okay i think i'm kind of done with fetch
no no go get it
okay i think i think we can finish with
fetch for now nope
go get it okay but this is the last one
yeah jeffy i think he's getting tired of
fetch okay no more fetch
go get it i'm not getting it go get it
i'm not going to get it bad
don't you hurt him because i'll call the
cops
okay i think you need to brush your
teeth and we're going to wash your mouth
out why because scary monsters don't
have plaque come on okay
okay marvin i ordered the pizza and
called the police why'd you order a
pizza well you were talking in code and
i didn't know which one you wanted me to
do so i did both i wanted you to call
the police i ordered pizza okay well i
did both well i did that now we're gonna
pizza we're not gonna eat it
hold on who is that hello hey there you
ordered pizza and also called the cops
ew what kind of pizza is this this is
police station pizza police station
pizza yeah somebody choked to death on
it so we took it as evidence but then
when you ordered the pizza we just took
it out of the evidence locker and
decided to give it to you why would you
give me evidence pizza well because
nobody's ever ordered a pizza from the
cops before so we didn't know what to do
well forget the pizza look you know that
dolphin that's wanted on the news yeah
he's in my house
where is that bastard he's upset squad
silly dolphin you got toothpaste all
over your leather jacket thanks for
putting it in the washing machine kid
here he is officer this is a dolphin
from the news
no this is just a normal dolphin what
are you talking about well the dolphin
i'm looking for wears a leather jacket
this guy doesn't have one no no he just
took it off well i don't see it well no
he took the leather jacket off he has
one well if i can't see it it doesn't
exist what what about oxygen nope
doesn't exist what although he can talk
well talk then dolphin
nah he's just making dolphin noises
whatever he's messing with you this is
the dolphin that hurt your partner look
man this is the sixth call i've gotten
today about fake dolphin reports and my
office is really hurt okay so don't even
talk to me about this game
you really tried to rap me out didn't
you oh it's a 20 000 you can't blame me
you know now i'm gonna have to kill you
kill me yeah but first i gotta get my
leather jacket i can't kill people
without my leather jacket oh no all
right i'm going to kill you please don't
kill us oh i have to you broke my trust
we'll do anything just leave us alone
please hey do you guys have any double a
or aaa batteries because my wife doesn't
know the whoa whoa whoa wait a minute
you're the dolphin i'm looking for he's
right there uh no i'm not wait you can
talk oh you're definitely the dolphin
you're under arrest boink i got him he
got me okay where's the reward what the
news said twenty thousand dollars for
whoever helps capture the dolphin and i
showed you where he was at but i caught
the dolphin so i should get the reward
no i called you and said the dolphin was
here so i told you where he was at no no
the dolphin you showed me didn't have a
leather jacket and he couldn't talk this
dolphin has a leather jacket and he can
talk no they're the same dolphin the
dolphin i showed you is that dolphin he
just took his jacket off no i mean i'm
being serious man i'd let you have the
reward if you found them but i found
this guy no no they're the same dolphin
the dolphin you saw like two minutes ago
is that dolphin he took his jacket off
but why would a dolphin take his jacket
off because he got toothpaste on it when
he was brushing his teeth why would a
dolphin brush his teeth because scary
monsters don't have plaque facts okay
look man this isn't your dolphin it is
he was paying me to stay here and i was
letting him stay here and then i called
you guys wait a minute did you just
confess to harboring a criminal oh
um
you're right you found him okay come on
you come with me
he's out of our hair
all right jeffy we'll watch monsters inc
mike wazowski
[Music]