all right crafts tonight is the school
prey of the three little pigs and each
one of you is gonna act in the prayer so
what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna walk
around and pass out the costume for the
character that you're gonna pray what a
school play i love theater i hope i get
the lead role of the wolf
dude that's a horrible wolf but i should
be the wolf he blows houses down and i
love to blow things you're gonna be a
pig just like your mom cody like mother
like son all right penelope you're to be
a pig ha ha you're going to be a pig hey
teacher do you have a washing machine
costume so you can wash dishes like a
girl you're such a misogynist junior no
oh i don't massage people for a living
settle down settle down crass junior
you're going to be a pig tube ha ha
junior you dork i don't want to be a
stupid dumb pig all right joseph you're
also going to be a pig oh this sucks oh
yeah that means i get to be the wolf i
knew it i knew he'd see the greatness in
me and cody you're going to be a tree a
tree there's not even a tree in the
story well that's where they get the
sticks from what
jeffy you get to be the big bad wolf oh
i get to beat the big bad wolf i'm in
your huff and i'm a puff and you're
gonna blow your house down
what do i get to be a teacher you get to
be the insurance adjuster to files to
claim for the two blown down houses yes
what jeffy gets to be the big bad wolf
oh come on teacher jeffy couldn't blow
his own birthday candles out of his life
depending on it i am a professional
blower do you want me to come up there
and show you how good i am at blowing
settle down cody the role that you are
assigned is the role that you have to
play there will be plenty more school
plays in the future so go home study
your lines and be here tonight for the
prey make sure you invite your parents
what lines i'm a tree trees don't talk
did you stand there calm down cody at
least you didn't get cut from the play
junior that's not funny no one asked you
cody
that wasn't a joke that's just how he
says ask wait i said a joke oh all right
come to my house and study your lines
cody what lies guys this is so cool i
know right we're gonna be like real life
actors does this costume make me look
fat everything you wear makes you look
fat
guys this is bullcrap what's wrong cody
my script just says stand stage right i
don't even do anything what do you
expect the tree to do cody i didn't want
to be the tree i wanted to be the wolf
stop being a sap cody yeah learn to
branch out and play other characters ah
guys leave him alone see why can't i
just make tree puns like that then i'd
at least be saying something cause trees
don't talk cody look the only cool thing
about this tree costume is that it has a
spot for my junk look cody we have to go
over our lines we have to know this bite
tonight all right start at the top this
sucks our parents kicked us out of the
house threw us right in the mud mom
doesn't give an oink about us
what we want to make sure you're doing
your job right no i know how to stand
still it's not that hard all right guys
i think i know our lines let's go to the
play we didn't even go over the whole
thing oh my god cody do you not know
what you're supposed to do no i i know
what i have all you have to do is stand
there i wish i had an easy job like you
no junior i know what i have to do see
you're the root of the problem cody yeah
root of the problem like a tree
this is so dumb no it's not marvin we
need to be here to support jeffy it's
just a dumb elementary school play we
don't have to be here yes we do marvin
it's art hey my son's the tree yeah he
gonna be the best down tree out there i
guarantee it okay whoa this set looks so
cool yeah dude what what the hell is
this there's already a tree here what's
the point of me see this is how useless
i am i can be replaced by a piece of
paper calm down cody yeah you're
distracting us we're trying to go over
our lines all right kids the show starts
in one minute so don't rip me down uh
where am i supposed to stand you're a
tree cody you stand right there you
don't move jeez i hope i remember all of
my lines oh look my dad's here oh good
and my parents are here too i know my
dad's looking down on me from heaven or
up from hell oh okay the show's starting
get your line get your lines oh thank
god it's starting let's get this over
with
ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
stage the three little pigs
this sucks our parents kicked us out of
the house threw us right in the mud mom
doesn't give an oink about us so what do
we do now well we
we are pigs we are pigs don't have a
home don't have the home we gotta build
our own
[Music]
but where are you gonna get the supplies
to build a house did that tree just talk
he wasn't supposed to shut the hell up
cody i just wanted to say something but
trees don't talk i know
well guys we need to build us a house
sure do dude but what should we build
our house out of i think we should build
our house out of straw no dumb ass we
should build our house out of sticks
sticks someone say sticks i have sticks
i'm not going to go cody get back in
your spa i think we should build our
house out of bricks well we can't decide
on a material oh i have an idea we
should all build our own house that's a
good idea
okay we will all build our own house
just make sure you don't hog all the
materials
and done i just finished building my
house out of straw home sweet home rawr
i'm hungry for some piggy ah it's the
big bad wolf he's known for eating
biggies i'm gonna hide in my house i bet
there's some piggies in this house
there's some piggies in this house
there's some piggies in this house
hey
piggy let me in
not by the hairs of my chinny chin chin
well imma huff and puff and blow your
house down
no please don't do that please
you blew my house away why would you do
that it looks like i'm eating bacon
tonight well first you gotta catch me
that's not even what a wolf sounds like
oh man i love my new house made out of
sticks ah joseph i mean piggy brother
help what's that dude the big bad wolf
just blew down my house well i could
have told you that would happen you made
your house out of straw can i please
stay with you sure dude the big bad wolf
can't blow down my house it's made out
of sticks
i said the big bad wolf can't blow down
my house it's made out of sticks
come on dumb ass speak whose son is this
jeffy forgot his lines no he didn't
marvin he's just nervous you got this
jeffy my son doesn't forget his lines
your son doesn't have any lines jeffy
say your line jeffy you have a line to
say say it i have to pee piss your pants
say you're lying i'm hungry for some
piggy ah go inside the house there's
some piggies in this house there's some
piggies in this house
hey
piggy let me in
not by the hairs of us
and blow your house down
no please don't do that please
wait why would you do that looks like
i'm eating bacon at night
oh man i love my house made of bricks
what's wrong the big bad wolf blew our
houses down can we stay with you sure
the big bad wolf can't blow down my
house it's made of bricks she's a brick
house
anybody know that song
the big bad wolf can't blow down my
house it's made of bricks well call me
wrecking ball cause yap coming
down jeffy language
daddy you made it to my play daddy
i'm your big bad wolf that's real nice
jeffy just focus on the play you want to
hear what the big bad wolf sounds like
that's not what a wolf sounds like jeffy
please just say your lines jeffy say
your lunch okay i'm hungry for some
piggies
right outside the house there's some
piggies in this house there's some
piggies in this house
hey
piggies let
no you can't do that
why is he not working i told you he
couldn't blow down my house of bricks i
guess brick was the best material we're
saved the end wait that's how it ends oh
no i'm gonna get me to be
now that everyone's distracted it's my
time to shine
i'm
i'm an apple tree shut up cody all right
everyone that concludes tonight's show
everyone give it up for jeffy the big
mad wolves
and the three little pigs and the tree
all right thanks for coming
jeffy everyone so good he destroyed the
set my son rocked the hell out of that
tree yeah you saw how you shake them
leaves baby i did
guys we totally killed it out there yeah
we did we deserve a tony i don't know
who that is but yeah we did awesome yeah
we did cody shut up you did awful you
were supposed to be a tree and all you
did was move around and talk well i'm
not born to stand still i want to act i
want to feel you're supposed to be a
tree you're not supposed to act or feel
yeah you're a horrible tree dude i can't
wait for the next play yeah me either
yeah maybe i can be a chair or something
so somebody can at least sit on my face
cody why you in such a bad mood well i
had a whole musical number planned and
nobody ever let me get to it you want to
sing as the tree yeah do you want to
hear it
yes i sure yes i am full of apples and
there's seeds
and i grow my own leaves yes i do cause
i'm
an apple tree
kazoo solo
[Music]
ah
[Music]
ah
[Music]