can we please go see trailer park Danny
who's trailer park Danny he's a famous
country singer but you don't listen to
country music sure I do but I only
listen to trailer park Danny I don't
think we should waste our money on
trailer park tickets but Marvin please
he's coming into town with this sister
who's also his wife his sister his wife
that's disgusting no more
no March One music video you'll fall in
love with the sound of his voice
Jeffy I'm trying to watch this thing
stop it man man
[Music]
get in my truck we can go marinade
cause I'm a cousin wrecking cracker
pouring corn growing children
[Music]
come again see Marvin isn't he amazing
even the kitty cat liked him where'd
that cat come from he has the voice of
an Angel Marvin that's why I have to see
him in concert well how much are the
tickets 500 for the front row 500 please
Marvin no
oh you made mommy cry and now you're
going to the bad place
why'd you whisper hell because it's a
bad word you're not supposed to say [ __ ]
like that you just said the s word no I
didn't you're a liar and Liars go to
hell Jeffy shut up well Danny I can
become a country singer and then I can
sing for Mommy for free you don't have a
country voice Jeffy yes I do daddy watch
I voted for Trump build the wall where'd
that voice come from it's my country
voice Daddy and watch this Alabama
football team Roll Tide next episode 24
card Jeff gordon93 octane's best octane
Yeehaw what and the saddest day of my
life was when Dale Earnhardt crashed the
car into the wall and the car burst in
the flames and he died right there and
that was the saddest day of Nascar ever
and Nascar has never been the same since
but don't get me wrong Dale Earnhardt Jr
can drive a [ __ ] out of a race car and
don't even get me started on Hamburger
Helper I'll eat that [ __ ] up all right
Jeffy I guess you do have a good country
voice so if you go make a song maybe
she'll like it all right Danny I just
gotta call my cousin so I can make out
with her while watching Old Yeller
hey Daddy what you up to Jeffy what's
this ridiculous outfit well I just got
back from the stew cooking up some hot
beach so hot I could fry an egg on my
sister's ass yummy what yeah dang I made
a music video and a song well let me see
it all right here you go check it
this song goes out to my beautiful
sister we've been married for six years
I love you baby
I love my sister yes I do yeah I love my
sister cause she's prettier than you oh
I like NASCAR and drink your beer I like
mutting and shooting deer got two teeth
well come on here my truck's lit just
nothing to fear you like big trucks I'll
give you a ride Alabama football Roll
Tide oh Mama's cooking tastes so good
don't talk to me if you live in the hood
I love my sister yes I do
I love my sister she's my cousin too
Stephie turn that off what's wrong daddy
that song was very inappropriate well
that's what country singers sing about
the only thing I didn't mention was
losing my dog or my wife leaving me but
I'll sing about that in the next song
Jeffy do not release that song Too Late
daddy already did now every trailer park
princess from Mississippi to Alabama
will be wanting to lick my beanies and
suck my weenies shut up
who's that hello hey I'm big time record
label manager Steve stauberger is
Jeffrey here yeah he's upstairs oh you
must be his father your son's gonna be
huge I tell you huge really oh yeah let
me come inside and we'll talk business
okay come on in so here's Jeffy hey
there sonny you're ready to be a star
Piggly Wiggly I'll take that as a yes
wait wait hold on what's going on well
Jeffy released this new single and all
the country bumpkins are going crazy
over it so the record label wants to
offer him a 5 million dollar deal here's
the cash
what that's a lot of cash
wait wait hold on what does Jeffy have
to do for that money oh you know just
the usual still is likely miss his face
his voice pretty much sell his soul
Jeffy would you sell your soul for five
million dollars yes and just in case you
didn't hear me yes wait wait why does
the record label want Jeffy why are they
offering him so much money well the
record label wants to replace trailer
park Danny with someone new someone
younger someone sexier so the record
label wants to replace trailer park
Danny with Jeffy I hate trailer park
Danny because my wife loves him and I
want him gone yeah they sure do all he
has to do is say yes for the third time
yes yes we'll take the deal all right
take your money see you later Jeffy look
at all this cash
who's at the door hold on Daddy count
the cash make sure they didn't leave any
behind yeah
hello hi there is that Jeffy Feller live
here wait your trailer park Danny sure
am and this here's my beautiful sister
Charlene pleasure
that's really pretty uh yeah she's very
she's very think she's unattractive you
think my sister's ugly yeah no no she's
actually very hot okay okay well Hey
listen Mister we need to talk to that
Jeffy Fowler well he's upstairs so come
on in all right hey Jeffy trailer park
Danny wants to talk to you do you want
to see my cash I got a bone to pick with
you
well I got your bone right here tell me
that a record label calls me on my
telephone saying they gave all my money
to you because on the [ __ ] more like
piece of [ __ ] now I'm gonna lose
everything I'm gonna lose my damn
trailer my pig my boat and all my
sisters talking about leaving me I'd
never leave you brother you better not
cause I'll tell Mom don't you tell mama
oh I sure wouldn't she throw your ass
down in the whale well damn wait is she
really like your real sister hell yeah
we're fraternal twins we shared a womb
now we share a room we got married at
the family reunion hell yeah I'll tell
you what she was the prettiest girl
there for her I knew it I was proposing
you were at the county fair man was she
looking pretty sitting there bottom for
apples she had one on these two I have
more teeth back then then before I knew
it I was on one knee proposing and I'll
tell you what she said yes faster than a
Redwater pigs carving out a chili dog
hell yeah Roll Tide okay I think we're
getting off topic what are you wanting
from Jeffy I don't want half his damn
money no yeah he earned this money no he
didn't he wrote one country song I wrote
53 about sister licking okay listen
listen listen the record label said that
you're old news oh
news I'll show you old news you'll ruin
the day you met with trailer park dad
Jeffy come on sister let's get out of
here uh I gotta go to the bathroom all
right well just remember to watch back
to front always do I'll meet you in the
truck
uh
no she's not the bathroom's down there
he's hot no no listen the bathroom's
that way you should go use the bathroom
Dave do you think she'll date me but no
you should ask her would you date my son
sure
I don't know how to count you count the
cash I'm gonna go get some ass
oh my god well that is a lot of money
what the hell's taking Charlene so long
to even and pearl it imma go check on
her Charlene I checked the bathroom I
didn't see you in there you get lost
Charlene Charlene you in here
brother jumping you cheating on me rich
in Brad he ain't even family well he
looks like one of us well I'ma show you
I'ma go get famous again I'm gonna leave
your ass on the curb ah shoot your old
news I hope you're enjoying me and Daddy
sloppy thirds you won't ever leave me
will ya no promises but if I find
somebody else with one more tooth than
you then maybe deal all right now you
hop back on these beanies and weenies
four million 990 thousand five million
all five million dollars is there oh my
God we can buy whatever we want our
lives are gonna change forever
the news
[Music]
breaking news Okay trailer poor Danny
who is being called old news is now new
news because he just released a hit new
song featuring the new upcoming black
country singer BLT we will now play the
music video for you I'm really sad
my sister cheated on me I don't know why
she
would do this to me I wanted to come
back
and only love me but looks like she
doesn't love me oh hell no don't be sad
trailer park Danny there's more sisters
in the family tree that's right you
don't need that hoe it's time to let her
go go and date your cousin man she's a
tinfo show you got plenty other sisters
put them in a row my truck is stuck in
the mud could you give me a toe that's
right I don't need that hoe bro we're in
the road I got a sister with the big
dunking lip class of toad for getting
them yellow teeth want them while I cut
the commode I have so many cousins I
have a whole truckload yeah that's what
I'm talking about Danny you gotta keep
it in the family just cause she your
sister don't mean she don't miss you
well good thing we still have all this
money hey there enjoying all that money
yeah I sure am well you never really
signed anything so see ya hey you can't
just take our money what's going on how
dare you what's going on me and bfp are
on top of the world damn right then you
better tell them they just came in here
took all my money you mean my money I
bet you wish you took that deal now you
would have still had half now I'm gonna
get my sister back Jeffy I love you
brother what's up homie other brother
Isis what you doing here oh you ain't
hurting these I'm a superstar love me
brother you gotta go through BLT first
yeah you know what BLT stands for black
lettuce and tomato and I got a BBC for
you I don't know what a BBC sandwich is
but I know it'd be up to you come on see
it's curse darn it yeah come taste this
BBC with no condiments um daddy where my
money go the guy took it can you just
make another country song and we get
famous again well I don't know Danny
because I don't have a country voice
you've been doing it all day no I
haven't try it Jeffy all right I'll try
Baboo
[Music]