so guys what do you want to do today
watch Tik toks on our phone like we're
doing oh dude I love watching Tik toks
what Tik Tok are you watching Cody uh
funny dance videos let me see yeah show
me the dance video dude it's the least
gay show us Cody um what the hell is
that it's a guy working out it does not
look like he's working look like he's
jumping around bro why he got a bikini
on well he's what are you watching
Joseph I'm watching videos about
relationship advice relationship advice
what do you need that
for
LeBron me
with a roll oh you're watching LeBron
Jane compilations yeah duh that's my
goat well you guys watch dumb Tik toks
okay what do you watch Junior I watch
Food review videos really dude Chef PB
can't even cook why are you watching
Food review videos because Chef P makes
such bad food I like to watch people eat
actual good food look let me show you
all right guys this this man who reviews
food his name is Keith Lee you got to
watch it I'm in Louisville Kentucky and
my fans been telling me in my DMs to try
this place called
KFC I got it let's try it and rate it 1
through 10 I spent 4
$57 when I walked in I really had to
[ __ ] there was piss all over the toilet
seat but that did not stop me from
[ __ ] two out of chin the customer
service awful when I walked up to the
counter the lady asked me what the hell
do you want as if I walked into a
personal household or something 7 out of
10 first we're going to start off with
this chicken leg I want to warn you guys
I'm not a big fan of chicken I know it's
pretty shocking but I think this is
going to be pretty crunchy but let's try
it and
see when he makes that face it means he
he likes it h I thought it was a seizure
dude you see extremely comfy very
delicious relable this is busting 5 out
of 10 up next we're trying the mac and
cheese I want to warn you guys I am
lactose intolerant so uh I will have the
shits the bubble guts and everything in
between uh so I'm probably going to have
to [ __ ] on the pistol on 12 let see one
more time and the fat [ __ ] at the
counter did not give me a fork so I'm
going to have to eat this like Tarzan
with my hands God is
good very easy I'm enjoying it 9 out of
10
the fat [ __ ] that the cter did not give
me napkins so I'm over here looking
disgusting fat [ __ ] [ __ ] oh you fat
[ __ ] [ __ ] SL sorry about my Outburst
guys I'm just here with cheesy fingers
scratch that I did find napkins in the
bottom of the bag sorry fat [ __ ] for
calling you names up next I'll be trying
this lightning Mountain Dew I would like
to point out that I am allergic to
Mountain Dew and I probably will break
out in hives and my throat will close up
and I would die but I do this for you
guys God is good
[Music]
likes it I can
tell delectable 4 out of 10 my stomach
is rubbling so I will have to take a
[ __ ] on that pisted on toilet SE one
more time it's my review of KFC 6 out of
10 I'm in Louisville KY so what do you
guys think he just ate food yeah dude
it's a basic food review K you see at
that dude well I like to watch it's what
I like to watch well hey whatever floats
your boat Junior I hope nothing ever
happens to Tik Tok because it's my
favorite app ever the news
[Music]
breaking news the Supreme Court has
stated that they will Implement a Tik
Tok band from all us devices and app
stores if the parent company bite dance
does not sell Tik Tok to a US
Corporation by January 19th 2025 the
Supreme Court stated that it is
concerned for the National Security of
our country because China will
Infiltrate The us through funny cat
videos and stupid dances B Tik Tok oh
dude why does everything in my life have
to end first my relationship with my mom
Tik Tok oh yeah I read about this
apparently the US government's worried
about China using Tik Tok to spy on us
through our phones who cares if China
wants to spy on us they can spy all they
want I have nothing to hide yeah dude
they can have my social if they need it
dude I love this damn H yeah and don't
we owe China like trillions they can own
the whole country I just want to watch
Tik Tok yeah and if I do have a Chinese
spy he's seen a whole lot of Cody wiener
why would he see your wiener yeah dude
you're on Tik Tok why would your wiener
be out uh it wouldn't guys I was I was
joking think it was a joke dude oh God
guys there's no way that some Chinese
guy is watching me through my
phone see Cody look there's no way there
a Chinese guy watching me through my
phone yeah I guess you're right because
look my my phone screen is not even on
so the phone's not even activated you
can't even see through the camera yeah
hello is there any Chinese guy watching
me me how Ken hello egg rolls uh ningan
get in here what you wanton I think the
Americans are on to us spying on them
who giv [ __ ] they want their funny cat
video that's true but the American
government going to shut us down why the
[ __ ] they do that because they think we
stealing the information but we are I
know guys there's no way there's a
Chinese spy watching us on our phones
yeah you're right yeah can't be but the
news said that if American corporation
doesn't buy TiK ToK by January 19th it's
going to get banned yeah they did say
that dude why don't they get Jeff
Basil's Rich ass to buy it he has plenty
of money yeah buying Tik Tok would be
like buying a Subway sandwich for him
right why Subway because Subway is cheap
as hell oh I'm more of a jersey mics guy
myself I cannot stand Jersey mics they
put so much vinegar on the sandwich it's
so wet it's like eating a wet sponge oh
well you guys ever had Blimpies isn't
that when you get sucked off on the
toilet no Junior that's a blumkin I'm
talking about Blimpy oh that's the award
you win at the Kids Choice Awards oh no
no Junior I'm talking about like
sandwiches Blimpy God I hate when words
mean multiple different things I know I
get so confused but seriously guys it's
up to us to find someone to buy Tik Tok
up to us Junior we're kids we don't know
anybody with that kind of money and I'm
sure if somebody could buy it they would
I'm sure they're already working on it
no Cody it's almost a deadline it's
almost about to get banned if someone
was going to buy it they would have
already done it we have to find someone
to buy it today and I think I know the
perfect person who Keith Lee what Keith
Lee the guy who was eating food in his
car I don't think he has a billion
dollars probably not even a million but
he reviews food he if he says food is
good then everyone around the world will
go to that restaurant and give them all
their money it's happened millions of
times so if we can get Keith Lee to come
try shef peipi food and say it's good
then everyone around the world will come
to the our house buy Shey food we'll
make billions of dollars and then we can
buy Tik Tok okay Junior I have a number
of problems with what you just said go
ahead okay well first of all how you
going to get in touch with Keith Lee um
we could uh comment on his video next
next problem okay next problem he has to
eat Chef pee's food and Chef pee's food
sucks okay I was thinking we go to a
festar restaurant buy a festar meal give
it to Keith Lee and say that Chef peip
made it okay but then after he makes
that video we have to give that same
festar meal to everybody who shows up
and that's going to cost us money we're
not going to make any money okay you're
right we need to charge a billion per
meal but who the hell is going to pay a
billion dollars for a single meal Jeff
Bezos he's paying a billion dollar for
Subway sandwiches no he's not that's
just a thing you said a few minutes to
go oh well listen Jeff Bezos if he sees
a meal is worth a billion dollars he
might try it because he's a billionaire
maybe even Elon Musk listen we get Keith
Le to come over try she's food say oh my
God I'd pay billions to eat this then
Jeff basos will see it on his Tik Tok
and be like I want to try this he'll
send it to his billionaire fridge all
the billionaires in the world will come
to shipi we he'll buy the food and then
we'll make billions we can buy Tik Tok
all right Junior I have even more
problems you ready oh God your problems
what okay well first of all if we can
get Keith Lee to say that ridiculous
sentence then we have to hope Jeff Bezos
even sees the Tik Tok how is that going
to happen you have his email I'm sure
his email is on amazon.com so you have
to just email Jeff basos to Tik Tok and
hope he watches it okay listen it's wor
sitting here doing nothing is not going
to help Tik Tok Cody well I mean I can't
argue that I I guess you got me there
this is better than doing literally
nothing I guess okay so Keith Le said in
his video that fans message him all the
time to try restaurants so if we all
grab our phones and message Keith Le
over and over again saying come to chef
pe's kitchen come to Chef's Kitchen he
will come here and then we can give him
the five star meal and we can just pay
him to say the sentence I don't [ __ ]
know let's do it come on grab your
phones hurry up okay guys did you
message Keith Lee yeah I did yep I keep
spamming him dude oh my God guys he
replied no [ __ ] way dude what' he say
he said okay that means he's coming
tonight yeah dude that's confirmed he's
definitely coming guys he just said okay
that doesn't mean he's coming dude the
fact that he saw the message and replied
he's definitely on his way yeah he's
always in his car eating food so he's
driving right now we have to go get a
meal Okay so I'm going to go tell shfp
Cody um no Joseph get a five star meal
come on okay why couldn't I do it my go
CH done yes I knew I could do it that's
why they call me Chef PE Chef PE no not
right now Junior I'm getting my private
lessons from the Gordon Ramsey how can
you afford private cooking L from Gordon
Ramsey uh I I wanton it out of a
magazine or some [ __ ] like that I I
can't remember all that matters is he's
here right now well listen Keith Lee is
coming to review your food the Keith Lee
the guy that eats in his car yep that's
the one oh my God if he eats my food it
says that is good I could be rich I know
so this is the plan Joseph is getting
food from a festar restaurant and we're
going to tell Keith Lee you cook that
food so he'll actually think it's good
and then we'll become rich no no I want
them to actually eat my food I actually
C I'm getting private less from Gordon
Ramsey your food is never good I don't
care who helps you look this looks like
throw up he's not going to like this
stop disrespecting Gordon rbs's cookie I
practice it looks it looks good it does
not look good listen you have to use it
the food I'm trying to say Tik Tok What
what listen just go talk to oh my God
that's Kei at the door look go talk to
Joseph that the food that's on that
table you cook okay not this [ __ ]
the put on the table what the what all
right Joseph show me this five star Mill
I had to put my name on it's Denny's the
[ __ ] I'm not feeding Keith Le dennies I
got to put my name on this well it's
better than your usual cooking no my
cooking is good I just cooked in the
kitchen with Gordon Ramy sure you did
shfp look over there he's in the kitchen
look I don't see him he was just in the
kitchen I promise you look Junior saw it
too sure he was but look I can feed in
my food it was really good I promise the
stick is so delicious sorry Chef we're
going to have to feed him this well
forget it look I don't even care anymore
I'll serve him this [ __ ] okay but we
should all go hide because I heard Keith
Lee doesn't like to eat in front of
people that's why he always eats in his
car fine hello I finally made it to Chef
pe's house now I'm going rate my
experience 1 through 10 first off the
doorbell M made me feel warm inside
reminded me of my childhood uh 4 out of
10 hello Mr Keith Le nice to meet you
customer service is amazing creting me
at the door 7 out of 10 um Mr Keith Lee
uh we have a table specifically made for
you oh mm- no no show favoritism I do
not like that I want to be treated like
everybody else oh no no no no no no no
no no small business we're a small
business we don't have any uh people
here that's why we needed your help okay
I like small businesses got to show love
to the small businesses uh 99 follow me
this way
okay okay so this is a steak and a
breakfast sandwich I know what food
looks like don't worry about it let me
do my
thing all right some fans had
recommended a place called chef pe's
kitchen to me I got it let's try it and
R it for from 1 to 10 uh first off wait
what the hell is this uh that's a steak
and a breakfast sandwich mashed potatoes
and Fries hell of a combination uh two
out of 10 oh no no no no no listen we
really need a good review can you please
just say that this is like a billion
dollar meal I would not be bribed my
honesty is everything no no listen
listen but if it's good if it's 10 out
of 10 good will you please say that you
would pay a billion dollars for this if
it's good maybe sure
okay off first look uh kind of rubbery
uh I don't know if I trust
it made me thrw it up in my mouth a
little bit but I will still try
it can you hurry up and try it I will
try it impatience is on one out of 10 no
no no one out of
10 kind of
rubbery smells like dog poop
guys he didn't say the billion line but
I think he likes it Junior he's [ __ ]
dead oh no I killed Keith Lee no Denny's
killed Keith Lee Joseph how did you
order that steak uh rare God damn it
Joseph you know that a rare steak from
Denny's is the deadliest substance on
Earth look I was just trying to give him
a good ass steak I thought everybody eat
their sticks rare oh my god do you think
we're going billion dollar Cody no we're
not getting anything let's go back and
think of a new plan oh man well that
couldn't have gone any worse I mean I
knew it was a bad idea but I didn't
think it was going to go that wrong well
I guess we didn't really need Keith Lee
to make a video we could have just
recorded us saying the meal was worth a
billion and send it to Jeff Bezos yeah
yeah probably and then nobody would have
died yeah well let's turn on the news
and see if anyone bought Tik Tok where's
the remote it's up my ass Junior wa what
yeah you got to spank me to turn the TV
on go ahead Junior turn me on to turn
the TV on are you serious yep I'm
serious I only only because I want to
see what's on the news
o the remote isn't up my ass you silly
goober it's right here but thanks for
the spanking though a you got
me breaking news famous Tik tocker Keith
Lee has died while filming a Tik Tok
video any hopes of saving Tik Tok are
now lost well great no Tik Tok screwed
and it's all your fault Junior I was
just trying to help I guess the only
hope we have now is someone Rich tries
to buy it by the end of this weekend but
who yeah I don't know we don't know
anybody with money what do we do now you
should watch some Tik Tok who said that
I don't know it sounds like it came from
my phone but I guess I'm bored so I'll
watch some Tik toks Cody you should
watch some Tik Tok too I should watch
some Tik Tok too you should watch some
Tik Tok you know what I kind of want to
watch Tik Tok dude I love watching Tik
Tok TI Tok great
[Music]
St
[Music]