oh okay I stayed and he's not hanging
out of my nose I need you to grab it yo
Jeffy grab a tissue that's disgusting
I'll try biting it don't bite it Jeffy
that's gross don't lick it we have to
grab a tissue or something no Daddy I
need you to pull it hurry oh this is so
gross
hey oh thanks Daddy look Jerry that is
disgusting look you're annoying me today
what happened to your pencil oh I put it
right here Daddy so I could sneeze wait
it doesn't hurt your brain what brain
that's right you don't have a brain look
Jeffy you're annoying me I just wanna
have a relaxing day inside so go outside
and do something fun oh like go around
your neighborhood and take pictures of
the cats buttholes and make a collage
and put it on your refrigerator that's
disgusting Jeffy don't CBC count Buck
collage how about you go fishing in the
lake fishing yeah yeah look at this
here's a fishing pole Jeffy it's a
Spider-Man pole daddy why not
Spider-Man's pole you like it when he
shoots his web you think that's hot
Jeffy shut up just go outside and try to
catch something in the lake if you catch
something I'll give you a prize
what's your prize I don't know you have
to catch something in the lake first to
find out okay
he's never gonna catch anything in that
Lake there's no fish in it
our little fishies prepare to suck my
[Music]
mouth oh man I guess the fishies aren't
biting today oh what what is that oh
power I think I got something I'm gonna
rear you in you big bastard
[Applause]
what is that Daddy I caught something
foreign
ouch that sucks yeah I get stung by a
jellyfish one time I'm in so much pain
please help hey hey if I'm gonna listen
to your story you have to listen to mine
so I got stung by a jellyfish last
summer yeah I remember it just like it
was this summer but it was last summer I
was at the beach with my wife Karen she
was sunbathing and all the lifeguards
thought she was a beached whale so they
wanted to blow her up because that's
what they do to beach whales and I was
like no no that's not a beach whale
that's just my wife and I was making the
sand castle and oh it was the coolest
sand castle ever you should have seen it
and then out of nowhere this huge wave
comes and just wipes out my sand castle
so I'm like ass ocean so I run
into the water and I start throwing
Haymakers trying to teach that ocean a
lesson but then the problem is I can't
really swim too good and I get caught in
a rip current so I get sucked out to sea
and the Lifeguard sees me but he can't
swim either I mean what a terrible
lifeguard what kind of lifeguard can't
swim so I'm just out there drowning and
I think I'm gonna die so I'm looking for
any way I can to save myself and then I
see this jellyfish so I'm thinking oh I
can just grab onto this jellyfish and
ride them to shore so I grab onto the
jellyfish's tentacles and he starts
stinging the out of my hands so I'm
like ass jellyfish and I start
throwing Haymakers and every time I hit
the jellyfish he's just stinging me more
and more and I'm in so much pain I'm
getting stung by a jellyfish and I'm
still drowning I'm like five feet
underwater by this point and then and
then I see a scuba diver and he sees me
and he puts his oxygen mask on me so I
can breathe and he takes me back to
Shore and I thank him and as I'm walking
up the beach I step on a seashell and
I'm like ass seashell so I start
throwing Haymakers and then every time I
hit the I hit the sand it's just hurting
my hands more and more and I'm realizing
it's cause that jellyfish stung me so
then I go back into the ocean to find
that bitch-ass jellyfish and then I go
out there and the jellyfish pulls up in
a box Chevy with all his buddies and
they start kicking my ass and they're
stinging me all over the place and one
of them gave me a wet willy sting right
in the ear that hurt like hell so then I
get stung up and it's just a whole big
problem and then finally I'm done at the
beach and my wife won't even take me to
McDonald's afterwards so yeah that's why
I don't go to the beach anymore can you
please help me I'm in so much pain were
you even listening to my story yeah I
was whatever look I
know my my face hurts do I have to tell
you another jellyfish story because I
have one no no please please don't tell
me more don't worry it'll be quick so me
and my wife were scuba diving off the
coast of Australia right and then we
come up on this big dark scary trench
and my wife wants to go through the
trench but I want to go over the trench
because it's a scary trench I'm saying
there has to be monsters in there so we
decided to go over the trench and we see
this cute little jellyfish and my wife
names it squishy and she starts touching
it and I'm like don't touch it it's a
jellyfish and then next thing we know
there's all these jellyfish all around
us and then we're like surrounded by
jellyfish we're like a goddamn Forest of
jellyfish and I'm like oh no what are we
gonna do we're gonna get stung to death
by all these jellyfish but then we
realize we can get through the jellyfish
by bouncing on top of them so then we
start having like a jellyfish race to
see who can get through the jellyfish
Forest the fastest and I win obviously
and then I look back and I see my wife
and she's all tangled up in jellyfish
tentacles getting stung so I'm like oh
God I gotta go back and get her so I go
back and I'm getting stung by all the
jellyfish and I get stung so much I
black out and when I wake up I'm on the
back of a sea turtle and he calls me
jelly man because I took on the jellies
and he's like you were like whoa and I
was like whoa and I was like wait this
is this is Finding Nemo this didn't
happen to me this this happened in
fighting Nemo damn it I gotta stop doing
that Melissa I'm in a lot of pain I
don't have time for you to waste any
more time my face hurts I got stuck by
this jellyfish can you please help me
okay hold on let me get my phone so I
can Google what kind of jellyfish this
is all right let's look at this
jellyfish yeah what kind of jellyfish is
it oh my God no no no no no oh God
please no what what my wife is cooking
pot roast for dinner oh God that's so
gross it's all chewy and disgusting what
kind of jellyfish is this you know one
time my wife cooked pot roast and I
spent all day just chewing it just
chewing and chewing and chewing I'm like
why you gotta be so chewy you ass
pot roast so I started throwing
Haymakers can you please find out what
kind of jellyfish it is my face in so
much pain oh right yeah I guess I'll
just Google uh balls in jellyfish oh God
ew don't Google that oh why would you
even do that and look at that ew what's
he doing to that jellyfish oh I don't
know I'm a screenshot can we please find
out what kind of jellyfish it is you're
wasting so much time yeah you know what
I actually know somebody who knows a lot
about out jellyfish I'll just call my
buddy sponge Robert Square shirt hold on
let me find his number all right it's
ringing hello hey Robert it's me
Brooklyn guy oh hey Brooklyn guy
well nothing's funny but listen I got
this jellyfish here and I need you to
tell me what kind it is oh I love
jellyfishing me and Patrick go all the
time
I didn't ask that but look it's a blue
jellyfish that has balls in it have you
ever tried jellyfish jelly on a Krabby
Patty it's so yummy
yeah that does sound pretty yummy but
can we please stay on track it's a Blue
Jellyfish wait did you say a Blue
Jellyfish that's no name Mr Krabs is
gonna put in the factory if you don't
give him back okay you have been no help
at all I'm sorry about that man listen
you're a doctor for God's sake find out
what kind of jellyfish it is what if I
die oh oh you know what I bet we can
take a picture of it and then post that
picture on some kind of jellyfish form
and maybe somebody will recognize it oh
look somebody knows what it is what is
it it looks like it's the rare
freshwater Westheimer blue tang
accordion box jellyfish is it dangerous
well it says here it's the most venomous
jellyfish in the world venomous am I
gonna die uh five minutes after you get
stung it can cause brain hemorrhaging
and then your organs are gonna shut down
okay is there any way to stop is there a
way to stop it that's the only way to
stop it is you have to pee on the wound
pee on the wound no one is gonna pee on
my face I'll do it Daddy no no I'm not
gonna let anyone pee on my face I guess
you're gonna die then I mean okay fine
if anyone's gonna do it I want you to do
it you're a doctor me oh I would be
honored you hear that Mrs Stevenson my
third grade teacher I am somebody now
I'm gonna pee on a man's face well let's
let's just hurry up and get this over
with I just just do it okay what do you
want to do and I'm excited now uh We're
not gonna do on the couch oh yeah this
is too nice of a couch to save your life
on yeah we could just we could just do
it in the bathroom all right lead the
way piss face I'm not that yet soon to
be piss face uh listen is your pee at
least clean uh I mean I gotta warn you I
drink a lot of sodas and eat a lot of
asparagus so my peas gonna be stinky
okay I I don't I don't want to know that
you should have told me that like listen
let's just get this over with okay so
we're in the bathroom okay I guess let's
do it yeah just just just start just do
it just get over with um can I shave
first shave why you gotta shave well I
haven't shaved in a while and I feel
kind of gross down there I don't care
I'm not gonna be looking at it just just
be on my face okay but like I'm a
gorilla not a shower so can I get it
started a little bit no no I'm not gonna
be looking at that just just hurry up
save my life can you at least close your
eyes I don't want you looking at it I
would close my eyes but my eyes hurt too
bad to close them okay so how are we
gonna do this how about this how about
you start peeing on the back of my head
and now turn around really quick it goes
on my face you want me to pee on your
back and your face I'm gonna start
charging at this point I just went okay
with this okay I'll be down here by the
bathtub you start peeing and then you
just turn real quick and aiming at my
face hmm
I don't know I think I'm gonna get pee
all over your bathroom I don't care just
do it or or how about this I'll start
I'll start in the toilet uh I don't like
that I know you're in there okay how
about this how about this how about I
leave the bathroom then you get in the
toilet and then I come in and pretend
I'm just peeing like normal and then
I'll pee right on your face but I won't
look at you I'll just stare up here okay
okay I like that okay leave okay I'll do
it oh man I sure do have to pee
foreign
okay here I go
oh God no this isn't gonna work I
definitely can't do it now you look like
some kind of piss Goblin oh you're not
supposed to do it you weren't even
supposed to look yeah I know but I had
to lift the seat and you were just there
and it was creepy okay how are we gonna
do this like how about you just pee in a
cup and throw it on my face no I think
it has to be fresh out of my body does
it say that on the website I don't know
maybe I think so okay look okay we gotta
find a way to do this like
um what if I just laid on my back and
just I peed on myself I I don't I don't
think so I think it has to be somebody
else's pee why I don't know that just
makes sense to me okay listen um oh man
um you want to just do it in the shower
okay let's let's get in the shower okay
and then once when the shower will feel
better yeah okay we're in the shower
let's do this okay let's do it why do
you have your clothes off hold on I'm
not gonna have my clothes on in the
shower you're not getting wet well this
way it feels more normal like I'm just
peeing in the shower okay then just
hurry up and do it well maybe you should
take your clothes off too what no I
don't need to take my clothes off well
you're gonna get heal over them I don't
care I just want you to save my life
just hurry up and do it okay yeah
well why aren't you doing it I don't
have to go right now you don't have to
go you said you drink a lot of sodas I
do but for some reason I can't go oh
okay well what can I do to make you more
comfortable we gotta hurry up and do
this uh maybe if you pee your pants
that'll help why would me being my pants
help you pee because we're both peeing
then it's not weird what are you five we
both need to be at the same time
okay
three two one
I'm doing it I'm doing it well uh thank
you for saving my life it's your thing
anytime man you know I actually kind of
liked it I think I'm weirdly into it
Jeffy you're gonna get rid of this
jellyfish because I don't want it
stinging me because I don't want to get
peed on again I don't want to keep him
daddy you're not keeping this jellyfish
throw it back in the Lego I don't care
what you do with it just just get rid of
it just just put it somewhere I don't
care
in the bathroom you know this actually
kind of reminds me of this one time when
the SML question popped up and
[Music]
thank you
[Music]