uh Joseph I'm bored huh me too dude
so what do you want to do today oh I got
an idea okay
hmm I just boil it in your ear right you
don't have ears I suppose that someone
who does have ears yeah dude who has
ears who do we know that has ears Oh
elephant I don't know an elephant
besides Cody's mom
yeah PBS ears oh do ya he looks like an
elephant with those years okay dude
let's do it my chicken is nukkie with
dum dum garnish looks delicious
man I'm cookie like a five-star chef
today oh all right you might upload this
in his ear
[Music]
dad check if you're alive all right
Chevy said you're crying like a little
girl I called a doctor Julia do you I
think you need to call a doctor do you
not just hear me I just said I called a
doctor are you deaf or something
all right well I don't know the number
for 911 so I called a Chinese restaurant
they sent someone hello my name is dr.
Wong
what is wrong sherry the doctors here
can you fix my hearing manhood truck
watch and play that have crappy time all
right chef peepee we have to grab a
watch out of a toilet what did she say
what does a man who sneezes without
tissue takes matters in on hands okay
we're gonna need some tissues and a
watch out of a toilet man who walked
through airport turnstile sideways going
to Bangkok we have to go to Bangkok to
grab some tissues of a toilet oh he
needs hearing aids oh you're not gonna
like that last workshop I don't know how
to give you that all right thank you
ma'am okay all right chef he be show
from what I got from what she said is
there's a lot of stuff you need and I
don't know how to help
[Music]
maybe it's not so bad maybe it's not so
bad I'll come down P P come down baby
you won't have to worry about tool your
whining anymore yeah yeah that's that's
a good oh maybe you can enjoy the peace
of quiet yeah you don't like noises
anyway I'm hungry I want you to cook me
a five-star meal let's [ __ ] pizza
steak shrimp and if you don't cook it in
five minutes oh so make sure you get a
cookie hmm maybe it was a fly it should
be okay dude no he's crying saying he's
dead or something I'm trying to tell me
is alive but whatever oh so what do we
do now I feel kind of bad that I ruined
his life
oh don't feel bad douche a baby's life
was already rolling
true true you want to suck some helium
balloons oh you know it dude look at the
balloons
let's get the suck in don't say that
again Josh have you sound too excited
about that oh yeah I do sound like Cody
alright Jess I got the balloon you ready
to hit this oh yeah it sounds really
weird oh yeah that looks so good
Oh doesn't that look so good that's what
I said Chevy be God you can't hear me
sheppy B can I use my room silence is
the best yes the tables over there Julia
alright Joe said the dinner was ready oh
man dude chef peepee went all out
heinous burn oh you know I love crispy
food yeah I love the way chef he burns
the food is so tasty and delicious I
love it
well I don't think I can here so he
doesn't know how loud he's being oh did
you hear me
go through the kitchen and eat you're so
ugly Chevy being dumb I'm gonna listen
to you you're stupid what you should say
that you're gonna get grounded chef
peepee can't hear me talk he's deaf
don't you Tanya I know you heard me go
through the kitchen right now do you
understand me yes I understand you you
big ugly dumb dork okay so you shook
your head so I might think that that's a
yes yeah okay so I'll see you in the
kitchen yes you're ugly Oh Joseph I got
an idea what you can't hear hold on okay
dude what are you doing
[Applause]
how does musket oh dude what are these
steps in the glass Joseph he can't hear
us just shake your head no yeah we throw
our plate on the ground cuz your cooking
sucks
[Music]
[Applause]
you can't break anything he's a toy
sepi be so stupid ooh yeah remember he
can't hear anything we're saying let's
call a bunch of mean names Oh like the
names my mom used to call me yeah I
guess I know exactly what they call them
dead Oh junior you're so ugly grosser
than knowing and I know you can't hear
me but you're dumb yeah get out of here
cuz nobody likes you you're adopted wait
wait they don't know that I can actually
hear them oh this is going to be fun
imma like this wait what did you say
Julia you know I can't hear you well I
know you can't hear me but you're so
ugly and you need to shave that
disgusting mustache but even if you
shaved it off you'd still be ugly yeah
going scoop the cat litter with your
hands that'll be your dinner for the
night and also you know what I think you
should exist anymore just get off this
planet the world be better without you
because I love Lee you are Joseph you
know that's how mama makes your money
[Laughter]
what I mean what did you say Oh cuz you
know I can't chef peepee listen to me I
know you can't listen cuz you're dumb
but get it - you're dumb stupid ugly
head I hate you I don't like you no one
loves you you butt unit leave oh I do
yeah yeah I heard everything to you so
guess what going tell yo for you my name
is uh Steve
Oh Steve well ah Steve nice nose
I like it thank you that disguise from
whose jr. my name's Steve well Steve I
heard you call me Maids earlier sir I do
not know what you're talking about
I just got here my name's Steve Junior
your name is not Steve your name is true
here and you're wearing the disguise
thanks for holding my spot for me Steve
oh don't mention it
well what were you saying chef peepee I
mean I know you caught me mates earlier
no I mean I thought you were deaf I
didn't know you can hear me I was just
saying mean stuff cuz I thought it was
silly wait wait so you didn't mean it
well well I met a few things but you
know I didn't mean to go deaf I just
blew something you're here cuz I thought
it was funny you know I can't hear so to
be I don't have ears
hey fat boy you wanna find ya do you
wanna find ok you wanna find blood hey
fat boy
you wanna find alright you wanna fight
that's right
you wanna fight tonight hey fat boy you
wanna find out do you wanna fight