[Music]
officer guard get in here yes sir Gary I
was looking through your file and I
found some troubling news oh what's that
sir well it seems you never finished the
fifth grade oh yeah that well you see I
grew up in Brooklyn and then I moved
away and I went to a different school so
I just went right into sixth grade
instead of finishing fifth grade well
that's not good guy we can't have a
police officer that never finished fifth
grade sir what does it matter if I never
learned all my shapes or whatever guy
we're gonna need you to repeat the fifth
grade what are you kidding me this is
ridiculous this is like the plot of an
Adam Sandler movie or something Gary all
right you go back to the fifth grade are
you turning your badge okay final do it
stupid hey Karen boy yeah I'm early from
work yeah the chief says I can't be a
cop anymore until I finish the fifth
grade you're gonna finish the fifth
grade no
incredible I don't know Karen I don't
understand it either okay I just have to
go for one day to show them how smart I
am oh boy Penelope's not gonna like this
I'll talk to her Penelope get in here
what do you want Dad well Penelope your
daddy never finished fifth grade so I'm
gonna be going to school with you
tomorrow but look it's gonna be fun
we're gonna be like best friends we'll
hold hands and and I'll protect you from
all the bullies
ever happened to me huh well I'm not
worried she'll love it by tomorrow oh my
God I can't believe you're coming to
school with me this is so embarrassing I
don't like it either Penelope okay but
it's only for one day I just have to go
for long enough to prove that I'm
smarter than a fifth grader without
having to meet Jeff Foxworthy just don't
acknowledge me okay okay but I don't
know why you're so embarrassed of me you
know your dad was actually pretty cool
when he was in school I'll have you know
I could flick my boogers farther than
anyone else in the class
and guess what I was the first one in my
friend group to get his first kiss I
mean it was with a dude and it was on a
dare but he was a pretty good looking
dude you know I pulled hoes I mean they
were guy hoes though I still felt cool
oh the buses here just don't talk to me
and don't sit next to me Penelope
Penelope I don't see why I can't sit
next to you I'm your father oh you must
want to say bye to your daughter oh no
I'm actually going to school is that
legal it's court ordered actually all
right well then go sit out really I
guess anybody can get on the bus
I don't have anywhere else to sit
Penelope have any friends besides this
is like bonding time no it's not okay
who's the [ __ ] you want to go with uh
I mean never mind young king uh wakanda
forever what
what look it's my first day and I don't
want any trouble okay um oh you know
what uh hey would you like my lunch
money oh cool yeah there you go bro dog
see I'm already making friends what are
we gonna do gonna eat for lunch now we
can eat when we get home
[Music]
shut up Dad hey guys
oh yeah we'll check this out
dad ew you're lucky I don't have a book
right be flicking up a storm
damn what are you doing but I don't have
a seat Penelope no you can't sit here go
sit there I don't want to sit by myself
or get lonely just go hey homeboy can I
sit with you what nothing we're all good
brother uh okay well this brings me back
ooh a pencil but don't play with your
pencil don't play with your pencil no
but it's so cool it's like a spaceship
oh it's like a lightsaber no no no Take
that Darth Vader
all right cross before we get started
today we have a new student would you
like to come up here and introduce
yourself you know I'm a baseball player
in the world series
just hit that [ __ ] out of the park home
run and The Crowd Goes Wild dad the
teacher's calling you come up there hold
on Penelope I gotta hit one more home
run and I win the World Series oh excuse
me the guy playing with his pencil stop
playing with your pencil come up here
what if it's this long I mean not very
thick but it's a pretty good size
although it's too pointy uh me uh oh
yeah
I'm a Brooklyn tea guy No Cap facts you
know and I know what you're thinking you
look like you're too old to be here well
well I am because you see I never
graduated elementary school so they're
making me do it again so you know stay
in school kids you know keep keep off
that Tick Tock because I know you guys
like Tick Tock right you seen that kid
that does this he's got like the
backpack and he flosses you guys have
seen that right well maybe you know this
one Charlie bit my finger
ouch Charlie you you remember that I
wonder what they are doing anyway on
Penelope's dad but uh she doesn't want
you to know that because she's she's
embarrassed you know because she came
out in a nut sack [ __ ] slaps my legs
when I walk I'm talking talking free
balling anyway don't make fun of
Penelope too much he just started her
period you know that's that's when you
bleed out of your Gooch I'm really glad
this guys don't have to worry about that
the closest we have is when we eat too
much Taco Bell on our butthole bleeds am
I right well anyway uh I'm a cop so uh
but not right now you know so if
anybody's got that married Jane hit a
brother up you know that that Devil's
lettuce that jazz cabbage homeboy in the
back knows what I'm talking about all
right that's enough from you
Google okay so Penelope how'd I do I
hate my
life are you teenage girls and your
emotions just wait till you grow up and
have real problems hey Penelope I heard
you just started your period
okay no you're not it's only gonna bleed
out for a few days every month for the
rest of your life hey do you want to be
friends oh you're Penelope's dad right
yeah I'll be your friend if you give me
brownie points to smash your daughter
one day hmm you know it took balls to
say that to me I like you hey you want a
lightsaber fight of course I want a
lightsaber [ __ ] come on
I can't believe this is my life all
right cross we have a spouting test
today so everyone get on a piece of
paper and I'm gonna read off random
words and you have to spell them oh
shoot hey Penelope can I borrow some
paper you brought backpack to school but
no paper there's nothing in the backpack
I just brought it because it looked cool
I got it from smlmerch.com Link in the
description uh fine thank you
okay teach I'm ready for this spelling
test what's the first word gonna be cat
dog something like that the first word
you gotta spell is possum well that's
easy possum p-o-s-s-u-m duh hey Penelope
you spell it right turn around dad stop
looking at my paper with Penelope what
the hell are you doing what'd you
started with an O that's how you spell
possum no it's not Penelope is your
brain okay it started
it's pronounced possum nut a possum it's
not a French possum Penelope stupid all
right cross the next word you're gonna
spell is pterodactyl this is easy did
you spell this one right Penelope yes
Dad what Penelope are you having a
stroke or something pterodactyl does not
start with a P possum starts with a p
and pterodactyl starts with a T the p is
silent why would they do that Penelope
why would they have a secret Pete what's
the secret about you're gonna fail this
test no you're gonna fail this test and
then I'm gonna have to ground you you're
the worst learn to spell all right cross
the next word you're gonna spell is
pneumonia I know how to spell pneumonia
I'm a doctor hey Penelope did you get
this one right yes Darren Jesus Penelope
what is with you on all these Peas the p
is someone pneumonia does not start with
a P I know this I'm a doctor I don't see
how it starts with an N it starts with a
p no it doesn't class no talking why are
you taking the test or you fail no no
teacher I have a question okay what have
you been teaching my daughter because
she thinks possum starts with an O
pterodactyl starts with a p and
pneumonia also starts with a P what is
this because that's the correct way you
spell those words really no no no no I I
have to check this out hold on let me
just Google it real quick what oh no
[ __ ] huh well I guess I'm wrong look I
haven't had to spell things in a long
time okay well thank you for giving
everyone the answers anyway cross we'll
try another spelling test tomorrow now
what we're gonna do is a science
experiment get going dad now we have to
take another test tomorrow yeah well I I
knew those were the answers the whole
time
yes I did I was just trying to let
everybody know you know just just help a
brother out right right dog you know you
know what I'm talking about hey why are
we making him sit in the back oh that's
that's messed up there needs to be some
changes around here I got your back bro
all right cross for today's science
experiment I'm going to show you the
chemical reaction between vinegar and
baking soda in this bottle I have
vinegar and in this balloon I have
baking soda when I lift the balloon up
the baking soda will drop into the
vinegar causing a chemical reaction and
the gas will inflate the balloon allow
me to demonstrate
whoa that's so cool I want to do it I
want to do it I can do that with my
butthole huh that's pretty neat hey
Penelope you want to be my partner nope
I'm good we're going to be partners all
right cross now I'm gonna come around
and give you the tool so you can
recreate this experiment all right Cody
flip it flip it flip it okay here we go
oh look how big it's Kitty oh that's hot
I I am aroused oh boy okay Jeffy flip it
this shit's about to be crazy
[Applause]
oh this looks so cool come on Penelope
flip ours okay oh this is gonna be great
here it goes let's do it look no it's
not okay what is happening what come on
man nothing happened
dumb why are we even doing this this is
stupid why are we going through all this
trouble we could just blow it up with
our mouths because we have lungs for a
reason that's not the point dad I don't
care if it's the point this is stupid
teacher this is stupid if something went
wrong with your experiment it's because
you didn't follow directions what didn't
follow directions what are you talking
about she lifted up the balloon the
little chick fell in the bottle and
nothing happened come on man all right
cross the next thing we're gonna do is
math so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
hold up a math card and whoever shouts
out the correct answer first will get
one Skittle now let's get started yes
something I'm finally good at I'm good
at math hey Penelope my mouth is about
to be full of Skittles all right first
question nine minus six correct
catch
well that's good what the hell I didn't
know we could just shout it out I
thought we were raising hands okay I got
the next one all right next question
nine plus eleven George Bush Twin Towers
inside God guys shut up the Pentagon is
the most surveillance building in the
world you're telling me I only got seven
frames but blow your object hitting it
that's not the answer to the math
problem the gas station next door got
the surveillance footage taken by the
FBI 18 20 to 20. that is correct
Penelope
all right the next question is nine plus
twelve twenty one but I said it first no
I said it first no I said it first I
said it first I said it first good job
Penelope
ah um no no no no no I clearly said it
first shut up Dad no this teacher is
discriminating against us me and my boy
back there yeah he hasn't given either
one of us a skill I think it's a skin
problem stop getting the math problems
right you'll get a skill no no no no no
I'm done with this I'm about to come up
there and take the whole damn bag of
Skittles I'd like to see you try Okay
bet I'm about to throw Haymakers yo dog
you're gonna back me up what let's get
him come on what's good dog you want to
go come on I bet you won't do anything
come on do something
wow the DJ hit me right in the eye you
guys see the teacher hit me
hey Penelope your dad's crying in front
of the whole class this is the most
embarrassing day of my life
well guy looks like you found a loophole
we agreed to drop the charges on the
teacher if he would pass you from the
fifth grade so congratulations you
passed the fifth grade yes that's right
I'm a man even though my eye hurts but
looking back over your file I saw that
you never graduated kindergarten either
oh [ __ ]
[Music]