hey Daddy hey Daddy hey
Daddy what do you want Jeffy I'm bored
well go do your chores chores can lick
my butt well go to bed go to bed can
lick my butt if you say lick my butt one
more time you're grounded getting
grounded
can lick my honey hole also known as my
butt Jeffy go do your chores what do you
want me to do go mop what is go
mop that's a mop Jeffy what am I
supposed to do with that it looks like a
witch's broom you get this white part
wet then you grab the stick and you
morvin you're not explaining it really
well Jeffy you take the mop and you dunk
it in a bucket filled with soap and
water and you clean the floors with that
I don't understand this game it's not a
game Jeffy it's chores and it's cleaning
so go do it well how do I get points you
don't get points you just do it so look
take it and go mop all right I'll try so
look it's going to take him a couple
days to figure it out and then we'll
have a lot of peace and quiet and we can
watch
movies what the fu what the are you
doing I'm
moing
do call me a darkar be you are darkar be
who the to mop a couch you didn't
explain the rules there are no rules but
you said get
up Marin but go to bed Jeffy I can't go
to bed yet without a bedtime story you
want a bedtime story what upon a time
there was this kid born with half a
brain named Jeffy he everything up
you're talking about me
Marvin go tell him a real bedtime story
I did
Marvin look at
this hey Jeffy I'm sorry Daddy my brain
tells me to listen but sometimes I don't
want to I don't think you want to ever
Jeffy I think you do that on purpose
tell me a bedtime story okay you want to
hear a bedtime story yeah but don't make
it scary because scary stories give me
the runs and I [ __ ] the bed and throw up
and piss and cry you do that every night
without a bedtime story Jeffy yep all
right so let me tell you a bedtime story
and I'll make sure it's not scary for
you so you can sleep good so once upon a
time there was this cereal killer did he
eat fro Loops no he killed a bunch of
people and his name was the window knock
murderer the window knock murderer yeah
because he would go to people's houses
and knock on their Windows why wouldn't
he knock on the front door be because he
he did he did the windows I I I don't
know he just he just knocked on window
and when people would hear a knocking
sound coming from their Windows they'd
go check it out what was it it was
[ __ ] him and they would open their
window why would they open the window
for a stranger they didn't even know who
he is be because he looked like a nice
guy and he would ask to use their cell
phone and they would say hold on let me
go get it you're you're screaming at
parts that's not even so when they would
go to grab their cell phone the guy
would come into their room
not going to scream at that okay so they
would come back with their cell
phone and then the window knock murderer
he would he would murder them and then
he'd leave out the window and then he'd
close the window and then he'd get in
his car and then he'd drive away and
then he' I mean after that I don't
really know what he did but no one ever
caught him because he never left any
evidence because he would willingly be
let in through the window so he'd leave
through the window and there was no
breaking entering well how do you know
about the story well be because there
was a Survivor That Got Away and told
everyone what the guy tried to do to
them and then then the cops started
putting together that there may be this
guy out there that did this and so if
you ever hear a knock at your window
it's probably the window knock murderer
oh I have to [ __ ] were you're not
listening to good night
Jeffy all right Marvin I tried dry it up
as much as I could did you tell Jeffy
his bedtime story yeah I told him a
scary story so he'd have trouble
sleeping Marvin why would you do that to
get payback for what he did on the couch
but now he's going to have nightmares
I'm going to have nightmares for what he
did to the couch making it all wet with
the moop Marvin that's just mean listen
I need your help making a joke on Jeffy
what yeah I need you to I'm going to
pull a prank on him so I need you to
come hold the ladder what yeah just come
with me look it's going to be really
funny jeffy's going to think it's funny
come come here oh it's going to be so
funny Marvin what are you doing what is
this I'm going to climb up the ladder
I'm going to knock on jeffy's window to
scare him Marvin that's mean it's not
mean it's a prank and he's going to
laugh when he realizes it's a joke I
don't think he's going to laugh I think
he's going to be scared he's going to be
scared until he realize it's a prank
look just hold the ladder so I don't
fall fine Jeffy the window knock
murderer
here what was
that someone's knocking at my window
what was the name of that guy that my
daddy told me a story about the window
not m
daddy the window knock murderer is
knocking on my window Jeffy with someone
what the [ __ ] are you doing I'm doing my
Cho or the window knock murderer does it
get me he doesn't exist well did you
tell me who was knocking on my window
Jeffy it was Marvin nope it was the real
window knock murderer he's going to kill
you for doing this stupid [ __ ] well good
because I already called the cops what
he called the cops stop
that hey there somebody call the cops
whoa what happened here did the couch
mopping Bandit Rob you guys the couch
mopping Bandit yeah you know he breaks
into your house wielding a mop and he
mops your couch and once your couch is
all wet he robs you is that what
happened here no shitthead over there
that's me decided to mop the couch twice
oh well that's silly so who called the
cops I did because the window knock
murderer was at my window knocking
officer just don't listen to him it's a
made the window knock murderer strikes
again huh we've been looking for that
bastard for years the window knock
murderer is not real well yes he is
haven't you heard of him he knocks on
people's windows asks for a phone and
then he comes in kills somebody and then
he leaves closes the window and leaves
without a trace I I made that story up
well no he's a real guy but he usually
kills people in Seattle it's weird that
he'd be in Florida and he even announced
his name at the window yeah he does
usually announce his presence well I
would just not not waste your time with
this St no no no we take all window
knock murderer sightings very seriously
so I'm going to look around for some
Clues Jeffy can you show me the window
you heard the knock at yeah right this
way Marvin you need to tell them the
truth no I'm In Too Deep listen the
cop's not going to find anything and
he's going to leave Just sh all right
Officer this is the window
[Applause]
H can you stop I'm sorry it's just such
a fun noise and I have ADHD but that
doesn't really help me I guess I could
try to get some fingerprints off the
window but if you were knocking you
wouldn't have any fingerprints it would
just be knuckle prints and you can't
really get a knuckle print unless you
check my ex-wife's vag then you could
get a whole fist print yeah guys just
like to punch it as hard as they can I
it's like one of those arcade machines
but you don't even have to pay for this
one because it's free I don't even know
what she gets out of it just it's like a
speed bag
just yeah anyway enough about how much
of a [ __ ] my ex-wife is I should
probably look for some evidence but it's
kind of hard with these blinds down and
I'm not even going to try to lift them
up cuz when I do it doesn't work I just
pull the cord and then one side goes up
and the other side doesn't go up so I
have to put it back down and then I got
to try again and then it doesn't even
stay there so I'm not even going to
embarrass myself that way um I guess I
could go outside and look for footprints
on the roof well well well Marvin what
do we have here listen I can explain the
latter flowers but not just any flowers
Marvin schlumbergera truna otherwise
known as the false Christmas cactus it's
a species of plant in the family CA
Decay that's endemic to a small area of
coastal mountains in southern Brazil
where its natural habitats are
subtropical or tropical moist forests
but I'm sure you already knew that
because it's in your front yard I
actually did not know that well then
maybe you should pay more attention to
what's in your front yard Marvin like
that ladder for for example what a
ladder Marin is this ladder always here
no I've never seen this ladder in my
entire life well that means the window
knock murderer finally made a mistake I
could probably get some fingerprints off
this ladder well what if he didn't use
his hands to climb it well it'd be
really [ __ ] impressive if he just
walked his ass up this ladder without
his hands Marvin not to mention
dangerous and he'd have to be a pretty
cocky [ __ ] to be like these
hands aren't for climbing they're just
for knocking and killing and how do you
even get down Marvin did you just jump
down like a superhero no maybe maybe he
walked down and like stairs Marvin
that's [ __ ] and you know it listen I
don't want to get fingerprints off the
ladder because it's my ladder and I
climbed and I knocked on the window a
confession Marvin when's the last time
you were in Seattle listen I'm not the
window knock murder I made up the entire
story to try to scare Jeffy and I put
the ladder here I went up there I
knocked on the window to scare him and
it just happened it's a real story
Marvin that's impossible there's no
where you made up a story that just so
happened to be real it actually happened
that way I promise yeah yeah tell it to
the judge you're under arrest but my my
handcuffs are upstairs we're going to
have to go back up there come on all
right Marvin tell your wife what you did
what did you do I'm getting arrested for
climbing up that ladder and knocking on
jeffy's window oh I already knew he did
that I saw him do it an accomplice
you're under arrest too wait that's not
my fault I tried to stop him yeah yeah
yeah you can also tell it to the judge
man two arrests in one night looks like
someone's getting a gold sticker and
it's going to be me and I can also add
slumberger truncata to my flower bingo
card so that's fun so let's go to the
cop car wait wait wait do you guys hear
that that that sounds like knocking on a
window but Marvin if you're here that
means who's knocking at the window well
we have to go see who it is to the
window to the wall to the wall to the
drop down my balls oh SK SK [ __ ]
but no really we should check the window
I'm pretty scared all right let's find
out who the window knock murderer really
is oh hate these [ __ ] things God damn
it got the wrong side got to pull it
back down and we can try again with damn
it it's just one side how do I pull the
pull the thing oh thank you that's very
helpful I hadn't thought of that no but
like pull the like the other way what do
you mean the other way pulling it the
only way I know how to pull it it's
[ __ ] doesn't God damn it it just
keeps getting he's still knocking I I
know I we'll be there in a second I'm
sorry I'm just I'm no good at this [ __ ]
it's this is pull really hard okay okay
got a little bit
there [ __ ] going
anymore okay you know what [ __ ] it [ __ ]
it I don't care I don't care who the
window knock murderer is I don't give a
[ __ ]
[Music]
see
[Music]