hey Joseph you want to watch the new
episode of Dr fle [ __ ] heck yeah dude
hey guys I just got a job at Red Lobster
as a sign holder shut up Cody we're
trying to watch new episode of Dr fle
shits oh I guess we're not doing this
idea today hello I am Dr Fredick finle
shits and today I will tell you how the
aliens build the pyramids now originally
everybody thought that the pyramids were
built by the Egyptians but no this is a
loot of kaka and I will tell you why you
see there are 2.3 million Stones inside
the Great Pyramid of Giza and each Stone
weighs between 2 and 80 tons now that
means they had to place 212 Stones a day
for 30 years with no breaks now how is
this possible How could a human lift a
stone that is heavier than an elephant
now a scientist would tell you they use
cranes hm interesting well let's take a
look this is a crane do you really think
that this stupid bird could lift 80 tons
with these little toothpick legs I don't
think so and how would you even tell it
to do that look at his stupid bird eyes
you can't tell him what to do he's a
bird he's stupid stupid no that is
impossible I will tell you how they did
it aliens that is how the aliens came
down in their UFOs
like and they picked up the stones and
they placed the stones on top of the
pyramid just like this and they built
the Pyramid at exactly
29.9792458 de North which just so
happens to be the exact same number as
the speed of light which is
299,792,458
m/ second which is the secret to time
travel the aliens were trying to teach
us how to travel through time and if
they would just let me inside the Tomb
of the pyramid to talk to King's Mommy I
could figure out time travel but no Dr
fingles shits you're not allowed in
there anymore you kiss the mummies too
much wa I never knew aliens built the
pyramids I know dude I thought slays did
no Joseph slavery only happened in
America oh yeah you're right you're
right guys aliens did not build the
pyramids yes they did Cody Dr fleit just
explained it well he's wrong he's a c
okay Cody then how did a human lift up a
stone that weighed 2 tons they used
ramps Cody you're telling me that you
skateboard ramps Tony Hawk wasn't
invented until like 40 years ago what
invented don't you mean born Tony Hawk's
a real person yes what really oh man he
fled us all along I thought he was a
video game character but no he's a real
person he can really do a 360 ver MC
twist yeah in real life yeah that's why
they made video games about him well if
the Egyptians had Tony Hawk and his
ramps then they probably did build the
Pyramid well he wasn't around back then
then it had to be aliens but no it was
hundreds of thousands of Egyptians all
working together slavery wait Cody why
are you wearing a lobster costume I
thought we were going to do SML movie
Cody gets a job at Red Lobster today no
that's next week oh well I'll just take
this off then I look like a crawfish
anyway okay I'm back now where were we
oh yeah the aliens did not build the
pyramids and neither did Tony Hawk Cody
then how did the Egyptians build the
pyramids they had no technology no tools
all they had was sand well they also had
30 years Junior okay Cody I'll give you
30 years to build a pyramid go well I
didn't say I could do it well no all
they had was sand you have all the
technology in the world Cody go well
they also had hundreds of thousands of
Egyptians so if I clone you a 100,000
times you could build a pyramid well I
wouldn't know how okay I'll even give
you Tony Hawk Pro Skater 4 for the
PlayStation 2 there's your ramp oh [ __ ]
that's one with the zoo level oh and you
can play as Django Fett okay deal I mean
you're not going to get a pyramid but
I'm going to have a good time wait why
are we even arguing about this why don't
we just ask God who built the pyramids
oh yeah we do know God hey God can you
come down here hey guys what's up oh hey
God hey sorry I just got out of the
shower wait there's showers in heaven
yeah well I mean there's one in my house
and believe it or not the hot water
still runs out I mean the pipes run all
the way down from hell and you know how
people say when hell freeze is over well
apparently it does cuz my water gets
pretty cold but whenever that happens I
just hold my mouth up to the shower head
and turn the water into wine it's 5:00
somewhere right well me and my friends
were arguing because we want to know who
built the pyramids I think it was aliens
but Cody thinks it was the Egyptians and
Tony Hawk I never said Tony Hawk well
actually Tony Hawk's not a bad guess
this one time I teleported Tony Hawk
back to Egypt time so he could
skateboard down the side of the pyramid
it was pretty sick but no Egyptians and
aliens and Tony Hawk did not build the
pyramids then who built the pyramids I
nobody's recording us right no okay well
I've never told anybody this but here's
what happened so I was sitting on my
couch and I was bored I was just playing
Tetris on my phone I actually had the
iPhone way before anyone else did cuz
you know I'm God so I looked over at
Earth and said hm getting kind of boring
over there so I walked over to the Earth
and I changed the settings to creative
mode and then I went down to Egypt cuz
it was mostly just flat and Sandy and I
started placing blocks and building
pyramids kind of just screwing around
honestly and then I went over to
Stonehenge too and I built that and kind
of just stacking stuff you know and then
I went to the snowy area right and then
I built a bunch of blocks as high as I
could go until I reached the height
limit and I called it Fort God but then
you people called it Mount Everest which
is kind of lame if you ask me I like my
name a lot better and then I went and
killed the Ender Dragon so that was fun
and then the Mayans hopped on my server
and they started building pyramids and
[ __ ] in Mexico and I was like guys
you're totally taking my idea so I was
so mad I punched the Earth as hard as I
could and I created the Grand Canyon so
I turned it back to survival mode and
flooded the Earth but not before I told
this one villager named Noah to make a
boat and I told him to put two of every
animal on it cuz I really did not feel
like making all those animals again and
I gave him creative mode powers to build
the boat obviously and then I just went
back to my couch whoa well can you turn
the Earth back to creative mode so we
can build something yeah no no no no no
no way absolutely not the Mayans ruined
that for everyone so you can thank them
thank you Mayans anyway I got to go I
got to go convince Tom Brady to come
back but it's going to take a miracle
I'm going to have to part the seas or
some [ __ ] I'll just walk from here
dude I recorded the whole thing Joseph
you weren't supposed to record it yeah
God said not to dude it's a one in a
billion opportunity and I'm going to get
rich off of it I'm going to sell this to
the news no no
Joseph do you really think he's going to
sell to the news Junior look the
[Music]
news breaking news M there is shocking
video evidence of God admitting to
flooding the Earth just because he was
bored there are currently riots
happening all all around the world oh
wow he actually did it do you think
God's going to be mad look guys all this
Buu cash I just got I got $20,000 off
that God video they only gave you
$20,000 for the only video evidence that
God's real I mean I kind of bargain with
them hey oh god oh no God damn that's
right me damn you weren't supposed to
record me look I was broke God I needed
some cash break bread with a [ __ ] well
what are you going to do with all that
cash when the world is
flooded that sounded bad do you think
he's actually going to flood earth oh no
Junior what's
happening oh no
Junior wait guys what happened Junior
God flooded the entire Earth and it's
Joseph's fault dude I just wanted some
money God yeah well what good is that
money if the whole world is flooded help
help Junior no one's coming to help the
whole world is flooded help kids kids
thank God you have this floating couch
do you know what
happened well God flooded the entire
world because our friend leaked a video
of God without his permission it's not
my fault it's all God's fault dude why
don't you just apologize yeah say you're
sorry to God I'm not apologizing just
say sorry this wave coming I'm sorry God
wait I think everything's back to normal
I think the world's not flooded anymore
wait kids can you explain what happened
again now that's why you don't mess with
the wrath of God next time you're
getting a meteor I've started over once
and I'll do it again what do you think
happened to the dinosaurs that's why you
don't cheat at Connect 4 wait wait so
you're telling me God flooded the entire
Earth cuz he was mad at your friend well
you do know you killed like millions of
people right yeah yeah and I think you
took my money too my $20,000 it's in the
water yeah and that's theft so I I think
I have to arrest you what yeah yeah I I
think you're under arrest put your hands
behind your back we're going to court
order order order order order I am the
honorable Judge Pac and today we will be
hearing the case of God versus Earth as
you can see our old courtroom got
flooded so I had to set up this crappy
one which is extra annoying because the
old one was made of wood so water damage
is going to be a [ __ ] I mean termites
out the ass and the floorboards are
going to be all squishy oh and my gavel
got wet so I have to use an actual
Mallet now yeah so oh also my 1967
Volkswagen Beetle was total and that was
all original parts so I don't know how
insurance is going to cover that [ __ ]
anyway God what was your plan what was
God's plan are we chalking this up to
mysterious ways a lot well your honor a
video of me was sold to the news without
my permission and that video was
supposed to remain private I mean he
never told me specifically not to record
I specifically asked if anyone was
recording and they said no there was
nobody recording at the time order order
order order it doesn't matter if he
recorded the video or not it doesn't
give you the right to flood the Earth
and kill what do the body count now 3
billion people I didn't know that many
people didn't know how to swim for 30
seconds Counterpoint I'm God so I can do
whatever I want H yes I guess that is
true you you could just turn me into a
toad or pillar of salt or paprika or
something there's really nothing keeping
you here how about we just say it was an
act of God and we can call it square is
that good well you see the first time
you flooded the Earth America wasn't
like a thing so there were no laws
against it but now there are and mass
murder is very illegal so I sentence you
to three billion life
sentences all right I'm tired of playing
with you guys I'm going home beff stop
him he's God what do you want me to do
even if we put him in Chains he could
still get away oh well I guess I must
repent then sorry God for trying to put
you in jail my bad hey what about my
$20,000 well guys today was weird dude I
lost $20,000 you were never supposed to
have it to begin with wait I got a
question guys so when God flooded the
Earth and destroyed my house and then
when Joseph said sorry we all came back
and my house is fine but 3 billion
people still drowned does that mean your
house is destroyed Cody oh [ __ ] I got to
go check on my parents I don't have
parents I'm going to just chill here
wait Cody before you leave so you said
that the Egyptians built the pyramids
right so I got a challenge for
you so look here's a Great Pyramid of
Giza Lego set so I'm going to give you
30 minutes to build this because the
real Egyptians only had 30 years to
build it and they weighed tons and tons
these are little Lego pieces so you have
30 minutes to build it and if you don't
build it we get to stomp on your glasses
I'd rather go home and play Tony Hawk
Pro Skater 4 but my house was probably
destroyed so I guess I'll do this yeah
go you're not even open them you're just
burying your face in them are you guys
going to like help at all no it's only
you ND out need some
[Music]
ramps