hey Dad can you buy me a bean bag chair
no Jeffy well can I take this ball pump
and stick it in my ball sack and pump it
up until my ball sack's as big as a bean
bag chair no Jeffy it's a ball pump
that's what it's for no it's used to
blow up like balls and basketballs and
Jeffy you're grounded for asking a
question yes all right Danny well since
you're the best daddy ever here's 20
bucks ooh 20 bucks wait a minute you
didn't think I would see the rat trap
did you what rat trap well little did
you know I have the fastest reflexes in
the west we live in the sou come here
20in are you okay oh my God I H so bad
Jeffy if you have 20 bucks why' you ask
me for a bean back chair cuz your bean
bag chair is 40 bucks and your joke is
priceless oh my God baby call a doctor
okay hey somebody call a doctor yes
doctor my hands crushed by a mouse trap
oh right guy you're coming with us wait
what's going on come on guy don't make
this any harder than it needs to be but
but what's going on you're being fired
from SML guy what why well because of
this comment from user ps6 yk6
vw50 please remove pumpkin guy and I
need all because we're really bad he's a
put the pizza with the balloon and
giving $100 don't not give Jeffrey a
needle what what the my name's not
even pumpkin guy that's clearly just a
six-year-old with a tablet somebody take
it away from him come on pumpkin guy my
name's not pumpkin guy this is a mutiny
a mutiny Marvin who's going to be your
doctor now I I have no idea
[Music]
what's going on guys I thought we were
cool no no we're not cool Brooklyn guy
we've been getting a lot of complaints
about you in the comments what the
pumpkin guy comment that's not me my
name isn't even pumpkin guy I mean yeah
my hair is orange but did you read the
comment he was talking about pizza and
balloons he's got to be on some kind of
drug that comment was the last draw
you've been overused you've been in 17
of the last 20 videos so you can't get
enough guy right you're always going to
need a cop or a doctor or a firefighter
videos based about you don't do very
well the dalmati got 2.1 million views
in 3 days jeffy's voice changer got 2.2
in 1 day what do you have to say about
that pumpkin guy you oh come on
videos based on animals never do good
hey wait aren't you the guy who thinks
of the ideas come up with better
ideas look videos about you just don't
do well we have all the proof right here
just views the video right now is
not even going to do good just put
jeffy's name in the title name it Jeffy
gets Brooklyn guy fired the views look
go bananas they love Jeffy they eat that
 up they're like That's My Boy Jeffy
they'll watch it twice but Jeffy didn't
get you fired who gives a just do
it he was in the intro that's enough
look the fans are just tired of seeing
you they call you filler guy they call
you a filler character they're also
tired of your one minute animated
stories about your life oh they are hold
on hello Nick Nick it's me Brooklyn guy
yeah stop animating stop it yeah okay
we'll save it for
later I think we just need to let you go
for now but but what about the 7 Minute
videos when you hit a dead end and you
have no idea how to get three more
minutes huh what are you going to do
we'll figure it out now leave take off
your puppet stick and Pablo shake them
off your hand
[Music]
okay hey Bo why a long face I got fired
Karen what from what job from all the
jobs you can't be fired from all your
jobs Bo well they did they fired me from
all of it everything the whole situation
I don't even know how this scene is
happening right now well don't worry Bo
you'll get a new job no I'm not not in
this universe I think I got cut Karen I
think I'm like Mr Pig and corn dog and
Mr meoo and Tony the Tiger and all those
Angry Birds but Bo how are they
going to get to 10 minutes without you
I'd like to see them try I ran that
well Bo aren their views going to go
down without you no they have Jeffy they
can steamroll with that for a few years
at least Michael stray hand on Good
Morning America couldn't take him down I
think he's fine well what about that guy
Nick who animates all your life stories
well I guess he's done too I mean I
can't really see him animating anybody
else's life stories he better not Bo I
have an idea of what could cheer you up
let's go to Outback well Karen that's
just going to be another filler scene
that's exactly the kind of thing they
hate me for well what do you call this
right here right now Bo character
development have they never seen a
goddamn movie sometimes you have to talk
to get the point across they called me
pumpkin guy Karen what I don't know
let's just go to Outback all right guys
here's your new scripts new scripts
who's going to replace the doctor I
don't know hola somebody called a doctor
H play who are you me I'm a Juan I am
the only Juan qualified to be a doctor
today h play well Juan I got my hand
smashed by a rat trap H ouchy seor I
wouldn't want to be you right now can
you help me Juan well ju do you want me
to do about it well take an x-ray of my
hand make sure it's not broken okay give
Juan just one minute
hop oh Karen even this Bloom and onion
can't even cheer me up I'm just kidding
this shit's delicious I get eat two
entire ones of these right now oh and
the blooming sauce I wish I that
then I could dip the blooming onion in
the toilet bowl just so I could have
more of it and look at me with a baked
potato and french fries how do you like
your potatoes yes all of it oh there I
go yapping again that's filler see
that's why they hate me Karen because I
have interests the macaroni and cheese
is also delicious B I feel like I've
already lost 5 lbs from eating this
salad yeah well you haven't let's dig in
Karen dad Dad look it's Jeffy cup what
did you just call me you a cup from
Jeffy I have a name bo be nice
take a picture with the kid you want to
picture no thanks but what the does
he like me or not who just screams at
somebody and then doesn't get a picture
with him eat your food Bo I'm all washed
up Karen I'm just going to eat my
blooming onion
sadly oh Karen Cy that really hit the
spot mate or however they say it in
Australia all right sir here's your bill
oh yeah let me just grab my credit card
oh what's wrong I can't pay what
yeah I kind of got fired today from
existing why would you come to a
restaurant if you got fired well it was
my wife's idea she mentioned Outback and
then I just thought about the blooming
onion and I didn't even think about how
I was going to have to pay but Buon I
didn't know you didn't have any money
well yeah Karen they kind of took
everything wait are you serious right
now or is this a joke uh yeah yeah this
this is just a joke oh thank God yeah
yeah we can pay but we're not ready to
pay yet we're going to need another
blooming onion okay I'll go get that run
Karen what run we're not paying but what
what
R okay well I got to get the blo my
onion sauce I mean I might as well take
the whole plate I'm already committing a
crime
okay Karen we just dined and dashed put
this in the fridge Bo why did we have to
dine and dash because Karen I don't have
a job anymore I'm not even technically a
real person this is our life now but Bo
what are we going to do for money well I
guess I could try being a video game
streamer and then when I make it really
big I can send inappropriate to
little kids bo why would you do that I
don't know apparently that's the thing
now that's what you do when you make it
big all right Chief this is his house
God damn it guy open this door we know
you stole a blooming onion from outb
that shit's delicious you know you're
supposed to pay for something that good
open up this door for I break it down oh
no Karen it's the cops Pon do you think
that hit to arrest us for dining and
dashing uh nope Noe I don't think that's
what it is at all especially not because
he just yelled that I stole a bloom and
onion well what are we going to do B oh
well sure as hell not going to answer
the door what if they break the door
down B to get in oh you're right I
can't afford a new door and it'd be
really hard to steal a door from Home
Depot okay here's what we'll do right
before he Rams the door open I'll open
it so he flies into the house and then
you open up the back door so he go
straight out the back boy that's never
going to work it's worth a shot all
right Simmons he ain't answering break
the door down how would you like me to
do that sir well throw your body weight
into it but this is handcrafted mahogany
I'm not going to be able to break that
down just break it down Simmons all
right
sir oh my arm you're such a
Simmons I am what I eat sir I'm going to
show you how a real man does it
oh damn it they got me with the old Luna
Tunes trick yes oh my God Taran it
actually worked what an idiot all right
guy you're coming with me oh I
forgot I'm supposed to close the front
door all right Simmons you got me fair
and square take me to jail oh you're not
going to jail mate you're going to where
all the other forgotten characters are
you're going to the Forgotten character
dungeon no not the forgotten character
dungeon please I'll start saying no I
don't want to eat my green beans
Daddy all right gu get in there what is
this well I know what this is It's the
secret door but please don't make me go
in there I don't want to be forgotten
you're done guy get in
there I'll never forget you guy wait
Simmons don't go what is this place oh
God characters we haven't used in a
really long time and probably never will
because we don't know where they are hey
newbie Woody what are you doing in here
we just used you in a video back in
April I washed up guy people don't want
to see me no more they're tired of me
going Chey boy and using my hands as
binoculars and digging in the bushes
okay you're kind of talking a little too
long where's Jeffy see that's exactly
what they said in the comments wait who
the hell is that oh that that's tour guy
goofy he smoking his cush well he must
have been a little bit before my time
actually I don't think I ever met any of
these people yeah well just uh sit back
and relax and fade off and do a picture
on the wall but I don't want people to
forget about me well that's all right it
ain't so bad you can always smoke some
of Goofy's cush because he's out
of his goddamn mind I got to get out of
here
can you please just do my hand x-ray I'm
so sorry seor I forgot how did you
forget I asked for an x-ray you came
back with a morocc and a saero what a
Fel na a Merry Christmas what what do
you want to eat you want to cheat di
what do you want to drink you want to
cook is that for here to go are you even
a doctor or you work at a Mexican
restaurant well I got a very sad story
to tell you seor very sad one time I was
working at a Mexican restaurant and
there was a family that came in and sat
down and I brought them their food and
say hot plate and I put the hot plate on
the table and a Kido listen to me and he
touched the H plate and he burned his
finger and the parents looked at me very
mad and I said I told him H play so
that's why I always tell people hot
plate because the plate is very hot
wasn't that the saddest story you ever
heard my hand hurts hey hey what the
hell's going on here who are you Juan
well Juan did you just do an animation
see oh that is
it what up rookie Nick what the oh
guy I'm sorry but like you know your boy
needed that cash
okay well screw off listen you need me
okay you can't fire me just over some
comment from somebody who doesn't even
know my name well the comment was really
upset like they don't want you to be a
character anymore no no no let me
analyze this comment and see what
they're talking about okay remove
pumpkin guy all right well that's
clearly me and I need all because we're
really bad need all needle he's trying
to say needle okay he's a put the pizza
with the balloon Pizza B piece piece of
baloney okay I think I see what's going
on here see in the last video I hit a
needle in a piece of balone to try to
trick Jeffy into getting his shots but
he didn't want the baloney so I hid the
needle in $100 and then I gave him the
shot so he's mad that I tricked Jeffy
with a piece of baloney and a needle and
$100 that's what he's trying to say yeah
that does make sense I mean he clearly
just doesn't know how to type yeah
exactly so I don't think we should be
listening to this kid who couldn't even
think of a username and doesn't
even know my name I mean yeah you are a
really good character I don't think we
should get rid of you over one little
comment thank you now to celebrate I'm
going to have some of the enchilada ow
God damn it I burned my fingers why
didn't somebody warn me the plate was
hot hot
[Music]
play hey guys it's Logan thank you guys
so much for helping us reach our goal of
selling 2,000 Jeffy pianos The Jeffy
piano will only be available until July
31st so if you still want one go on
smlmerch.com right now and pre-order
yours now thank you so much for being
amazing fans we love you guys and I
can't wait to make more videos for you