all right crafts so for your homework
this weekend you have to write a 1 000
word essay on why the sky is blue and
turn it in monday and if you don't you
fail uh a thousand word essay that's
gonna take forever i don't think it's
enough can you make it two 000 words
shut up cody
good thinking cody now you all have to
write a 2 000 word essay wow look what
you did cody cody is stupid
all right crafts i'll see you monday
morning make sure to do your essay and
don't get distracted hey joseph you
wanna come to my house and play fortnite
no dude i gotta write the essay you're
actually gonna write that essay yeah i
don't wanna fail oh hey cody you wanna
come over to my house and play fortnite
yeah sure right after i get back from
the hospital and write my essay you both
are gonna write the essay i guess i'll
write my essay too so come over after
you're done
get rekt noobs hey junior what's up dude
hey guys i haven't seen you all weekend
what were you doing oh we just finished
writing our essay yeah it took forever
it really took that long oh yeah it took
all night friday and all day saturday
and i just finished this morning yeah my
hair is still cramping that's crazy well
did you write your essay uh not yet what
do you mean you didn't write your essay
i've been playing fortnite they got rid
of building what that's stupid well you
could gonna fail i'm not gonna fail look
i was gonna write my essay tonight well
junior you can't write it tonight that's
impossible it's too long oh no no no i
can ride it tonight just trust me guys
don't worry about me well we were gonna
invite you to throw up land so that you
could ride the herald world with us but
now i don't know if you have time i want
to ride to hurl the world dude you can
throw up six times for one ride oh i'm
totally going i'm going with you guys
but junior what about your essay
i guess you're right
i guess i should be responsible and stay
home and write my essay
[Applause]
oh gosh i had so much fun yeah my
stomach's completely empty from throwing
up oh totally dude all right guys i
think it's time for me to be responsible
and write my essay okay junior come on
joseph we have to leave now if we want
to make the movie oh dude i totally
forgot what movie we're gonna go see the
new batman what i want to go see the new
batman but you can't junior it's three
hours long you don't have time
i have time guys guys how about i write
my essay after the movie junior you're
not gonna have time yeah you're pushing
it bro guys let me worry about my
problems i want to go see the new batman
i gotta defend gotham
ow that's what batman does yeah i guess
well guys let's go see this movie okay
oh dude i can't wait to watch this movie
yeah me too cody i can't believe you
spent 50 on popcorn ugh i know the
prices at movie theaters are insane but
i wanted something salty in my mouth and
ken's not here well guess what guys i
snuck in snacks junior you snuck in
snacks that's illegal dude you could go
to jail for like five years for that
well guys no one's gonna notice let's
just watch the movie oh
thank god this movie's over jesus that
movie was way too long i'm more of a
spider-man guy myself and guess what
guys i didn't get caught with my snacks
hey are those snacks we don't sell here
uh officer uh you do sell these snacks
here no i know what snacks we sell and
they're very expensive you're going to
jail for sneaking in snacks i'm so sorry
welcome to poobie's courtroom where
you're always guilty till proven
innocent
today junior you are being accused of a
most heinous rhyme
sneaking gummy worms into a movie
theater
i hereby set your bail at two hundred
and fifty dollars
two hundred and fifty dollars let's go
punk
get in there you snack sneaker i can't
go to jail i have an essay i don't care
who your amigo is maybe if you're such
good friends he can bail you out what
hey yeah cupcake
what's up sweet stuff uh what are you
guys in here for like that the guy's
naked ass don't look at anybody yeah i
killed 17 kids with my hands so what you
were here for uh i snuck snacks into a
movie theater
[Music]
what's going on in here you didn't know
you put us in the snow with the monster
yeah if you can sneak candy into a movie
theater because there's anything in here
get in the way all right we're gonna
have to put you in your own cell well i
didn't do anything wrong see that's how
psycho you are you don't even see that
it's wrong come on
all right now stay in there and don't
cause any trouble or sneak in any snacks
oh yeah and you have some visitors
visitors junior hey dude look guys you
have to get me out of here i have to
write my essay it's not looking too good
dude you're facing five years i told you
not to sneak in those snacks guys please
bail me out junior your bail is the cost
of a large popcorn and a drink dude
that's like 250 bucks cody please bail
me out junior that's all the money i
have please i'll do anything i'll pay
you back please
okay fine but the bailout process is
gonna take a few hours so just find
something to do okay
what am i going to do for a few hours
hey there you look cute but back away
from me i just saw the new batman movie
and i know all his moves i just want to
be your friend
all right you monster you somehow made
bail i did yeah but you're banned from
every movie theater so i hope it was
worth it well just let me out of here
thanks for bailing me out cody you owe
me 250 all right guys i have to focus i
have to write this essay well you better
hurry because it's already 9 p.m and you
have to have the essay done before
school tomorrow morning look nothing
else is gonna distract me all i'm gonna
do is this essay you better dude oh oh
my mom texted me i didn't know elephants
could use a phone oh my god guys guys
guys guys she ran out of peanuts she
lost weight no my lego titanic set came
in what lego titan yeah it's a lego
replica of the titanic what that's so
cool i'll go get it
whoa
damn right whoa it's 9 000 pieces of
pure lego this is so cool dude i gotta
build this well let's go build it
downstairs joseph we don't want to
distract junior okay dude okay guys i
want to help build it no junior you have
to write your essay
i'll write it as soon as we get done
building this no junior this is going to
take hours to build not if all three of
us work on it it won't take that long no
you're going to fail did the titanic
fail yes well i'm not the titanic i'm
not gonna fail i'm not gonna run into an
iceberg guys i'm gonna help build this
come on let's go downstairs
all right guys look at all these pieces
dude there's so many pieces how many do
you think there are i think there's
9090. wait you counted them already no
it says it right on the box oh
oh man i thought you were one of those
nerds i mean you are but yeah cody you
are a nerd okay guys what i think we
should do is i'll build this part you
build that part and joseph can build
that part okay dude i'm about to get on
it yeah i'll build my part junior i
really think you should start writing
your essay i really think your mom
should lose weight okay okay fine just
don't say i didn't warn you okay let's
build
and done well guys we did it we built
the whole titanic it only took us six
hours and hey look if you look in this
window you can see leonardo dicaprio
banging kate winslet in the back of that
car the amount of detail they put in
this thing ah
yeah i'm gonna go to sleep guys yeah i
think i'm gonna take a quick nap no
junior you have to write your essay oh
my god my essay i totally forgot okay
i'm a drinking energy drink and i'm
gonna get it done tonight good luck
junior i'm gonna go to sleep on your
table yeah
okay i just drank 300 drinks i'm ready
to stay up all night and write this
essay nothing's gonna distract me okay
so why is the sky blue well
what penelope is calling me why is she
calling me at 3am it must be an
emergency
hello hey junior
me and my boyfriend just broke up do you
have time to talk
yeah i'm not busy good i want to tell
you about every problem that me and my
boyfriend ever had he was so mean but he
was so hot it all started a couple years
ago in the hallway by the bathrooms he
came out the doors looking like a god
and he said hey cutie and i died and he
wouldn't answer any of my calls and
that's when he broke up with me
junior
junior are you there junior
junior oh wow yeah that sucks that you
and him broke up junior were you even
listening to me of course i was
listening to everything you said oh yeah
then why did me and my boyfriend break
up uh because you have crooked toes oh
now i have to start from the very
beginning oh no please it all started a
couple years ago in the hallway by the
bathrooms he came out the door my
phone's dying
oh jesus what time is it
oh it's 5 a.m oh no school starts in a
few hours i haven't even started my
essay oh i should have gotten distracted
okay okay i can just hire a company to
write that say for me here okay i'm
gonna call a company to write it for me
hey you benjo heard you needed an essay
yeah i get it look i need you to write
me an essay it's due in three hours oh
well here at big search computer repair
services and essay writing services we
can do that for you so what's the essay
about oh i need you to write a 2 000
word essay on why the sky is blue
that's easy you see the sky is blue
because different colors are diffused by
nitrogen and oxygen but blue is the
shortest wavelength of all of them so
it's the fuse of just 10 times more and
that's when the sky is blue okay that's
really interesting but i need you to
write on the piece of paper and i need
to write 2 000 words and stretch it out
oh i'm really good at stretching things
out that's my mom i was almost at
c-section but she's built like a tank
okay well look i just get the writing
please oh can i type it instead i'm way
better on computers yeah type it do
whatever you want just get it done
please what fonts you want you're trying
to go always school get your times new
roman or maybe you're trying to get
naughty maybe right in helvetica
freak
i guess helvetica did you get it done
please okay yeah i can't do that give me
give me like an hour okay go go
okay here is your 2000 word essay on why
the sky is blue and as you can see i
stretch it out real good the sky is very
very very very very very very very very
very this is perfect oh my god i'm gonna
pass you saved my life it's what i do
all right go turn this into the teacher
wait how are you gonna pay me oh
i really should start charging for my
services up front
junior you actually finished your essay
yeah i got it done at least you won't
fail dude yeah i'm so happy that i got
it done wait where's penelope oh she's
probably too depressed to come to school
she called me and said her boyfriend
broke up with her but where's everyone
else
yeah where's the teacher
junior joseph cody what are you doing
here it's spring break you're not
supposed to come to school till next
monday spring break oh
we had a whole week to write this essay
well in that case you should have just
given us 4 000 words
[Music]