guys guys calm down yes these are my
Tech Decks PJ where'd you get Tech Decks
at oh my mom got him for me
PJ we have to see you play with it
please I don't know guys I'm kind of
tired
okay okay I'll play with it
[Applause]
I mean he scored just in time hey what's
everyone looking at PJ I would totally
kiss you for your Tech Deck I would
marry you for your deathbed you guys
don't even want to know what I do to him
for a Tech Deck hey God what's going on
PJ Crenshaw brought Tech Decks to school
we're a tech day you don't know what a
tech deck is dude is the coolest toy
ever how do you not know what a tech
deck is like this I don't know what a
tech deck is well if you don't know what
a tech deck is you have to get out of
here now hold on hold on guys let's
educate the poor fool Jeffy a tech deck
is a little miniature skateboard that
you ride with your fingers tech decks
are the epitome of cool they are the
ultimate symbol of cool tech decks are
all about bringing them to school and
making it your entire personality it
says I may not know how to ride a
skateboard but my fingers do and if my
fingers can ride a skateboard then the
ladies know what else they can do
my bunghole okay I borrow one your Tech
Deck
I borrow a PJ that's unheard of you're
asking to borrow somebody's Tech Deck is
like asking to bang their mom no hold on
guys PJ never deprives someone of an
opportunity to be cool Jeffy you can
borrow my tactics
only for a day Jeffy you have to bring
me the tech deck back tomorrow at school
okay
has never happened in the history
all right no run along home
hey Jeffy how was school it was sick
daddy this
what yeah it's a little
finger into my favorite I wouldn't say
that anymore look if you're gonna play
with a little mini skateboard play with
it somewhere else okay Daddy but first
can I show you a trigger one it took me
forever to learn this trip sure ready oh
Johnny you hit me in the face of this
stupid skateboard you know what I think
about this
daddy why are we doing throwing it if
something happens to it let me be the
Biggest Loser at school oh I can't
believe I have to vacuum the whole house
God foreign
[Music]
I can't let anything happen do it for
the rest of the night
hey Jeffy hey Junior I hate taking the
bus to school me too but you still have
PJ's Tech Deck sure do and it's in
pristine condition okay good yeah I
can't wait to give it back to him it's
been stressing me out ever since he gave
it to me yeah it's got to be stressful
holding onto something so valuable hey
losers what do you want bully wait
what's that it's a Tech Deck come here
hey get back you want it go get it hold
on the bus is coming
championship
oh man there's a Tech Deck okay Jeffy
because it looks like it's okay Junior
oh my God it's broken PJ's gonna kill
you I know Junior I cannot go to school
today oh okay well we're not gonna get
on the bus we're gonna take this thing
inside and try to fix it but let's go
let's go okay here hey where you kids
going you get your ass on the bus you're
going to be ready for school hey Junior
and Jeffy didn't get on the bus oh man
they're skipping school they didn't
invite us hold on Joseph I'm gonna see
what's going on uh hey I'm getting off
the bus why are you getting off the bus
you gotta go to school uh I have to poop
outside I'll meet you at school okay all
right Jeffy all the pieces are right
here we have to put it back together how
Junior how there's like a million pieces
right here there's more pieces right
here than there are ants in the world
okay well that's not even close to being
correct we have to put this back
together because if PJ found out you
broke his Tech Deck he's gonna hit you
and he's gonna hate me because I know
you hey guys what'd you skip school oh
Cody thank God you're here look the
school bus ran over PJ's Tech Deck what
Genie do you know what this means if PJ
finds out he's gonna hate Jeffy and then
he's gonna hate us because we're
associated with Jeff so we gotta think
of a plan Cody help okay think think
I did a little too I did a little brain
tube you made a brain fart no Junior I
don't say the word fart that's
disgusting I say toot it's a nice cute
little petite word a petite toot you
know if you're at dinner and you pass
gas you can just say sorry everyone I
tooted and then everyone will be fine
with that they'll just keep eating but
if you say sorry everyone I just blew a
big stinky dirty fart right out of my
unwiped ass then nobody's gonna want to
keep eating that's just gross you know
two it's like a nice little purr that
comes out of your ass like like you've
got a kitten in your ass I just let out
a big stinky [ __ ] Cloud right out of my
rectal hole yeah see that's
inappropriate oh can we get back to the
tech deck we gotta fix this oh yeah the
thing that made me toot in the first
place oh look how about we just go to
the store and buy a tech that looks just
like this oh wow Junior that's actually
a really good idea and you didn't even
have to toot to think of it yeah let's
go to the store come on okay
[Music]
come on guys hey kids can I help you
find something oh yes Mister we're
looking for a tech deck that has a snake
on it with red Wheels we broke our other
one and we won just like it oh well I
hate to tell you this kids but no two
Tech Decks look exactly the same there's
not one that looks just like the one we
broke no each one's One of a Kind well
what are we gonna do oh I guess it kind
of screwed I mean you could get one of
these kits and try to fix the one you
have oh you could fix it with this kid
yeah I guess so okay come on go go grab
this
shut up I'm stressing about my tech deck
that kids should be here by now what's
up BJ Hey where's your friend you know
the one with the helmet he's supposed to
bring me back my tech deck uh they
missed the bus but they should be on
their way though oh call him huh call
him the p and PJ doesn't stand for
patient okay I'll call him PJ okay guys
we have all these tools so let's try to
put it back together what are you doing
Jeffy sorry I don't always helping no
you just lost all the pieces that Cody
find the pieces hold on my phone's
ringing it's Joseph hello hey dude
where's Jeffy PJ's asking for his Tech
Deck uh there's kind of a situation
going on what situation stinky sneaky
[ __ ] fart wait somebody's constipated no
no Jeffy just grabbed the phone look the
tech deck is broken wait broken what do
you mean broken that's PJ's favorite
take that he's gonna kill us I know I
know what we're trying to fix it I just
need you to stall and tell PJ
everything's okay
all right guys we gotta fix it hurry
hurry hurry PJ I really like your pink
Tech Deck whatever uh PJ Hey where's
your friend with my tech deck
um um he had a doctor's appointment but
he will be here by the end of the day
that kind of pisses PJ off I can't focus
in class without all three of my Tech
Decks oh
better be
I'll put that together what Junior it
doesn't look anything like it looked
before look it has the wheels on it it
doesn't matter the wheels were red
before the wheels on the bus go round
and round but look I thought the equip
all the wheels or different colors it
doesn't matter if it's cool Junior the
wheels have to be red okay fine I'll
change all the wheels to Red I just
thought it would be sick and not cross
is why you don't run with scissors that
doesn't for today's lesson you all can
go home see you tomorrow PJ
what the frick man what your friend
never came back with the tech deck oh uh
he must have got stuck in traffic yeah
that's it I'm gonna kill your friend huh
okay Cody I added the red Wheels on the
tech deck it looks good right yeah I
mean it kind of looks like it did
oh no Junior that top looks terrible
well there's nothing we can do about the
top coating these other boards have
different designs on them so we can't
change that out guys guys PJ's come on
oh me too Danny no
dick no guys hide all the materials I
don't know I don't know okay all the
peas are cleaned up yeah I'm scared I'm
gonna go high but Cody come back hey bro
you never came back with my tech deck
bro cause I was still playing with it
bro oh dude don't mock PJ PJ he didn't
mean to mock you up your tech deck is
right here wait a minute what's with all
these scratches oh the scratches I did
there oh don't tell me I already know
you do yeah you were shredding the [ __ ]
out of this thing man that's totally
narnar Banks man your fingers must have
been bleeding from shredding this hard
yeah I was finger dealing that board so
hard it was like a girls Arby's roast
beef sandwich I was giving it that
Horsey Sauce like
yeah damn right you were oh man you know
what I don't even shred this hard on my
Tech Decks you know what keep it it's
yours champ I don't want it it's broken
it got ran over by a bus yeah a Bus full
of fingers you know what kid you're not
so bad keep on shredding guys what just
happened well PJ did not notice that his
Tech Deck was broken he thought those
scratches were from Jeffy playing with
it too hard oh that makes sense my thing
looks like that when I play with it too
hard so Jeffy you get to keep one of
PJ's Tech Decks and PJ still thinks
we're cool uh oh I have to pee what Cody
you're being really weird just randomly
leaving the scene like doesn't make any
sense what are you doing hey guys I
found that Tech Deck you were looking
for what you told me no two Technics
look the same oh yeah I just lied so
you'd spend more money at Target you
know that kit you bought it was three
times the price of this one but it
worked the boss gave me a huge promo oh
man this Tech Deck is so cool whoever
was playing with this was narnar Banks I
gotta try it out oh man look at my hand
like Tony Hawk Tony Hawk's hands Tony
Hawk hands Tony hands Tony hand Hawk
John Hancock signed the Declaration of
Independence in 1776. Bucky I did
[Music]