all right class today we're going to be
learning about dinosaurs and their bones
dinosaurs have teacher teacher I can you
a dinosaur impression do it
Junior you done you feel better now that
you got that out of the way now with
your permission if you don't mind I'd
like to finish teaching the class anyway
class dinosaurs have a ro of Bones I'm
talking a rot bones and they lived over
a 100 million years ago which means
dinosaurs are old
Ash all right CR stop creaming like a
dinosaur you're not a dinosaur so you
can't cream like them all right as I was
saying dinosaurs rived over 100 million
years ago and their bones are buried
underneath the Earth so if you want to
when you get home tonight you could take
a shovel and go in your backyard and
start digging and you might find a
dinosaur bone a Jeffy when we get home
tonight we try dig in our backyard to
see if we can find dinosaur bones heck
yeah Junior and if we find one we can
chew on it like a
dog yeah we can see when a dinosaur
tastes like heck yeah Junior let's go do
it yeah wait wait where you going class
isn't over yet they're going to fail
anyway all right Jeffy you ready to
start digging for dinosaur bones F yeah
Junior F yeah so dinosaurs existed about
50 billion zillion years ago mhm sounds
about right so how far do you think that
the bones are under the ground probably
a strong 2 feet well then start digging
Jeffy all right dud
Junior I'm hitting something Jeffy it's
an egg do you think it's a dinosaur egg
Junior it has to be it was underground
wow ironically enough right where we
started digging we found a dinosaur egg
well let's take it inside okay Junior oh
man Jeffy I can't believe we found a
real dinosaur egg how do you make the
dinosaur come out Junior get out of your
dinosaur get out right now I I think
you're supposed to sit on it well that's
what I told her Junior but she didn't
listen no no I think you're supposed to
sit on the egg like you know like how
chickens sit on their eggs and make them
hatch well it's not a chicken egg Junior
it's a dinosaur egg well I still think
dinosaur sat on their eggs I mean I mean
if they sat on they'd probably break
them cuz they were like a million PBS
yeah but still try sitting on it all
right
dud now what now we wait how long I
don't know maybe 5 minutes okay Junior
nothing's happening well maybe the egg
knows that you're not a real dinosaur so
it's not going to hatch H I got an idea
Junior just stay right here ra I'm a
Jeffy Rex Junior W you look just like a
dinosaur Jeffy yep sure do this egg will
definitely hatch now when you get on it
mhm o wait Bessy you sure are a wild one
all right now I'm going to ride you into
the
sunset yeeha
ye all right Jeffy I'm going to go play
toys let me know when it hatches all
right Junior wo settle down there Bessie
you sure are a wild
one Jeffy we're home ra Daddy I'm a din
sure Jeffy what is that it's my sack
Daddy I think it's a little bit swollen
does it look normal to you maybe you
should put your hand on it so I can
cough Jeffy really what is that dang
this is what happened so I went to the
shed and I got a shovel and then I went
to the backyard and I proceeded to dig a
huge hole but you what Daddy don't be
mad and then I found the dinosaur egg so
now I'm going to sit on it until it
hatches so I can become a mommy dinosaur
Jeffy there's no way you found a
dinosaur egg in the backyard then what
am I sitting on Daddy Mario he could
have actually found it dinosaur egg well
even if that's a dinosaur egg it's
probably millions of years old it'll
never hatch oh no Daddy I feel something
maybe you should get close and
listen Jeffy you're disgusting daddy you
want to know what that was four cans of
Spaghetti O cold cuz I couldn't figure
out how to use the microwave Jeffy get
your stupid egg off the couch and you
get out of that stupid ridiculous
costume oh no ddy I actually feel
something this time no I'm not going to
fall for that again oh no I think the
egg's
hatching oh my God is that a dinosaur
Mario Jeffy had a baby dinosaur in it so
cute I'm a proud
mommy Jeffy what are you going to name
him meatball well no we're not naming it
because once you name it you have to
keep it we're not keeping a pet dinosaur
Sebastian Mr Wigglesworth no Mr fluff
bottom you don't even know if it's a boy
Mrs fluff bottom no we're not naming it
squeakers no a d doesn't squeak blue
it's green D I got the perfect name I'm
going to name him booger oh I like
booger it's green like a booger you're
not keeping a dinosaur Nam you a booger
Hey booger say hi to my daddy give me my
hat back give me my hat back okay you
I'm going to call a dinosaur list a
paleontologist Mario yeah yeah I'm going
to call up that and I'm going to see
what's going on with the stupid dinosaur
it doesn't even make sense if you're
telling me it's 100 million years old
then why is have a pen on his nose it
doesn't make any sense I'm going to call
dinology
hey there you call me yeah are you busy
no not really I just plugged in my new
lava lamp hasn't started moving yet but
when it does it's going to be sweet oh
that's really cool so I have a question
uh-huh well can I see you yeah no not
with the lava lamp just you oh yeah yeah
what's up are you a
paleontologist yeah I can be okay so
here's what happened my son started
digging a hole in the backyard and he
found an egg no no more lava lamp okay
what's up oh look okay focus so my son
started digging a hole in the backyard
he found an egg and it hatched and it
turned into a
dinosaur that's that's that's not how
that usually goes yeah so like what do
we do with it like do we throw it away
take it to a shelter what do we do I
mean I'd keep it my grandma's calling oh
hold on let me decline that okay so what
do we do about that I I'd keep it oh you
keep it so we can keep
it no no we're not keeping it isn't it
like dangerous to keep it like like like
what does it even eat I mean people
probably or whole cows if you have those
uh well we don't have those we only have
Cheetos yeah that could work if you have
a lot of Cheetos no we're not no look
man can you just say that it's illegal
to have a pet dinosaur and that we
should get rid of it well no it sounds
like it'd be cool to have a pet dinosaur
yay we get to keep
booger no no no no you know what you
don't even know what you're talking
about you're just dumb okay well don't
call me next time lose my number well
they only call you a paleontologist
because you're pale and Tall if you look
at me you can tell that neither of those
are true I'm tan and short okay well you
know what just hang up and I don't want
to talk to you anymore okay all right
Jeffy you can't keep the dinosaur
anymore well Daddy the guy in the phone
said I can keep him so I'm going to keep
booger no no you're only going to spend
a few more minutes with him and then
we're going to get someone to come take
him away from you well me and booger are
going to go play come on booger let's
go Mario just let him keep it no baby
it's a dinosaur it's going to take big
dinosaur poops all over the house it's
going to destroy our furniture it's
going to do a whole bunch of bad stuff
so he's not keeping
it you didn't hang up huh what oh
yeah oh that's so sick hey Junior guess
what booger
hat oh that's so sick that's a dinosaur
yeah Junior but my Daddy won't let me
keep him why not cuz he's a boomer what
are you going to do with him then well
Junior I'm not going to let him out of
my site cuz if I do my dad's going to
try to take him and get rid of him well
then what are you going to do when you
go to school tomorrow I'll just have to
to put him in my backpack and take them
with me well I guess that's what you're
going to have to do then but that is a
really cool
dinosaur I have to find a way to get rid
of that dinosaur Mario just let him keep
it no it's too dangerous ooh I got an
idea while jeffy's sleeping we'll sneak
in his room grab the dinosaur get in the
car drive really really far away and
leave it on the side of the road that's
so mean you can't do that to him baby
it's a dinosaur when it gets older it's
going to get huge it's going to destroy
the house and it might even try to eat
us Mario that's his baby it's not his
baby all he did was sit on the egg it's
not like he banged a dinosaur hey Mario
I got to watch Charlie and friends in
here something wrong with my TV Charlie
and friends was filmed in front of a
live
audience oh hi guys I'm
Charlie and today I'm a dinosaur I'm
Charlie sorus
Rex oh my God Charlie that was so
hilarious
you're not a
dinosaur I got an idea baby what I'll do
is I'll hire Charlie to pretend to be
the dinosaur's dad and I'll I'll dress
up like the dinosaur's mom and when
Jeffy gets home from school tomorrow
we'll say the dinosaur's real parents
came to pick up the dinosaur oh I don't
know Mario good luck with that I've been
trying to meet Charlie for years now
I'll find a way to get him all right
baby how do I look Mario you look
ridiculous no I look like the dinosaur's
Mommy and jeffy's going to believe it no
he won't Mario there's no way I'm I'm
getting a phone call hold
on hello hey hey you B you're busy right
now I'm kind of busy why oh dude you
have got to see this I mean look what
the lava lamp's doing it finally started
moving it's getting all Blobby and stuff
that that's really cool yeah yeah look
at
that all right craft So today we're
going to be having a test today on the
dinosaur bows so if you left class early
yesterday to day Jeffy and Junior then
you're screwed so before we take the
test let's go over the bones of the
dinosaur so the head bones connected to
the neck bone and the neck bones
connected to the body bone and the body
bones connected to the we the bone and
the we both connected to the r bone and
the r both connected to the tailbone one
more time
class shut up
be quiet be quiet Jeffy what are you
messing with in your backpack oh a
dinosaur yeah right if you got a
dinosaur in your backpack then I'm
packing more than 2 Ines no I swear it's
a dinosaur all right I'm going come
check and if there's a dinosaur in your
backpack you get to go home for the rest
of the day and I'll give you a a on the
test all right let me
check mommy daddy D I'm home I got to
come home early because I took my
dinosaur to
school who are you I'm the dinosaur's
mom ra and I'm the dinosaur's dad ra and
we're here to take our sun bag Mommy is
this true uh uh I I think so Jeffy
uh-huh we left our egg in the dirt cuz
we had to go to the grocery store yep
can't forget the fruity pees no can't
can't forget those so come on son let's
go home
so man this maskk is hot wait who are
you oh hi guys I'm Charlie so you guys
really aren't the parents well no Jeffy
we're just trying to get rid of that
dinosaur because you're not supposed to
have it well Danny that's rude and we
don't need this so come on booger let's
go what we're going to get rid of that
dinosaur
eventually when do I get
paid look baby we have to call someone
who can really get rid of that dinosaur
hey there someone call a crocodile
hunter yeah I was wondering do you deal
with Dinosaurs oh no mate no dinosaurs
only Crocs well um my son has a Croc in
his room and he wants to try to keep it
as a pet oh you can't do that you cannot
keep Crocs as pets they're twoo
dangerous so can you go in the room and
you know take the croc from him yep I'll
go round them up just in a bit Mario why
would you tell him it's a crocodile well
it's small enough to be a crocodile look
look he'll believe it's a crocodile and
he'll get rid of it oh no all right took
a little bit of wrestling but I got it
what is that it's a Croc no no I was
talking about a Croc I'm confused that's
a Croc no not the shoe like a crocodile
oh crocodile okay where's it at it's in
my son's room mhm all right I'm on it
but I'm still going to charge you for
this Croc okay fine just go all
[Music]
right bad booger you are off key again
[Music]
good booger oh no oh oh no I'm got the
bubble gut all right booger you stay
right here I got to go have diarrhea in
the
sink oh wow that's a Croc about 13 lbs
yeah I think I can take
them got you now
Croc wrestle him I've got him in a toe
cold oh let's get the carrier let's get
him the carryer oh all right that'll do
it you got him sure did thank you so
much Mario this is cruel no it's not
baby we don't need a pet dinosaur all
right so that's off to the vaporizer for
him what vaporizer yeah how do you think
we make Crocs we skin the little fell
and then we wrap it around the shoe what
what yeah that's how we do it all right
come on off you go Mario I hope you're
happy um daddy have you seen booger tell
them Mario tell him how sick you are
well I've had a sore throat for the last
3 days no Mario tell him what you did to
his booger well I found out you were
picking your nose and wiping it on the
kitchen cabinets and I decided to leave
them there F yeah Daddy give me some
Knuckles yeah Mario tell them what you
did I was on the internet and I ordered
you a bunch of toys F yeah Daddy give me
some more nuok no Mario tell him what's
happening I'm going to take you to
Walmart to pick out a Lunchable F yeah
Daddy give me some more nut that's three
FAS in a row Daddy no Mario tell him
right now how you had someone take
booger away and now he's being made into
ship daddy you took my Boger away well
he's going to be happier his shoes Daddy
I hate you you're not my favorite daddy
anymore I don't want my booger turned
into shoes look like you can't have a
pet no you're a
horrible where where okay I'll try to
get him back okay I'll try to get her
back all right just stop crying I'm
going to go get her back I want my f ass
back D give them back hey is there any
way that we can actually get booger
back Hey booger you you just had your
dinner okay well I'm going to take this
away from
you come on booger come back with us
yeah all right guys stop crying I got
booger back you got my booger back oh I
miss you so much love you so much Mario
how did you get it back I just went and
talked to the guy all right Jeffy look
you get to keep booger as long as he
doesn't break anything or destroy
anything okay F yeah Daddy
[Music]