hey guys hey guys what's your favorite
color clown mine's gotton candy mine's
eggplant what's that a Winer joke in the
first 10 seconds oh Cody you naughty dog
o look at this one Piggy Pink I didn't
know your mom's skin color was a crayon
Cody shut up Junior my mom's start a
piggy Jun hey Joseph what's your
favorite crayon color g k is the best oh
bro can I borrow that please sure a
thanks
bro Patrick J broke my favorite color
Cre what are you going to do by the punk
cry
yeah I also like being
loud the piggy pgy all right everyone
shut up you stupid brats because of you
I'm stuck in this hell hole all summer
long so today I'm going to make you
suffer so get out a piece of paper and I
want you to write I ruin Mrs Fitzpatrick
summer I'm sorry for being so dumb
10,000 times when that hand starts to
hurt switch to the other hand when that
hand starts to hurt switch again when
both hands are hurting use your mouth to
right and if you complain once you are
starting all over I'll be over here
scrolling on Instagram and wishing I was
someone
else what damn Junior who pissed in her
Frosted
Flakes Telly a thousand more times d a
[ __ ] get my ass
J
what who whacked off in her Cocoa
Puffs Cody Junior Joseph Mikey a
thousand more times for all of you o she
wrecked her asses all right Cody stop
yeah bro chill out you're going to get
us some more
trouble hey junior junior no stop Joseph
Joseph dude chill Mike I make my no I'm
going to say it anyway who took a [ __ ]
in her cinnamon to
crunch that is it get your ass up here
you're getting the
paddle oh no not the paddle wink wink oh
no please don't spank me with a padle
and whatever you do please don't call me
a dirty little boy and please don't pull
my hair come on teach spank them cheeks
Cody yes him ow what the [ __ ] that
wasn't hot at all it just hurt don't
talk back to me oh [ __ ] okay I won't
does anybody else want some of this damn
guys I think she should be fired that
was messed up I mean a regular spanking
would be cool but she hit me in the face
don't worry Cody my dad's done worse to
her with his F they're not going to fire
for hitting you Cody principal steinback
likes violence yeah you're right we
should try to make her quit she wants to
quit she doesn't have enough money to
quit oh well I do have this prank
lottery ticket that makes it look like
You' won the lottery when you scratch it
off maybe if I give it to her and she
thinks she won the lottery she'll decide
to quit that would be so funny if you
you did that yeah dude that's a smart
idea okay I'll go tell her I'm sorry uh
Miss Fitzpatrick what do you want Cody
you want another one no I just wanted to
apologize for making you angry see my
parents buy all these scratch offs and I
steal them so I just wanted to give you
one to make it up to you oh well I do
have a gambling addiction oh I love
scratch offs thank you Cody well I hope
you win big I have a feeling you might
thank you Cody go sit down and finish
your assignment okay but if you win make
sure you give me a big old yippy Caye go
sit down Cody okay where's a
quarter oh my God oh my God class class
I just w a million dollars a week for
the rest of my
life I never had to see your [ __ ]
faces ever again to principal side back
I quit I quit I quit I quit I
[Applause]
quit [ __ ] you Mikey [ __ ] you
oh now I feel bad she's so happy and
when she finds out it's fake she's going
to be depressed it's okay Cody everyone
needs a little bit of happiness in their
life even if it's fake I hope she
doesn't say anything mean to my dad
he'll beat her do we have to stay in
school now that we don't have a teacher
no I think we can go
home I'm angry oh guys I am not in a
good mood no sir no sir because your old
teacher Mrs F Patrick oh what's the
worst to describe her I don't want to be
too rude I'm in front of children um
she's an loyal [ __ ] for wanting to quit
because she won the lottery can you
believe it guys the money controls
her that's sad and she said some very
very mean things a little bit on the
racial side but I'm not going to judge
her don't know how she was raised but
you guys you guys you thought that
summer school was going to be over cuz
you didn't have a teacher
huh stupid H cuz I found a teacher just
walking around outside how convenient
right perfect timing yeah his name is Mr
blink oh come on in Mr blink introduce
yourself hey there're beautiful kids
yeah he enjoys you guys can you believe
it he begged for the job cried for it
weird weird as hell like I never knew
somebody who actually begged for a job
like this ever but uh anyway you got the
job Mr blink teach these little brats
please let them learn something God damn
it o with pleasure so see you br later
oh yeah let me know if you need any help
Mr
blinko thanks principal Steinbeck I
think I can take it from here hey there
kids I'm your old pal Mr blink and I'm
so excited to be your new summer school
teacher who needs to be outside running
through the sprinklers and getting all
wet and shiny when you could be in here
with me learning now how about we all go
around the class and tell me your ages I
I mean names but also your ages and your
addresses and when your parents go to
work and come home actually how about
you all just write it down and put it on
my desk and then I can drive all of you
home okay this assignment's a lot easier
yeah this is super easy guys does Mr
blink look kind of familiar to you Cody
I think I would remember someone wearing
a fake mustache and glasses and nose
yeah yeah he's just he's just weird yeah
oh what's this a spanking paddle your
old teacher knew what she was doing I
thought was going to have to stop by the
store and pick one of these
up oo yeah that's good it's good stuff
oh Cody you mind looking up for me what
thanks got it oh yeah guys Mr blink just
took a picture of me well maybe it's for
yearbooks but Junior there are no
yearbooks in summer school well maybe
he's trying to put names to faces and
that helps him remember maybe I just
finished the assignment so I'm done for
the day all right Mr blink I'm done with
my assignment you don't have to drive me
home I can just walk no no no no no no
no you need to stay where you told me
after I was done I could go home but we
have a big group assignment coming up at
the end of class it's a group hug a big
old big old group hug can I skip that no
no it's mandatory it's a mandatory hug
oh okay wait wait wait Junior it says
here your dad's a stay-at home Dad yeah
he doesn't have a job oh that sucks that
is very disappointing okay that's fine
I'm not really that into redheads anyway
oh no my mom's dead I think oh okay
everybody hurry up with those papers
guys the new teacher's kind of nice he
wants us all to hug after class he's
still kind of weird he's got a big nose
dude don't make fun of the Jewish like
that I think you just did I need to go
ask the teacher a question I like to
announce when I'm getting up from my
desk hurry up kids when you're done we
can go to the gym and hit the showers
hey Mr blink can I talk to you in
private yes yes you can where do you
want to talk in the closet or maybe out
in the hallway or in the bathroom or
maybe we can talk out in my car or at my
house yeah we should talk at my house
because the walls are completely
soundproof so no one will be able to
hear us not even the neighbors it'll be
extra private no right here is fine I
just didn't want to be really loud and
you're kind of yelling oh well what did
you want to talk about well this famous
streamer I follow has been sending me
really inappropriate stuff like pictures
of himself and he's been really weird so
I just thought I should talk to an adult
about it ew get out of my face I don't
want somebody else's sloppy seconds
that's disgusting okay I got to start
being a streamer they just have it too
easy I missed the good old days when all
you had was a van full of candy and a
dream did you ask the teacher your
question question he didn't seem
interested in my
problem hey guys should I throw a paper
ball at the teacher that'd be [ __ ]
hilarious Junior a real
hoot you want me to throw it what I can
drop [ __ ] bombs Junior I can make it
rain on that hoe I'm like Tom Brady Jr
me that thing so damn na you deserve
this oh Cody you missed well I guess I'm
not Tom Brady I guess I'm some other
quarterback that's bad at throwing I
don't know I don't know Sports I'm going
to make another paper ball Matt Schwab
what is that one Matt Schwab I I I guess
I've heard of that well I guess I'm Matt
Schwab all right I'm going hit him right
in the
head I hit the are you Matt Schwab dude
just give me the ball I'll throw it like
Michael Vic you're going to kill a bunch
of dogs yeah I'm going to get the job
done though here's my paper oh my God
your mustache was fake it's Mr Winkle
what a
pervert that's right it's me now nobody
triy to follow me or I'm going to stab
her with this pencil and she'll get
blood poisoning well they actually make
it with graphite now but still it'll
hurt really bad come on you know it
would be really cool if you told the
principal I quit and that I didn't
kidnap a student somebody oh that was a
close one yeah dude he almost got high
ass I mean he did take a student who's
Mr Winkle dude you don't want to know
but I do though you know
edp445 yeah he's like the white skinny
version of him yeah the white twin dude
oh I'm even more mad you can tell by my
tone no why does it happen to me
principal Stein B oh another one B the
dust Another one B the
[Applause]
dust look class your teacher quit
another one I guess it is your lucky day
sis I can't find a second teacher just
wandering around outside it was nothing
but homeless people I tried but look I
will have a teacher for you tomorrow yes
he will be meaner and more angrier and
evil than me
I love it already but if I can't I have
to teach the class by myself I will I
promise you I will and you won't like it
cuz I bite I'm not nice so uh I guess
classes dismiss get out of my face I
don't want to see you guys
anymore we get to go home early hey
Joseph I'm never going to forgive you
for making my gun gy gr and what the
hell are you going to do about it [ __ ]
boy not a damn thing but cry to your
mama huh huh that's what I thought my
mom's
[Music]
dead hey guys it's Logan thank you guys
so much for helping us reach our goal of
selling 2,000 Jeffy pianos The Jeffy
piano will only be available until July
31st so if you still want one go on SM
merch.com right now and pre-order yours
now thank you so much for being amazing
fans we love you guys and I can't wait
to make more videos for you