I hate
school PJ cring Jimmy James cring shw
par jamy cring shw what's wrong dude
yeah what's wrong PJ my girls left me
they left you why they found somebody
cooler no one's cooler than PJ yeah no
one's cooler than the Jam jams bully is
Bully you're so cool bully why would
they leave you for a bully well because
he stole chips from a gas station did he
get away with it yeah he boofed him
boofed him yeah he shoved him up his ass
and walked out of the store what why
don't you just do that my sphincter is
too
tight wa oh bullly you are so cool and
your chips are so stinky yeah they were
in my ass you're like the coolest kid
I've ever seen I bet you could fit two
bags of chips in there hey maybe hey
bully oh hey dork no you can't have any
of my Flamin Hot ass Cheetos did you
really steal those yeah I have them
don't I I boofed them well what made you
boof them well the gas station work was
coming up on me fast so I had to think
quick so I shoved him up my ass see his
ble is more stretchy yeah I'm a boo
Bandit now well is there any way that I
could possibly ever be a boof bandit
you sorry kid come back in a few years
when you can fit chips in your
ass oh man guys Bully's so cool yeah he
is Junior that's not cool he's stole a
bag of chips and then put it in his ass
yeah that's really cool no it's not
Junior guys can we agree that's really
cool yeah that's pretty fun so I want to
be as cool as him so guys I think we
should try to be boof Bandits hell yeah
Junior that's what I'm talking about I
can fit at least two bags up there maybe
even three maybe even the whole Pringles
can yeah Joseph you want to do it no
dude I'm not sticking anything on my ass
or stealing you don't want to steal
what's that supposed to mean dude uh I'm
just saying like me and Cody are going
to do it you don't want to do it you
don't you don't tag along no not if it
includes my ass dude all right Cody me
and you can be boo Bandits hell yeah all
right so let me go ask bully if there's
any way we could be a boo Bandit okay so
there I was a bag of flamin' Hot Cheetos
up my ass see puppy see puppy and every
time I took a step it went oh my God hey
bully what do you want nerd me and Cody
really want to be boo Bandits yeah yeah
right get out of my face I'm talking to
my ladies so where was I I'll just start
over so there I was a bag of flamin' Hot
Cheetos up my ass no seriously bully we
really think we could do it like give me
that bag of chips right now I'll shut my
ass no no hold on but I like your
dedication tell you what you two meet me
at the Circle cake gas station tonight
and we'll see how many chips you can fit
up that ass thank you so much bully
thank you so much oh my God Cody guess
what he said we could be boo Bandits we
just have to meet him at the gas station
tonight oh hell yeah I'm going to start
doing
squats so you two think you have what it
takes to be boofer Bandits huh well it's
proven time you have to go in there and
steal a bag of chips by shoving them up
your ass and if you get caught it just
means you didn't shove him far enough up
your ass see bully shoving mucho up his
ass damn right I did oh come on junior
I'm excited okay we're going to do it
okay Cody let's do this yeah it's going
to be a piece of cake Hello K thank you
for coming to the gas station I just
wanted to let you know that you're under
video surveillance [ __ ] let's leave no
Junior we can do this don't be such a
puss I don't want to get caught we're
not going to get caught we're going to
be boers now come on wow I really love
gas stations there's just so much stuff
to choose from man it's going to take me
a long time to find what I want yeah
there just so many yummy things like
cupcakes and carrot cake yummy oh look
Cody the chips you were wanting to buy
with money and definitely not steal shut
up Junior you're being weird you're
being weird don't beat your ass with
these CHMS [ __ ] look at us he look at
us be cool be cool be cool don't mind us
just two friends ping around yeah Best
Buds so such good friends yeah calm down
you calm down you C down okay well look
at the chips yes oh so many chips but it
doesn't look like they have the flavor I
want I guess I'll just have to leave
without taking anything Cody we are
going to take something I know Junior
I'm just saying that so he doesn't think
it's weird when I walk out of here not
carrying anything oh okay um ooh I love
the Fritos but not the they don't have
the kind I want so I'm not going to be
buying them yeah too bad I'm going to
take these fros I'm going to get the
jalapeno Cheetos all right Junior start
boofing how do how do I start just put
it up
your scream it up there hey what are you
kids doing over there uh nothing nothing
you don't have the chips that we want so
we're going to go somewhere else Cody
pull him out I'm trying pull them out
he's looking at us [ __ ] Jor they're
stuck wait what the jalapeno Cheetos
they're stuck in my ass junor wait what
they're stuck in my ass the jalapeno
cheetos are up in my ass I can't get out
Junior the bag Pop I got jalapeno
Cheetos stuck in my [ __ ] wa it burns
so bad Junior he's looking at us help me
pull him
out oh God they really stuck in there
yeah it's really far up there but what
do we do junior you're going to have to
distract him I got to walk out of here
what distract him yeah just think of
something okay uh hey there excuse me Mr
gas station man are you going to buy
something or you going to keep screwing
around with your friend
uh uh uh I I was going to ask you about
something that I want to find in the
store okay uh there's this drink it's a
green drink that I'm looking for it's
a uh it's a mountain Mountain Dew oh
yeah we have it it's in the drink
section oh the drink section no they
fell out you KN the jalapeno Cheetos
fell out of my hand can you show me
where the drink section is sure it's
right this way yeah yeah Cody pick them
up okay all right the mountain de's
right there oh there's the Mountain Dew
thank you so much Mister all right wait
hold on where did your friend go oh oh
he left you didn't have the the chips he
wanted so he's going to go check a
different gas station okay and I think
I'm going to go too well hold on hold on
you said you wanted a Mountain Dew oh oh
yeah yeah no I do want a Mountain Dew
but I I want the the the the Code Red
Mountain de that's green I wanted the
red one SC so yeah I'm I'll see you
later I don't I don't want anything
behold jalapeno Cheetos well well that
boofing son of a [ __ ] actually did it
oh my God Cody you're are so cool yay
Cody well Junior where are your chips uh
I uh I was a Decoy for Cody to distract
so he could get away scaredy cat see you
are much [ __ ] now now ladies there's no
need for such harsh language we don't
yet know if he is a [ __ ] or a scaredy
cat but you better get back in there and
boo some [ __ ] chips Junior oh of
course of course I'm going to boost some
chips I just wanted Cody to go first
it's so easy go do it I'm going to go do
it right now okay Junior you can do this
hey kid welcome back to the gas station
you're actually going to buy something
this time oh yeah I'm definitely going
to buy something I realized you might
have the chips that I want but if you
don't have the chips that I want then
I'm not going to leave the store with
anything but if you have the chips I
want I'll buy them but if you don't have
them I won't I won't buy them cuz you
won't have them all right I want these
Fritos okay do C did just put him up
your ass just put him up your ass Hey
kid he hey hey hey officer can you come
over here for a second I need to talk to
you I got caught already oh am I going
to jail listen I wasn't going to put him
up my ass what huh what what what did
you say what what were you what were you
going to talk to me about well I was
just going to ask you about these hot
dogs see I'm working the night shift
tonight and I haven't eaten anything and
nothing's open so I was just wondering
if maybe I should eat these hot dogs but
I'm worried I might get sick so would
you eat them are you going to buy me one
no no I was going to eat both of them I
just you know this thing's not on so
they're not going to be warm I just I
don't want to get sick so would you eat
these hot dogs um I wouldn't eat that
one yeah yeah that's what I was thinking
it kind of looks like a poop yeah okay I
think I'll just take the other one then
all thank thanks for talking officer
yeah thank you okay that was way too
close okay just hurry up and shove them
in your ass and then leave come on hurry
up get in there hey kid oh hey hey what
are you doing you sitting on Fritos what
is that like some kind of Tik Tok Trend
the kids are doing um no no no I wasn't
sitting on the Fritos I was I was
feeling them with my my butt feeling
them why why were you feeling them well
because um like Fritos is giving away uh
marbles marbles yeah marbles they giv
away marbles in every few packs of
Fritos I didn't know kids still played
with marbles oh yeah they love them kids
love marbles making comeback so the
Fredo doesn't tell you which bag has the
marbles in it so I was feeling them with
my ass to see if I felt the marbles why
were you feeling them with your ass you
could just use your hands well see if
you feeling with your fingers your hands
you might break the Fritos but the
pressure of your ass doesn't break the
Fritos but it feels balls what really I
didn't know that can you hold my coffee
I want to try that actually my my my
mom's waiting in the car and it doesn't
have AC so I got to go oh okay I got to
try this what oh he lied to me my ass
broke the Fritos hey you got to B dad
God damn it hey Junior I don't see any
chips he didn't do it see because he's a
[ __ ] now hold on ladies maybe they're
just shoved so far up his ass we can't
can't see him maybe he's achieved
maximum
boage uh well I I couldn't steal the
chips CU there's a cop in there a cop if
you can boof in front of a cop that
would be legendary you'd be boss boofer
he's not going to do it see he's not
going to do it because he's nothing but
a [ __ ] yeah you're right he's a [ __ ]
let's all
laugh that's what I am going to do it I
going to prove you wrong I'm going to do
it okay screw this hello kid welcome
back to the gas station whatever I'm
just going to steal and leave Hey
kid yeah you trying to steal those uh
steal what the Fritos you trying to
steal them no why well because you lied
to me about the marbles and the Fritos
earlier I Googled it that's not really a
thing so the only reason you'd be lying
about sitting on Fritos is if you were
trying to shove them up your ass you
could steal them you know I was your age
once I remember shoving snacks up my ass
to impress my friends so you trying to
steal those um no don't lie to me son
you'll be in big trouble yeah I was just
trying to steal to impress my friend
yeah yeah I thought so well let me tell
you how I do it you steal oh yeah I do
it all the time but technically it's not
stealing all right let me tell you how I
do it so you see this coffee right here
I drank that whole thing for free I
didn't pay for it and those two hot dogs
I ate both of them didn't pay for either
of them even the one that looked like a
poop and this icy right here yeah I'm
going to drink this whole thing and I'm
not going to pay for it but check this
out before I leave I go to the bathroom
and I piss and I [ __ ] so I leave it in
the toilet see it's only stealing if it
leaves the building so technically as
long as I [ __ ] and piss it in the toilet
it never left the building so it doesn't
count as stealing now I know I'm not
really leaving it in the same state that
I picked it up but I'm still leaving it
here right it's not leaving so it's not
stealing and I know technically what I'm
[ __ ] and pissing is probably
something I ate or drank yesterday not
what I just had but I mean I would like
to just see you prove that in the court
of law how do you know I don't have
dumping syndrome you know what dumping
syndrome is ask me what it is what's
dumping syndrome it's a disease where
you piss and [ __ ] whatever you just ate
or drank see how do you know I don't
have that you can't prove that see
exactly so as long as I do that it
doesn't count as stealing so if you eat
those Fritos and then immediately go
[ __ ] them out doesn't count as stealing
right I mean technically they didn't
leave yeah exactly they didn't leave the
building are you to going to buy
something yeah just one second man I
just got to decide what I want there's
just so many options [ __ ] idiot I'm
not going to pay but I'm not going to
steal anything either because I'm going
to piss and [ __ ] so what about you kid
you going to eat those Fritos and then
[ __ ] them out so you don't steal oh oh
really important rule before you decide
if you do piss and [ __ ] in the toilet
make sure you don't flush because if it
goes down the drain then it leaves the
building and that counts as stealing oh
and you also have to make sure you wipe
your ass really really good too cuz if
there's even one tiny little piece of
[ __ ] on your ass when you walk out of
the building that counts as stealing so
you have to make sure you wipe really
good but good luck with that cuz it's
one p toilet paper that stuff sucks what
I like to do is I just sit on the sink
and use it like a bedet like I just put
the faucet between my ass cheeks and I
just wash it out and oh oh yeah but you
got to make sure that none of it goes
down the drain because that also counts
as stealing so I take a bunch of paper
towels and I clog up the drain so it
just kind of pulls in there like a [ __ ]
soup that way I'm not stealing see I
leave the bathroom in a horrific state
it looks like a third world country but
I feel good about myself for not
stealing so what about you kid you uh
you're going to eat those and then [ __ ]
them out oh oh real quick before you
answer I do have a question would you
eat these pickled eggs I I I know
they're pickled so they probably didn't
go bad but I mean they're red and I
associate red with bad not with ices red
means cherry and delicious with ices but
with eggs it means bad and gross now I
need you to answer quick cuz I really
have to [ __ ] and I don't want to steal
would so would you eat red eggs I I
don't think I eat the red eggs might try
one anyway so you're going to eat those
Fritos and then [ __ ] them out and wash
your ass in the sink so it doesn't count
as stealing are you still going to buy
something just a second Jesus he's
acting like we're stealing can't a man
eat drink [ __ ] and piss in peace so what
about you kid you going to eat those and
then [ __ ] them out um I uh just know
that if you do decide to [ __ ] I'm going
to have to check your ass to make sure
there's no [ __ ] on it just to make sure
you're not stealing um I think I'm just
going to steal them what I think I'm
just going to walk outside and just
stealing no kid I just explained to you
how you can get away with it all you
have to do is [ __ ] it's not hard well no
I'm going to going to go outside and
just steal him well if you do that I'm
going to have to arrest you you're not
going to arrest me because if you arrest
me I'm going to tell the gas station
worker that you've been coming back here
and eaten for free oh come on man don't
do that I got a good thing going on here
so let me go don't arrest me let me
steal this one thing and I won't tell
the gas station worker oh God damn it if
you tell him he's never going to let me
come back in here so just let me steal
okay fine just be quick about it before
I change my mind so even if the worker
yells hey he's stealing don't do
anything yeah okay fine I'll tell him
I'll pay for it
okay hey man uh can I have the key to
the bathroom I really got to [ __ ] again
hey man chop chop bathroom key I got to
[ __ ] so much you're going to owe me
money no every day you come in here and
you eat the hot dogs in the back and you
drink your slushy and then you go into
the bathroom and you piss and [ __ ] in my
sink sometimes you piss and ship from
the toilet to the sink and sometimes on
the floor okay well when the sink the
toilet are full where else am I supposed
to go you're supposed to flush the
toilet but that would be stealing I
don't care I would rather you stealed it
for me to clean your mountains of [ __ ]
really I wouldn't have guessed that
leave but if I leave now I'm going to
steal everything in my belly good at
least I don't have to clean your pissing
[ __ ] off my sink and my floor okay well
if you're fine with me stealing give me
some of these scratch offs no I want you
to leave okay but if they don't win I'll
just [ __ ] them back out no I want you to
leave I'm not giving you scratch off
okay well if you're giving me permission
to leave with everything I've got all
right fine see he's giving me permission
for everything I've just done and that
kid just stole Fredo so I don't care at
least I don't have to clean his piss and
[ __ ] out of my sink okay I did it look
guys waa Junior actually booed in front
of a cop he's the coolest kid ever wow
Junior that's so cool see Junior you are
much cool yeah Junior that's really cool
let's all chant that Junior's cool
Junior's cool Junior's cool hold on wait
a minute let me smell those Fritos wait
a minute you didn't boof those at all
they don't smell like [ __ ] well I still
stole them that's the cool part no the
cool part was putting them off your ass
not cool Junior see you are much lame
yeah Junior the whole point was to put
him in your ass well I still stole him I
I tried to no he's lame come on
guys are you are you
serious I'm just going to take them back
then
[Music]