all right crft so tonight you're going
to be doing a crft film Project each of
you is going to make a one minute movie
about whatever you want and whoever has
the most amazing movie is going to win
an Oscar an Oscar I've always wanted to
win an Oscar you know I'm a natural born
actor dude you're a natural born door
yeah Cody the only Oscar you're ever
going to win is an Oscar Meer wiener in
your mouth well that's just as good I'm
going to make an art film well no
Penelope I need you to be in my film I'm
going to remake Shrek and I want you to
play Fiona as an oak not not the normal
Girl part I have someone for that shut
up Junior all right class so go home and
try to get your movie done so you can
win this award what's your film going to
be about Junior probably dinosaurs
what's your film going to be about I
don't know I'm thinking maybe something
hot and romantic do you think he'll let
me do nudity probably not I'd have to
charge for that what's your movie going
to be about Joseph I'm not going to tell
you guys you're going to steal my ideas
well I'm going to make the best film
ever
nuh I'm going to win I'm going to win
the Oscar whoever wins the Oscar is the
coolest ever okay what kind of movie
should I make o I know I can make an
animated movie about a girl starting her
period and every time she has period
cramps she turns into a panda bear oh
wait pix already did that hey Junior I
just came to tell you that my movie is
going to be better than yours so well no
my movie's going to be better than yours
hey guys I want you to meet Chris suer
and Saka why do you have sock puppets
cuz I'm making a sock puppet movie
that's so lame Joseph no one's ever
going to watch something with puppets in
it yeah nobody likes puppets Joseph
that'll never take off you have a better
chance shaking a stuffed anim while
making it talk yeah well I'll show you
when you you guys lose and I'm the
winner yeah that's not going to happen
my movie's going to be better uh junior
I need the Lego Titanic I mean I don't
know why I'm asking you it's mine I just
left it here after we built it well go
take it then get out of my house you're
distracting me from making a movie okay
I got to think in something that's
genius Hey guys you're looking at an
Oscar winner because I made the hottest
steamiest movie of all time well Cody my
movie is better I have so much action
and destruction in it it's going to be
so crazy yeah does your movie have you
getting slammed up against a foggy car
window no that's what I thought dude my
sock puppet movie is so awesome it's top
tier it's going to knock your socks off
well we know he's not winning no one
wants to watch a sock movie but dude it
has so much drama in it it's like a
lifetime movie all right crash so today
you're going to be presenting your crash
film project and remember the best film
is going to win this Oscar so who wants
to go first oh teacher chose me me me me
me me me me I want to sh it to him and
show what a real movie looks like all
right Joseph come up here and show us
your film yes all right guys prepare to
have your hearts broken will you watch
this real life movie based on a true
story called my life
[Music]
socks honey I'm
home oh honey you're home early I
thought you had to work late Saka you're
cheating on me with this black sock no
Chris sucker it's not what you think he
kidnapped me I have sock home syndrome
I'm not falling for that again yeah I'm
a sock but I wasn't bought yesterday
you're a socky excuse of a woman you
think I'mma walk in here while you're
socking another man and be okay with it
yeah I'm not Will Smith lady okay pack
all your shoes and get out no baby
please don't leave you're a ankle sock
and he's a tub sock I couldn't help
myself I'm so
saki my wife cheated on me it's trying
to end it all
isn't it so sad see my movie didn't have
a happy ending cuz real life doesn't
have Happy Endings okay Joseph very good
go sit
down all right Jeffy you're next all
right so my movie is called Brute Party
4 and if this one does good I'll make
the first three like Star
Wars D do I'm a happy strawberry hey Mr
banana what doing oh nothing I'm just
mad cuz I'm a banana and not a happy
strawberry oh don't be mad Mr banana I
bet you please all the girls cuz you're
a banana no nobody wants me cuz I have a
bruise on me hey it's me I'm a pineapple
sup oh great it's Mr Pineapple the
coolest fruit in the world yeah it's me
what you Boos doing well I'm being happy
strawberry nothing can ruin this day my
day is always ruined I'm a bruis
banana Jesus
Christ wow Jeffy how Gra TR go sit out
all right panope you're next um I kind
of don't want to show mine I didn't get
to finish it panope you come up here and
present or you fail okay fine Penelope
why don't you want to show it is it just
a video of you just eating food for 5
hours cuz you're fat shut up
Junior so all I want to say is that my
dad walked in on me while I was making
it and it's really embarrassing so
here oh Justin mamore I know we just met
but I feel like we are soulmates you
want me to stay here in Paris with you
but my flight takes off in 5 minutes and
you know I have to see my dying Aunt who
would never allow this to happen maybe
we'll meet in another life what's that
one more kiss all right mope what are
you doing Dad what are you doing get out
I'm making a movie you're making a movie
oh God no I failed as a parent my
daughter feels like she has to make
movies like this Dad get out you're
embarrassing me you're embarrassing me
you're embarrassing the whole family
with what you're doing here with this
picture all right that's it I am not
going to allow you to make these kinds
of movies all right you're going to
boarding school oh that was so
embarrassing boo trash shut up Junior I
mean he is right panor it is
embarrassing go sit down Cody you next
oh yeah get ready to watch a cinematic
Masterpiece okay everybody prepare to
cream your panties because you're going
to watch the biggest hottest movie of
the summer I remade Titanic and I call
it
Titanic I don't want to be with you Cal
I don't even care about your money I'd
rather be with someone hotter but
poor hey Ken I changed my mind I want to
be with you what's that step up on the
ledge but what if I fall I'm flying I'm
flying Ken I'm
flying drown me like like one of your
French boys
can oh well I I'll be honest it's not
really your best work I mean I mean my
abs are way bigger in real life and you
can't even see my junk I'm going to have
to move this blanket okay draw me again
let's take another crack at this put
your hands on me
[Music]
[Music]
Ken oh no Ken we just hit a bag of ice
now the ship is sinking and the
lifeboats are all full we're going to
have to jump in the water
[Music]
yeah oh ken I'm so cold I mean I'm sure
you're colder cuz you're in the water
and I'm not I I I would let you get on
my door but there's just not enough room
oh Ken Ken oh it's so cold I'll never
let go Ken I'll never let go oh oh no I
Let Go Ken I'm sorry I'm just so cold no
[Applause]
oh that was 80 years ago and it was the
sexiest hunkiest experience of my life
thousands of people died but that pipe
was
legendary huh huh how hot was that [ __ ]
huh very good Cody now go sit down
junior you're next yeah Junior let's see
if your movie's as hot as mine all right
guys prepare to watch a real movie that
has destruction and death I call it
doomsday in
Townsville in the City of Townsville the
Powerpuff Girls are on vacation so the
city is
defenseless oh McDonald had a farm e-i
e-o and on that farm was Cody's mom big
fat ugly pig with an I'm a fat dare and
an ugly sticky Pig ugly fat fatty fat
fatty fatty fat fat Old McDonald Had a
Farm
e oh no is that a
dinosaur I came back from Extinction to
destroy your
city crash crash crash crash oh no my
son works in that building he's probably
dead oh he's super dead Crush Crush
Crush Crush oh whatever you do please
don't eat my
dog oh I would never eat your dog oh you
promise no your dog Dead die no my dog
what whatever you do don't eat Cody's
mom what Cody's Mom oh I didn't know you
had her oh she's so fat and ugly I'm
going to eat her
no fat Cody's
mom you see that Cody your fat mom's
getting eaten fat Cody's mom no oh man
am I so full from eating Cody's big fat
mom if honestly if I would ate her in
the beginning I wouldn't have destroyed
your city well get out of here before I
call the
cops oh no the cops I have a record I
got to get out of here oh man what can
make this day any worse well at least
there's not giant tarantulas trying to
eat me oh well do I have bad news for
you when I was trying to leave the town
giant tarantul were coming this way well
I'll pay you anything if you can save me
okay I'll try and defeat
him oh no the giant Tas are coming oh no
the giant tarantula's coming across the
bridge he's going to try to eat me
a cops come help me W we're blocked we
can't there's a train we can't get past
the train well save me he's going to eat
me oh no he's coming right towards
me I'm dead the end so guys what' you
think of the movie huh hey Cody did you
see your mom in the movie how she's a
big fat ugly pig uh-oh Here Comes
Cody Cody just sled the [ __ ] out of me
keep my mom's name out your [ __ ] [ __ ]
mouth it was a your mom's a pig joke
keep my mom's name out your [ __ ]
mouth okay I will all right Junior go
set out and the winner of the Oscar is
Cody I won I actually won an Oscar oh oh
I I this is kind of awkward cuz I I just
embarrassed myself in front of everyone
but I won oh my god really oh thank you
I I I just want to start off by saying
I'm sorry teacher for slapping someone
in your class you know love makes you do
crazy things but I I hope you invite me
back I oh man I just I I deserve this
award so much my movie was so good oh
thank you all except for junior
[Music]