ah dinosaur stop trying to bite my hand
you already bit my girlfriend in half
hey junior what are you doing playing
with pipe cleaners why aren't they
called pipe cleaners because you can
clean your pipes with them here
play with a blue one
clean pipes you say well i got a two
inch pipe it can clean what's up dude
what's up joseph notice anything
different about me bro did you get a tan
nah dude you know i'm black
i got my ears pierced what you got your
ears pierced don't only girls get their
ears pierced no dude guys can get their
ears pierced too it's totally straight
nothing gay about it um junior i think
it got stuck well joseph got his ears
pierced oh no way that's so cool i want
my ears pierced well you have to ask
your parents dude see me i don't have
parents so i don't have to ask anybody
well who pierced your ears for you some
homeless guy in the alley with a dirty
needle one toy gonna ask my daddy and i
know he's gonna say yes hola papi jeffy
don't call me poppy what do you want me
to call you daddy stop talking like that
um father may i penetrate my earlobe
with a very sharp device and wear it for
fashionable purposes what can i get my
ears pierced oh no jeffy you can't get
your ears pierced marvin he's 17 years
old exactly he's 17. when he's 18 he can
do whatever he wants but since he's 17
he has to listen to me you never let me
do what i want what's this poking out of
your shorts don't touch it
the son of a biscuit-eating what
jeffy where was this at it was in my
winner
why was it there because it's your pipe
cleaner daddy and he was cleaning my
pipe and now it's as clean as a whistle
and the hoes blow it like one too like
jeffy just go go get my ears pierced or
no no you cannot get your ears pierced
leave i hate you
what'd your dad say jeffy he said no
how do you have time to make that why'd
your dad say no because someone pissed
in his froot loops ugh i hate when that
happens dude somebody did that to me
yesterday i mean i still hate it but
gross right so what are you gonna do now
you can't get your ears pierced well i'm
still gonna get my ears pierced but your
dad said no yeah but if you take away
the n it leaves o which means oh yeah do
it oh i never thought of it that way
yeah so let's pierce my ears i'll get
the piercing gun all right got the
piercing gun dude all right jeffy what
ear do you wanna get pierced well which
ear means i like big sausage in my
pooper i think the right all right well
then strong left is it gonna hurt well
any sausage in your pooper's gonna hurt
junior no i meant the piercing no dude
it'll hurt for like 10 seconds that's it
now the blood infection from the dirty
needle that'll hurt all right let's send
it all right dude
here we go
i'm just kidding you just felt like a
pinch
what earring are you gonna put in your
ear oh i got my mommy's dory box so let
me go get an earring on that
all right guys check out my earring oh
my god it looks so cool you want to get
the other your piers no i don't really
like big sausage in my pooper hey joseph
you got your right ear pierced it's
totally straight dude a lot of rappers
have both their ears pierced and they're
not gay at least not that i know of so
what do you guys want to do now how
about we play tech tagger it
tag you're it then you're it
[Applause]
get back here
[Applause]
jeffy you you got ripped off i know
junior hurt so bad wait what's going on
dude jeffy's ear ripped off
we have to call a doctor no junior we
can't go on doctor because my daddy told
me not to pierce my ear and if he finds
out that i pierced my ear and i ripped
it off i'm gonna get in trouble oh okay
let's try to put your ear back on come
on let's go to the red couch okay
all right jeffy we're gonna put your ear
back on
your head we need something sticky oh i
got some chewing gum it's pretty sticky
oh put your gum on the ear okay
all right jeffy try to put your back on
okay oh no
it's not working junior what do we do uh
we need something stickier like tape oh
i'll get the tape
one more piece and done all right i just
put tape on your ear now try it all
right junior oh this works
how does it look it looks so good oh no
it's not working junior okay we gotta
think of something else we really need
an adult to help how about we ask chef
pee pee no what if he tells my daddy no
i trust chef pee pee but he's really
responsible yeah he's not a snitch yeah
let's go i should be okay okay
ugh i'm almost done with junior's dad
soup he's been bothering me all day
about it chef baby chef baby what do you
want junior i'm making your dad sue well
jeffy's ear came off
you baby drop his hair in the soup get
it out get it out
oh no i gotta get the ear out man oh man
am i hungry julia what are you doing you
know the man of the house has to eat
first give me that spoon but but dad
ah give me that spoon i gotta eat first
but i don't think you should eat that
i'm starving are you calling me fat i'm
a beautiful woman god
who knew he has to hear
i'm sick and tired of people calling me
fat i'm not fat i'm big boned dad please
don't eat that julia we need to have the
talk you need to stop judging people
based on their bodies especially women
yeah everybody wants a tin they're
beautiful and pretty but they're boring
they don't know how to cook ill yup
get you a two yeah they're ugly but
they'll do anything for you yeah i'm
talking about anything
so get you a two and not a ten but dad i
don't want you eating this look i have
to eat this junior i have to eat this so
i don't become a tin
no dad there's
[Applause]
delicious
he just ate jeffy's ear oh no did he eat
the ear yeah
did he like it oh yeah it's the secret
ingredient i gotta chop some ears off
junior your daddy ate my ear i tried to
stop him oh what are we gonna do now um
ooh i got an idea come on come on so
what's the plan dude i just called mr
potato head and told him to come over so
when he gets here we're gonna jump him
and take one of his ears so we can give
it to jeffy okay okay i like this plan
he's coming he's coming he's coming hey
guys it's me mr p head here to party so
what are we gonna do oh nothing just
turn you in the mashed potatoes
it doesn't look too bad looks like our
job here is done i'm going home and
taking mr p with me why are you taking
him uh because he doesn't have 10 holes
for no reason dude
well look your your face actually looks
pretty good with the ear like you
couldn't even tell like look over here
really junior oh yeah you can't even
tell that's a fake ear hey marvin have
you seen my other hoop earring you know
the one that i wear all the time and it
looks just like this wait you're missing
an earring yeah and didn't jeffy want
his ears pierced yeah jeffy
i think your dad's calling you oh i'm
coming daddy jeffy get in here you
showing me father have you seen your
mom's missing earring is it a big gold
hoop yes that looks like that one yes i
haven't seen it what yes you have jeffy
no i haven't you know what i think ah i
think you pierced your ear and you
wanted to put an earring in it so you
took one of your mom's earrings bingo
saw him right no i was singing bingo was
his name-o and bingo was his name-o
jeffy can i please have my earring back
i'll have it yes you do jeffy and you're
ground until you give it back i'm sorry
could you say that again in my bad ear
why you have a mr potato head here on
your head i don't have a mr potato head
ear in my head remove it jeffy oh hey
hey no hitting ow hey i said no hitting
jeffy you're missing your ear yeah cuz
someone ate it no one ate your ear jeffy
daddy i know how this sounds and for the
first time in my life i'm not lying
someone ate my ear then who ate it i
don't know his name but it was some bald
guy wearing money slippers that's a lie
jeffy marvin what if he's telling the
truth there's no way jeffy's telling the
truth if jeffy's telling the truth i'll
write i like big fat wiener on my
forehead is anyone missing the ear i
just threw it up i must have
accidentally ate it big fat wiener
that's what you said you'd write uh can
we get the ear please here oh well let's
call it doctor so we get your ear put
back on not until you ride it big fat
wiener uh i will write it but i think we
should call a doctor get your ear put
back on marvin you said you'd write it
and i am gonna write it but i think we
should we should worry about his ear
stop that i will write it lit i will
write it later okay we gotta call a
doctor i'm gonna hold you to it hey
there did somebody call you jackson wait
what happened to the other guy oh you
mean brooklyn guy oh he's sick but
luckily he keeps his door locked so i
can just go in there and steal his
outfits
so what's your problem wait she need a
mammogram i bet i could squeeze her oh
no she does not need that oh oh she
needs a pap smear i'm real good at
smearing back no are you good at surgery
yeah well i mean i've been inside a few
hot babes in my day oh no are you good
at surgery well i don't know if you'd
call it surgery but i have rearranged a
girl's guts before no my son is missing
his ear and the doctor here let me take
a look hmm
your son is missing his ear yeah we're
wondering if you could do surgery and
reattach it oh well which one is his
real ear though this one right here okay
well i guess i could help yourself with
his ear if your wife helps me with my
ear
direction what what can you just please
put his ear back on his head well i
guess let's go into surgery marvin how
do you think the surgery is going well
the surgery was a suck sesh danny it
looks like i got a big fat ball sack on
my face well you put his ear on sideways
hey no refunds and now that i've heard
that mine in the bargain it's time for
your wife to hold up hers will she be
able to destroy the smoke out from the
bowling alley we'll find out but if i
had to take you home afterwards i'm
going to need some dad's money or else
i'm not doing it all right you need to
get out of here so jeffy can you hear
what oh no he can't hear out of his ear
oh no i can hear i just wasn't paying
attention
well at least you have your ear back and
everything can go back to normal all
right daddy time to ride it right what i
like big fat wiener right on your
forehead time to write it i don't have
to write it cause you got your ear back
no you have to write it you said you'd
write it marvin it was a deal
hell yeah how long do i have to keep it
on my head forever and if it ever washes
off you got to ride it again because
that's how wrong you were
[Music]