all right Karen you ready to watch
Despicable me4 yeah bu but I got to
finish pouring my bowl of Cocoa Pebbles
you know I can't watch a Despicable Me
movie without my Cocoa Pebbles I know
God damn it Taran you're overflowing all
over the couch oh I'm sorry
bo uh bo bo we're out of oat milk Bo
we're out of oat milk Bo go to the gas
station and get some more oat milk Bo go
to the gas station get some more oatmeal
Bo are you mocking me no Karen I just
don't understand why you can't just
drink normal milk because B it hurts the
cows yeah well this hurts the oats the
cows B the cows okay fine Jesus well go
get your stupid milk thank you B thank
you
B okay I get Karen's stupid oat milk I
might as well get gas while I'm
here
douchebag this work give me gas come on
hey buddy is your car loud enough oh my
God Ty you have such a nice car that's
Ty turtle from high school okay okay
just play it cool brooken guy PR it cool
play it cool it's okay it's okay he
didn't see it just drive off he didn't
see you what the hell was that oh [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] he saw me
okay what Tyreek the turtle from high
school is that you well if it isn't
Brooklyn guy yeah yeah it's me you
probably didn't recognize me cuz I'm so
handsome now without all that acne hey
you remember that that time in school
when I beat your ass in a race okay well
you didn't beat my ass I took a nap at
the Finish Line cuz I had such a big
lead still sticking with that story huh
yeah well it's not a story that's what
happened the whole school knows it hey
did you see my car yeah I did and I
think it's very ostentatious I think
you're overcompensating for something
slow did you see my [ __ ] your what my
[ __ ] in the car oh yeah yeah I saw her
yeah whatever I tap that [ __ ] every
night in 4k want to see no I'm good I
really don't okay here comes the phone
what that that is a turtle penis I
didn't need to see oh [ __ ] uh-huh oh my
God yeah wow you are very well endowed
so that's what I'm working with yeah
well I guess it doesn't matter how slow
you go when you're working with that hey
yeah want to race what that thing no
yeah my Hyundai Sonata is not really
known for its speed just its ability to
pick up chicks no not that
rematch what like me and you race no I I
don't want to embarrass you in front of
you [ __ ] buddy no no
way don't make me laugh you just
did well Brooklyn guy if you want a race
you know where to find me yeah okay
buddy well that's not going to
happen
Jesus [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] God damn
it
what oh oh oh hey hey Tyreek well my my
AC doesn't work so you got to shake the
car to make it
go [ __ ] die Tyreek go away God I
[ __ ] hate this going home Marvin
Marvin Marvin do you want to try this
Oreo Coca-Cola no no I don't no they
need to stop no no this is madness these
companies these companies are losing
their mind Coca-Cola is famous Oreo is
famous they they don't have to combine
it okay Oreos are good on their own coke
is good on their own they don't have to
make it into a drink this is stupid they
have too much money they're too bored
billionaires are bored like literally
[ __ ] stop literally just take it away
from me I don't want to see it you're
going to make me cry hey Dad you want to
play air hockey on the couch yes well
how we know if we score a goal well
right here if you make it past your Cush
pass this line right here then you get a
point and if I make it pass that line I
get a point okay all right and go [ __ ]
okay that wasn't fair that I want a
rematch there some at the door hold on
Jeffy you got to hold the rematch hello
hey what hey what what are you doing
here why do you have oat milk
oh I don't know can I come in uh sure
what's wrong buddy you seem mad oh do I
Marvin do I seem mad oh you found out
they made Oreo Coke what the [ __ ] did
you just say to me tell me I didn't just
hear what I heard they made Oreo Coke oh
no they didn't okay that's fine I'll be
mad about that tomorrow no today I'm
pissed off at a turtle a turtle yes a
turtle at the gas station driving a
Corvette are you are you sure you're
okay buddy yes Marvin he had a [ __ ] and
I saw their sex tape he was hung I
didn't know Turtles could be hung buddy
did you take like drugs or are you okay
buddy no okay look when I was in high
school there was this Turtle you know
what so we don't bore people I will tell
you an animation form so when I was in
high school I was on the track team and
I was the fastest kid on the team well
the fastest white kid no other white kid
could ever beat me because I was so fast
people called me rocket boots Brooklyn
because I ran so fast and it looked like
I had rocket boots for shoes one day I
was in class and the teacher's pet
Tyreek the turtle challenged me to a
race I chuckled out loud ha no way a
turtle who's known for being slow is
challenging me the fastest white kid on
the track team I told the little slow
[ __ ] sorry I don't want to embarrass
you little man then Tyreek the turtle
said you're just scared I'm going to
beat you I chuckled even louder blah and
I said fine I'll race you if you want to
get beat so bad so the whole school was
crowded around at the track and me and
Tyreek lined up and the sad depressed
kid held up a gun and said on your mark
get set go and he shot off the gun and I
took off so damn fast I left Tyreek in
the Dust by the time I was halfway down
the track Tyreek had only moved a few
inches I felt so bad I decided to stop
right before the finish line and take a
nap so I could wait for Tyreek to catch
up and I can embarrass him by crossing
the Finish Line right before he does but
I fell asleep too long and I woke up to
Tyreek crossing the Finish line the
whole school was laughing at me I lost
to a [ __ ] Turtle I was kicked off the
track team and all the black kids never
talk to me again so that's the turtle I
saw at the gas station with the Corvette
and the [ __ ] and the sex tape oh so
you're embarrassed cuz he beat you in
high school he didn't beat me
technically I let him win you know I was
kind of just bragging cuz I basically
already won now I don't know why I took
a nap before I got to the Finish Line I
probably should have crossed the finish
line and then taken a nap that way when
he crossed the Finish Line I could wake
up and be like what took you so long God
that would have been so cool I would
have gotten so much puss then I would
have a Corvette and I would have a [ __ ]
in a sex tape and I would be hung Marvin
I could have been hung this Turtle
derailed my entire life well why don't
you just challenge him to a rematch well
I ain't got no legs Marvin I ain't got
no legs you move around just fine yeah
you're right I need to stop with the
excuses but I do have a phobia I'm
afraid of races all races black white
Chinese all of them I'm racist what I'm
just kidding but I actually do have a
fear of races that involve like Racers
and finish lines like NASCAR is a horror
movie to me what about a race makes you
scared well I'm afraid I'm going to fall
asleep at the finish line again every
time I get to a Finish Line I get so
sleepy Marvin I get so sleepy like the
movie cars I've never finished it cuz I
always fall asleep in the theater and
Fast and the Furious more like the tired
and the Sleepy although I have seen the
last few cuz they don't race ever okay
well why don't you just challenge to a
rematch and Conquer your fear just don't
fall asleep just go across the finish
line and win okay all right I'll call
him and I will schedule a race next
summer well no no do it tomorrow no but
it's going to rain all week Marvin what
if it doesn't matter but what if I slip
on the rain and I fall and I hit my head
and I fall asleep that's not going to
happen call him right now and tell him
you're going to raise him okay you're
right I'll call him all right Marvin
it's ringing hello who is this hey
Tyreek it's me Brooklyn guy I just want
to let you know that I want to take you
up on that offer for a rematch for
tomorrow
[Music]
huh oh God damn
it hey hey yeah I'm here what's up I'll
race you but on one condition
circumstance God damn it if I win I get
to sleep with your wife okay deal but if
I win I get to bang your girlfriend in
4k deal but it's never going to happen
Okay you listen here now I'm going to
win that race tomorrow and I'm going to
show you that I let you win in high
school I'm going to cross that finish
line so fast I'm going to circle back
and cross it 30 more times before you
even
start hello Tyreek
tyreq you there sorry I fell asleep oh
you [ __ ] oh that Turtle ooh I'm going
to cream him oh I'm going to cream that
Turtle tomorrow okay Marvin I'll see you
tomorrow for the race tomorrow all
where's it going to be I in the
street which at your
house well next to your house we're
going to I'm going to I I'll meet you
there we're going we're going to draw a
line in the road we'll figure it out I I
don't know which Road
all right Turtle you see that white line
in the road yeah well I'm going to cross
that line before you cuz I'm going to
win yeah right I'm going to beat your
ass like last time nuh-uh because I'm
not going to sleep this time okay
Simmons let us know when to go all right
on your mark get set
[Music]
go I'm going to win you slow [ __ ] and
there it is the Finish Line I'm actually
going to win this
time no no I'm not going to fall asleep
you hear that world I'm not falling
asleep I'm going to cross this Finish
Line okay here I
go was that lightning well it's a good
thing lightning doesn't strike twice in
the same
place I'm catching up
your ass is
mine come
on easy Clips easy
[Music]
cheeks how's my dick
[Music]
taste no no you [ __ ] you're not going to
do this to me oh I'm going to do
it oh no come on oh come on come on I
can do it no slow down you [ __ ]
Turtle o no no
no o
[ __ ]
yeah
[ __ ] God damn it you [ __ ]
Turtle Boy where have you been it's been
almost 24 hours did you get my old milk
uh no the store was out Bonnie what is
that oh this is um my friend Tyreek B
but what about my o milk you're about to
get some turtle milk oh God I can't
watch what is
happening okay
[Music]