Junior wake up it's time to go to school
what's wrong Chef Pee Pee it's already
retire he lost his wife and his whole
family look shut up and just come and
eat breakfast God all right Julia for
breakfast I made you something special
my new dish grape jelly ravioli grape
jelly ravioli yeah I thought of it last
night genius idea now eat up I think I'm
just gonna go to school
the groundhog day wait wait a minute
ring ring is bringing me my egg rolls
give me one minute cross Groundhog's Day
what's that well if the groundhog comes
out of his hole and sees his shadow that
means there's gonna be six more weeks of
winter what happens if your mom sees her
Shadow you know because she's so fat and
massive like there's no way she can see
her Shadow because she can't like look
down because her big fat belly's in the
way yeah I get it she's fat me Rocky egg
roll me Rocky
Rocky in my bed
we'll get started
I think you're choking you're gonna do
something what the hell are we gonna do
dude we're kids
uh I think he just died dude that means
no school hey just doing my daily
classroom death check to see if anybody
died what's that a buddy I don't know
well he has no pulse he's dead he's dead
kids you teach is dead you all witness
the man die today you're gonna have to
live with that for the rest of your
lives crisis counseling will be
available after lunch oh a fortune
cookie I wonder what it says a man died
and he's eating a fortune cookie you
will live a long prosperous life oh man
if only he had opened his fortune cookie
sooner maybe he wouldn't have died
anyway bye kid do we just go home yeah I
guess so well Junior we just watched our
teacher die what do you want to do now I
don't know you want to play a game oh
yeah okay we could play uh blackjack or
poker I don't want to play a card game
oh I have one how about if you can
correctly guess what card is on top of
the deck I won't throw the cards all
over the place and make you pick them up
oh that sounds fun it does yeah okay
okay I want to guess uh I think the top
card is the three of leaves what do you
mean leaves you know the car that looks
like a leaf are you talking about clubs
or Spades the one that looks like a leaf
Cody hold on okay Junior these are the
cards now tell me which one you think is
which okay so that's obviously Hearts
yeah and that's diamonds yes and those
are three leaf clovers no those are
called clubs no those look like three
leaf clovers so they look like that but
that's not what they're called and those
are leaves no those are spades Cody
those are leaves they even have a little
stem at the bottom those are leaves yeah
but they're called Spades I'm calling
them leaves okay fine just pick a card I
think this top card is the three of
leaves okay let's see oh nope it's the
two of diamonds sorry that means I'm
gonna have to mess your [ __ ] up yeah
okay there you go pick him up I'm not
gonna help I'm gonna go home
okay I just picked up all the cards I'm
really tired I think I'm just gonna go
to bed what an exhausting day I saw my
teacher die I had to pick up 52 cards
I'm so tired I'm just gonna go to bed
ah
Julia wake up it's time to go to school
why are you crying again Chef Pee Pee
because Tom Brady decided to retire
again wait again Yes again but he
already retired I know he retired again
yeah but like he already retired
yesterday no he retired a year ago
stupid so he retired for a third time no
only the second time look come
downstairs and eat
what the huh all right to you for
breakfast I made you something special
my new dish ravioli [ __ ] baby you
already made this for me yesterday no
Junior this is the first time I ever
made this dish what are you talking
about no you literally gave this to me
yesterday stop being crazy Julie I just
thought of this last night I'm going
crazy I'm gonna go to school
all right cross so today is Groundhog's
Day wait wait a minute ring ring is
bringing me my egg rolls give me one
minute cross grandmas Dave what's that
guys Groundhog's Day was yesterday no
Junior today is Groundhog's Day it's
February 2nd no no no I already lived
this day I lived there yesterday Junior
you feeling okay wait what is
Groundhog's Day dude well if the
groundhog comes out of his hole and sees
his shadow that means it'll be six more
weeks of winter and yesterday I said
your mom's so fat she can't even see her
own shadow oh that's a new one that's
nice dude that was a good one little I
already said that yesterday Junior this
is the first time I've heard that me
Rocky egg roll me Rocky
in my belly all right class I'm gonna
eat my egg roll and then we'll get
started
guys the teacher's choking again I knew
this was gonna happen we need to help
him what are we gonna do dude we're just
kids
guys look he just died dude that means
no school no Cody this happened
yesterday and look the doctor's about to
come in the classroom and do a random
death check hey just doing my daily
classroom death check to see if anybody
died what's that a buddy see Cody I told
you I don't know well he has no pulse
he's dead he's dead kids you teach is
dead you all witness the man die today
you're gonna have to live with that for
the rest of your lives crisis counseling
will be available after lunch oh a
fortune cookie I wonder what it says a
man died and he's eating a fortune
cookie yes Cody this happened yesterday
the fortune Cookie's gonna say you will
live a long prosperous life you will
live a long prosperous life oh man if
only he had opened his fortune cookie
sooner maybe he wouldn't have died
anyway bye kids and Junior good guess on
the fortune cook no Cody how would I
know it says that well I bet a lot of
fortune cookies say that no Cody is
because I already lived his life
yesterday I already know everything is
gonna happen today junior I think you
should just go home and lay down look
I'll come over with you okay I feel like
I'm going crazy calm down junior let's
just play a card game you want to play
Blackjack or poking I don't want to play
a card game oh I have one how about if
you can correctly guess what card is on
the top of the deck I won't throw the
cards everywhere and make you pick them
up it's the two of diamonds okay if you
say so oh my god wow Junior that is the
two of diamonds good guess I knew it was
gonna be the two of diamonds okay hot
[ __ ] what's the next card on top then I
don't know we didn't play that far
yesterday okay then just guess
the three of leaves what what do you
mean leaves just flip it Cody okay okay
nope it's the Jack of Hearts sorry I
guess that means I gotta mess your [ __ ]
up
okay I'm not gonna help you pick him up
I'm gonna go home okay I'm just gonna go
to bed and maybe I'm just in a nightmare
okay okay I think I'm just going crazy
it's just like a nightmare it's a bad
dream I'm gonna go to bed I'll wake up
and this whole thing would just be a bad
dream yeah it's just a bad dream it's
just a bad dream okay
Julia wake up it's time to go to school
wait Chevy why are you crying because
Tom Brady decided to retire again this
can't be happening but it is Junior it
is happening no Chef you don't
understand I've already relived this day
before me too like why would he do this
retire again the second time so crazy no
she had to be like I'm talking I relived
this day twice already Junior are you on
drugs or something no like I relive the
whole day I already know what's gonna
happen like for breakfast you made grape
jelly ravioli what how do you know about
my grape jelly ravioli that's the
special dish because I've had it before
I had it yesterday and the day before
that you must have overheard me speaking
about it in the kitchen that's what it
was no no I had it yesterday Chef PeePee
it can't be this is the first time I
made this day I have to go to school
just get out of my way
baby
what's going on what's wrong Junior you
seem like you're freaking out what's
today's date what's Groundhog's Day it's
February 2nd Groundhog's Day what's that
well that's the groundhog comes out of
his homes he's a shadow that means
there'll be six more weeks of wind shut
the hell up Cody Jesus Junior I didn't
know you didn't like Groundhog's Day no
guys something weird is going on I've
been reliving the same day over and over
and over again Junior stop trying to
prank us yeah that's not cool dude no
guys I've already relived this day I
know everything's gonna happen I'll
prove it to you the teacher's about to
come up there and say that ring rings
bring them egg rolls all right cross so
today is Groundhog's Day wait wait a
minute ring ring is bringing me my egg
rolls give me one minute cross see guys
I told you Daniel he loves egg rolls
it's a coincidence his wife would bring
him yeah dude no guys he's about to come
back with an egg roll singing a song
saying me Reiki egg roll me Rocky egg
roll get in my battery get in my berry
and he's gonna choke on an egg roll what
me Rocky April
get in my belt all right class I'm gonna
eat my egg roll and then we'll get
started
see guys he's joking we gotta do
something what are we supposed to do
dude we're just kids
see guys look he just died he died that
means no school junior how did you know
that was gonna happen because Cody I've
been reliving this day over and over and
over again I know everything that's
about to happen wait so you knew he was
gonna die and you didn't do anything
about it well I I just what no Cody
listen I already knew it was gonna
happen and look a doctor's about to do a
death check right now hey just doing my
daily classroom death check to see if
anybody died what's that a buddy see
Cody C oh no well he has no pulse he's
dead he's dead kids you teach is dead
you won't witness the man die today
you're gonna have to live with that for
the rest of your lives crisis counseling
will be available after lunch oh a
fortune cookie I wonder what it says my
man just died and he's eating a fortune
cookie yes Cody listen the fortune
cookie is gonna say you will live a long
prosperous life look how I know that you
will live a long prosperous life oh man
if only he had opened his fortune cookie
sooner maybe he wouldn't have died
anyway bye kids see Cody look how would
I know that okay Junior that is pretty
weird you knew the teacher was going to
get egg rolls and you knew he was going
to choke on him and die and then you
knew a doctor was going to come and open
a fortune cookie and you knew what the
fortune cookie said because I relived
this day over and over and over again
Cody I know everything is going to
happen okay then what happens next come
to my house I'll show you so what
happens next junior okay so you bring a
deck of cards out and you suggest
playing a card game yeah I did bring my
deck of cards yeah you say if I can
guess the top card correctly you won't
throw the cards all over the place I was
gonna say that the top car is the two of
diamonds let's see oh my God Junior it
is the two of diamonds I told you I've
relived this day over and over and over
again the second card is the Jack of
Hearts okay let's see oh my God Junior
it is the Jack of Hearts this is amazing
so you believe me now I've relived this
day over and over well yeah Junior this
is pretty incredible but what's the next
card we haven't gotten that far you've
never showed me the third card well just
guess for fun the three leaves what do
you mean leaves Cody just flip it over
okay
nah Junior's to three of diamonds sorry
I'm gonna have to mess your [ __ ] up you
said it was just for fun no you still
got it wrong oh Cody but you do believe
me that I've been reliving the same day
over and over and over again I mean
yeah explanation it's kind of like that
movie Groundhog Day what do you mean you
know the movie Groundhog Day with Bill
Murray where he relives Groundhog Day
over and over again how's he fix it uh
it's been a really long time since I've
seen the movie I can't remember well
come on Cody help me uh you know what
I'll watch it and then I'll tell you
tomorrow well I don't have till tomorrow
Cody duh what do you say the name of the
movie was oh you know what I'ma go back
to bed and it's just a nightmare
tomorrow will be a new day tomorrow will
be a new day and I'm not gonna relive
this day okay I'm just gonna go to bed
again I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna wake
up and tomorrow's gonna be a whole new
day a whole new day and today is just a
nightmare I'm just reliving it but but
if I go to bed tomorrow will be a whole
another day and if it's not I'm just
gonna lose my mind I I won't be able to
take it anymore okay let me just try it
oh
Junior wake up it's time to go to school
let me guess Tom Brady retired again oh
man you already seen the news on your
phone didn't you no I already knew this
is gonna happen hey why did you tell me
Junior save me the heartache
what's wrong Genie can get a lot of
sleep no and the teacher's about to eat
egg rolls what all right cross so today
is Groundhog's Day wait wait a minute
ring ring is bringing me my egg rolls
give me one minute cross how'd you know
he was going to get egg rolls lucky
guess Groundhog's Day what's that well
if the groundhog comes out of his homes
he's a shadow there'll be six more weeks
of winter Cody your mom's so fat what if
she sees her Shadow because she's so fat
and round that's a new one nice one dude
the teacher's about to come back singing
me Rocky Agro get in my berry and he's
gonna choke on his egg roll and die
all right class I'm gonna eat my egg
roll and then we'll get started
the teacher's joking oh Junior you
caught it you said this was gonna happen
yeah now he's about to fall over dead
he's dead he's dead that means no more
school
Junior are you psychic or something you
just predicted everything that was gonna
happen yeah I'm like That's So Raven I
can tell you everything's about to
happen the doctor's about to come in and
do a death check and then he's gonna say
there's crisis counselors and then he's
gonna eat a fortune cookie hey just
doing my day daily classroom death check
to see if anybody died what's that a
buddy I don't know well he has no pulse
he's dead he's dead kids your teacher's
dead you won't witness to man die today
you're gonna have to live with that for
the rest of your lives crisis counseling
will be available after lunch oh a
fortune cookie I wonder what it says a
man just died why would he eat a fortune
cookie he's gonna open it it's gonna say
you will live a long prosperous life and
then he's gonna say if only the teacher
would have read this sooner you will
live a long prosperous life oh man if
only he had opened his fortune cookie
sooner maybe he wouldn't have died
anyway bye kids Junior what is going on
you must really be psychic yeah I'm
psychic come to my house I'll prove it
okay okay Junior you're really psychic I
have a deck of cards here so tell me
what the top cards are two of diamonds
like really
wow it is the two of diamonds but I bet
you can't the next car is a Jack of
Hearts
damn it is the Jack of Hearts that's
that's crazy okay but the next card's
the third diamonds no way come on Junior
this is nuts what's going on okay Cody
listen I'm not psychic but I've been
reliving the same day over and over and
over again and it's the fourth day I've
relived this day well do you want to
guess what the fourth card is just for
fun I don't know what it is because I
didn't relive that day well just guess
just for fun ah the three of leaves what
do you mean leaves just flip it Cody
okay no it's a seven of Spades those are
leaves those are the seven of leaves no
those are called Spades they have stems
Cody those are leaves okay well you
still get it wrong cause I'm gonna have
to mess your [ __ ] up but I thought you
thought you said it was just for fun
nope you still got it wrong but Cody
listen I've been reliving the same day
over and over again I'm going crazy I
want to kill myself oh it's like the
movie Groundhog's Day yeah yes Cody
how's that movie End I don't remember
it's been a long time since I've seen it
I could watch it and tell you tomorrow
no no Cody listen right now Google the
ending of the movie how has he fixed it
okay let me look it up uh it looks like
he's just nice to everybody so he just
does nice things for people yeah he's
just nice to everyone and that makes the
day end okay so tomorrow if I wake up
and I repeat this same stupid day if I'm
nice to everyone it'll fix it yeah I
guess so but if you're gonna do that I
want you to give me a big wet sloppy
kiss right on the lips that would make
me very happy okay I'm gonna try this
I'm gonna go to bed and do nice things
for people tomorrow good night Cody good
night I'm looking forward to that kiss
okay I'm gonna go to sleep and then
tomorrow I'm gonna do nothing but nice
things for everyone I'm gonna do nice
things for everybody and that'll fix it
hopefully somebody's go to sleep
children you wake up it's time to go to
school what's wrong Chef Pee Pee so I'm
ready to decided retire again don't
worry Chef maybe it's gonna be okay
[Music]
we just watching them and
the world who's that you you're the Tom
Brady of chefs
yeah
yeah
Julia for breakfast I made you something
special my new dish grape jelly ravioli
oh wow Chef PB that looks delicious I
know right I thought of it last night
it's crazy it's one of a kind I was just
eating ravioli and I said instead of red
sauce let's put great jelly in that
thing yeah that's breakfast that's
breakfast right there okay well I'm
gonna eat every bite just for you Chef
Pee Pee really
yeah really I'm gonna eat it
Julia be honest with me how was it oh it
was the greatest thing I ever eaten
really so I should submitted to a cookie
cut back oh oh yeah I definitely would I
gotta go to school yes oh man I'm a goat
all right cross so today is Groundhog's
Day wait wait a minute ring ring is
bringing me my egg rolls give me one
minute cross Groundhog's Day what's that
well if the groundhog comes out of his
holes he's a shadow there'll be six more
weeks of winter Cody your mom's really
skinny and not fat at all are you joking
no I'm being completely serious I'm
sorry for all the fat jokes I've ever
said about your mom wow that's really
nice thank you Jenny you want to grab my
butt oh boy what I uh oh that is a firm
wrong thanks dude you're being really
nice today yeah I just want to be really
nice to everyone I mean since we're
doing that can I borrow five dollars
yeah sure have my lunch money for the
whole week appreciate it bro black
panther was the best movie ever made and
Colin Kaepernick was the best
quarterback ever dude that's what I'm
talking about you're a true friend
you're a true friend
all right class I'm gonna eat my egg
roll and then we'll get started
the teacher's choking we should do
something what are we gonna do dude
we're just kidding I'll save them I'll
save you
Junior you Savor my life you
now I'm gonna open up what's your cookie
Junior you're a hero darn it the teacher
didn't die so now I'm gonna stay in
school you will live a wrong prosperous
Rife thanks to Junior I will my boy my
homie random classroom death check
anybody dead in here no okay all right
Crown since I almost died today but I
live thanks to Junior I'm gonna go home
and bang my wife with my two inch
Punisher to Tower break so all you can
go home dude I'm gonna go spend my five
dollars hey Junior you want to go back
to your house and hang out yeah come on
buddy so Cody what do you want to do for
the rest of the day well I was thinking
we could play a card game you want to
play Blackjack or poker so which card
game would make you the happiest uh well
I was thinking you could guess whatever
cards on the top and if you get it wrong
I'll throw the cards all over the place
how about I give you a big fat kiss
instead oh I'd like that even more all
right pucker up
okay that made you happy Cody ah two
would make me even more happy really
yeah
okay are you happy to help me happy yeah
but I'd be even more happy if we had a
sleepover and I was the big spoon
come on Cody really big spoon coming
through
Cody your legs digging into my butt
that's not my leg sweet dreams Junior
this better work
Junior it's pouring rain outside and the
roads are flooded so school was canceled
morning PP oh hey Chef PeePee wait Cody
why are you in the bed with Junior you
wanted this well wait a minute what's
today's date Chef baby February 3rd wait
when did Tom Brady retire yesterday hey
guys it worked it's a new day yeah it
worked give me a big old smooch Junior
worked I don't know what you're talking
about more Cody it worked you know what
[Music]