hey daddy where's the cup I'm supposed
to pee in because I already found the
one I'm supposed to poop in you're not
supposed to poop in a cup Jeffy too late
it was running okay
these
hold on I gotta go answer the door pour
that out hello Marvin you have to let me
inside I have to show you what I bought
okay yeah all right Marvin bam I had a
bio is also on this team but he's not as
good as Jimmy Butler you bought a Jimmy
Butler Jersey oh not just any Jimmy
Butler Jersey seeing his last game Jimmy
Butler scored 56 points which is the
most points that any Miami Heat play has
ever scored in the playoffs and he did
it while wearing this jersey and he
signed it
oh it smells like Jimmy take a whiff
take a whiff of Jimmy ew
ew it's sweating man he is a man more of
a man than all of a bee he could have my
wife how much did you pay for this
jersey oh you know 250 000 250 000 yeah
that's my entire life savings but look
it's worth it because I got this stinky
shirt I don't think I would ever pay
that amount of money for a shirt oh yeah
well would you buy a shirt that Jesus
wore I guess yeah exactly and that's him
that's Jimmy Jesus Christ Butler because
he had to walk on water to get that 56
points because we beat the Milwaukee
sucks I mean bucks hey I like that team
yeah well you must like suck in Jimmy
because we're up 3-1 on your [ __ ] ass
and it's about to be 4-1 tonight no uh
okay yeah okay whatever well thank you
for showing us this jersey hey you want
to see my favorite plays of that game
not really I'll show you I got them on
my phone right here look watch him get
this three to date to the lead Here
Comes Jimmy wide open for the lead oh
Jimmy ahead hey
whoa Jimmy go can you say clutch clutch
daddy that's Henny Butler right there I
mean that was really cool oh that's
nothing you should see this next play
watch oh here comes Jimmy Butler he's
filthy this man doesn't wipe all through
Jimmy have my baby Jimmy Marry Me
Marvin was that not the nastiest thing
you've ever seen Jimmy didn't have to do
that to them that was not consensual
what you just watched the Bucks get me
too or should I say me too tude for
Jimmy well wasn't that a two-pointer not
a three okay yeah he stepped on the line
and it was worth two but it doesn't
matter because he still won that's why
the Jersey was worth so much you could
have at least gone to watch it smells so
bad no it's full of Jimmy Juice I
actually wrung it out into a cup and
drank it hoping I would absorb his power
but it didn't work all it did was make
me very sick speaking of sick I have to
pee and I think I have a UTI can I use
your bathroom well we all have a pee Cup
oh usually I pee into a Mountain Dew
bottle while I'm sitting on the couch so
I don't have to get up while I'm
watching Jimmy that's probably why I
have a UTI anyway I'm gonna go pee all
over your toilet seat Daddy what am I
supposed to do with this cup of diarrhea
I said pour it out Jeffy
Jeffy you're a dummy I said in the sake
oh okay oh my God he bought diarrhea all
over the Jimmy Buffett yeah oh my God
what are we gonna do we're gonna clean
it oh you can get the Blazer awesome
wife there's a napkins I don't know what
to do
[Music]
and it's gonna be a while too because
I'm taking a Milwaukee Bucks in the
toilet cause I'm [ __ ] hard yeah I
thought I had to pee but then my bowels
have a surprise for me okay
here Marvin I got some paper towels
paper towels are not good enough baby we
need bleach
you might use bleach on our nice red
couch we have to get a stain out of the
Jimmy Butler Journey Marvin I have an
idea let's take it to the sink
downstairs and use Dawn dish soap it
gets oil off of duckies what come on
just trust me Marvin hey dang showing in
your bathroom and I can't pour this down
the sink what'd I go pour in the bathtub
I don't know okay
see you Marvin look the duckies I don't
know what that means just trust me
Marvin
you're getting it all blue Just Hold On
Marvin
see if look look at the thing it still
just looks blue and soapy Marvin trust
me go get the stain remover okay okay I
got the stain remover
don't dish soap are you sponsored by
them not sponsored I just love animals
okay so what do we do now Marvin go turn
on some extra light to make sure we get
all the stain out okay where's the light
uh
Frozen
oh my God how's the Jersey
oh pull that bullet okay
[Music]
Marvin what we'll get
look in the corner oh my God the garbage
disposal did that why did you turn on
the garbage disposal Marvin I didn't
know that's what the switch did how long
have you lived here I don't do the
dishes Chef Phoebe dies
why don't you grabbing scissors and we
can cut the bottom of the Jersey off he
doesn't know how long the Jersey was oh
that's a good idea Marvin but the
Jersey's still soaking wet we have to
dry it off we can put it in the dryer no
we can't have the Jersey shrink we have
to dry it off another way oh we could
get the iron oh yeah go grab the iron
okay oh my God those cuts are so bad
hunky boy in the tub oh no what if I
drown good thing I have a hunky
lifeguard watching me oh no I'm drowning
somebody needs to give me ass to mouth
hey Cody oh hey Jeffy what are you doing
here I'm gonna dump diarrhea in your
bath what what ew
okay let's get out of here come on all
right Marvin I have the iron it's hot
please be careful with it I'll be
careful with it burden hey dang I poured
the diarrhea in the tub while someone
was taking a bath why would you do that
Jeffy
sting but that's what you told me to do
no I said pour it in the tub not while
somebody was in it well they don't teach
you that in school Jeffy go stand in the
corner for how long six minutes that's
like like forever what if I starve okay
five minutes okay but if I die I'm gonna
call Child Protective Services on your
ass you're 18 years old Jeffy you can't
call Child Protective Services well in
that case I'm not gonna stand in the
corner go stand that ass in the corner
they'll have to make it four minutes
y'all think about it okay four minutes
just go one about three and a half oh
Jeffy I don't care how long you stay in
the corner I just want you to learn your
lesson one about two minutes go stand in
the corner all right I'll do it for one
see how I feel I feel oh my God what is
wrong with him why does he act like this
all right I'm back but Jimmy that was
only like five seconds I got scared of
what earthquakes we don't have
earthquakes in Florida Jeffy well I
thought I heard one what okay go to your
room and play video games will that make
you learn your lesson maybe just go to
your room oh my God why is Jeffy like
this it's his fault we're even in this
situation if he would have poured his
diary all over the Jersey we wouldn't be
doing this is it dry oh my God
what take it off oh okay
oh my God
I'm so serious
signature off Jeffy distracted me with
this Chit Chat oh my God what am I gonna
do we don't know oh I mean it's dry now
but oh my God take it upstairs
okay baby what are we gonna do this
signature is burned off the bottom of
its cut the top of it's still stained I
don't know what to do well Marvin hear
me out look
if we flip it over right it looks okay
on the front and we could fake the
signature and sign right here on the two
still cut the bottom part off and hope
he doesn't flip it over wait I mean yeah
yeah yeah we could just say that it was
always signed on the front the whole
time yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we can do
that yeah I like that yeah okay okay you
grab the scissors okay and you start
cutting cutting I'll grab a Sharpie okay
yeah yeah okay baby I got the Sharpie
okay I cut the bottom part off oh yeah
that looks real good thank you so I'm
gonna sign the two I forgot how the
signature looked just write Jimmy Butler
okay um I'll try
okay baby I just signed it Marvin you
writing card
fine Jimmy but Layman curse of it learn
how to sign my name in cursive you
didn't capitalize J look I did the best
I
just feel like sweaty man
Marvin what do we do now Jeffy get in
here yes daddy Jeffy when's the last
time you washed your balls strong two
weeks daddy do they smell bad well let
me check
yeah they're bad guys they're right okay
can you please rub this jersey all over
your balls sure daddy
There You Go Daddy pleasure doing
business with you oh god oh that's
disgusting Debbie oh my God okay I think
the Jersey's perfect oh Go Jimmy Go
Jimmy Go Oh Jimmy Butler okay there we
go I think I'm done watching highlights
should I wipe no because Jimmy doesn't
wipe because he's nasty and I want to be
nasty just like Jimmy I'm gonna have
dirty cheeks just like Jimmy should I
flush no because that's how nasty I am
if Jimmy's gonna be nasty I'm gonna be
nasty too hey everybody I'm back from
the bathroom did you have a good time
was the toilet nice was the lights
bright enough for you in there wow I
didn't know you guys were so interested
yeah I mean I [ __ ] a lot but I didn't
wipe because Jimmy doesn't wipe what a
good boy good pooper good job wow like
I'm getting weirdly turned on by this I
think I have an appreciation Kink
because it doesn't happen very often God
I need to go to therapy oh my God Jimmy
signed the front too that's so cool
because he signed the back in cursive
and it makes sense that he would do it
twice because Jimmy does everything
twice that's why he's almost 22. it's
two twice yeah he even shoots threes
twice that was a two yeah would that
make sense because it's like two twice
you know and then two is twice the
points of one yeah so you know what I
think you should do I think you should
walk home and only look at the front of
your jersey but I want to stay here and
watch the Heat game with you guys oh
that could that could only happen if we
had cable which we don't what are you
talking about you guys watch TV all the
time well we lost our TV remote so we
canceled the cable because we thought
we'd never watched TV again the remote's
right here oh well we still don't have
cable
look it's working you guys have cable oh
oh damn it but why damn it aren't you
happy you have Gable I'm just mad at the
whole situation
okay well I want to see the back of my
Jersey no no no no no no we've been
looking at the back of it all day why
don't we only look at the front of it I
mean the front's so cool it says heat
yeah it does say heat and hey I mean I
have heat on mine too but this is the
away jersey this is the home Jersey oh
thank you for telling us that you know
what I really like it I do really want
to see the back no no no no no no don't
look at the back because you don't want
to jinx Jimmy Butler before the game
it's a jinx to look at the the name of
your favorite player before a game but
it is yeah it's just like seeing your
wife on her on your wedding day it's bad
luck wow that explains why all of my
marriages have failed just because I saw
my wife on my wedding day Marvin that's
before the wedding uh before the wedding
if I ever get married again I'm not
showing up to the wedding at all I'm not
even gonna look at her oh okay well look
I think you should take a Jersey home
you know what I really do want to see
the back because it doesn't matter if
it's a jinx Jimmy Jimmy doesn't need the
luck okay
Jimmy what the [ __ ] happened my jerseys
are we to look at it we look at it if
you look at it really closely like look
at real close you see it it might look
burnt right it looks burnt yeah okay
that's because it is but but if you if
you remember Jimmy was on fire during
that game well yeah of course he was on
fire he's Jimmy yeah yeah he was
shooting threes and they're called the
Miami Heat because what they do is they
add this flame retardant the material to
the Jersey so when a player plays really
well they can light the player on fire
and you can only see it in person and so
after the game he was so hot during that
game that once he hand you the Jersey it
started burning up because it was
exposed to sunlight oh I mean everything
is saying makes sense and it makes sense
to be on the back too because he does
carry the team on his back yeah yeah he
played so good that day he carried the
whole team on his back and that's why
the back of the jerseys burned and
that's why he signed the front of the
Jersey too because he knew the back of
the Jersey was going to burn up and and
that's that's why that happened yeah
Jimmy you're so smart but still though I
don't remember the Jersey being the
short oh well the bottoms of the Jersey
they they burn off too because he gets
so hot down there from running around
his genitals oh yeah that's true Jimmy
does have a hot dick I've said that
about him it really heats up when he
plays okay I'm just really glad my
Jersey's okay yeah your Jersey's fine
it's exactly how it was it's what's
happened it happened okay good let's
watch the Heat game bucks are gonna win
yeah yeah well no they're not okay so so
shut up hey Marvin I think it should be
a boys only watch party huh how about
you go watch the WNBA oh wait I forgot
nobody watches that I'm gladly Burton
cut up your jersey what
[Music]