Jeffy stop clicking that pin I'm
practicing for what I'm trying to set
the record for most pin Clicks in one
second what's the record I don't know I
haven't hit the record yet but I think I
can do 40. there's no way you can click
a pin 40 times in one second Jeffy yes I
can Daddy it's easy it's light work then
show me all right mommy time me okay and
go one Mississippi all right how many we
got I don't know I was too busy saying
one Mississippi it was at least 20. no
Jeffy was like five more than you
counted wrong all right mommy let's do
it again okay and go one Mississippi
Jeffy you kept clicking when she was
done counting well it took my brain a
second to tell my finger to stop
clicking after I heard it what yeah I
thought I counted at least 35. no Jeffy
you only got like six if you take away
the ones you cheated you did like four
all right well then let's do it one more
time Mommy okay and go one Mississippi
you're still cooking when she's done
counting Jeffy well if you ain't
cheating you ain't trying Jeffy there's
no way you're gonna set the record for
40 pain Clicks in one second all right
well then I'll try to set the record for
most pin Clicks in an hour but Jeffy No
One's Gonna count for an hour I'm
counting we're not doing this
hey where are my Pingo
[Music]
breaking news in k a 21 year old woman
is selling her used bath water for 250 a
jar I have an exclusive interview with
her now so gamer girl69 tell me about
your business okay so I eat a bunch of
Taco Bell right and then I take a
massive dump and I don't wipe I jump
straight into the bathtub and then I
take a jar like this and I fill it with
my bath water and sell it for 250 a jar
fascinating and how many jars have you
sold I don't know like ten thousand so
you've made two and a half million
dollars on selling your bath water yeah
and I just bought my second house
well that's wonderful for you I'll
actually take a jar well you heard it
here first folks go ahead and get your
jar bath water for 250 dollars
ew this thing Marvin who would buy
someone else's bath water what are you
even supposed to do with it what do you
think it tastes like ew Jeffy it
probably tastes like germs and poop well
I'm sure she was naked in that tub yes
and she didn't wipe no you should buy
some as a prank no Jeffy that's
degrading to women yeah we're never
gonna spend money on something stupid
like that Jeffy well then can I save up
my money in my show no Jeffy go to your
room you don't even have a credit card
so you couldn't buy it even if you
wanted to damn it
jeffy's so weird sometimes I bet I can
nut faster than you Joseph no way dude I
got the fastest nut then let's race our
nuts all right bet one two three
I won dude I got the fastest nut there's
no way you cheated you pushed your nut
no you just mad cause I got the fastest
nut hey guys I'm mad what's wrong Jeffy
well there's this gamer girl selling her
bath water for 250 a month and he says I
can't buy any well that's disgusting why
would you want to buy someone's bath
water because she ate Taco Bell and
pooped in it ew that's gross dude but
she's hot oh
whoa whoa whoa
you didn't she's super hot oh my God
that would be so cool to own a hot
girl's bath water yeah and we need to
take turns taking sips of it oh I wonder
what it smells like oh my God
that'd be so cool okay so we could buy
some and do you think we put our hand in
the water we technically touched the hot
girl oh dude definitely technically yeah
but the only bad thing is she only
accepts credit cards we don't have a
credit card we're only kids wait a
minute why don't you go steal your Dad's
credit card that's a good idea Junior
I'll be right back
oh Marvin I'm getting hungry what should
we eat for dinner I don't know what do
you want cheese pizza oh cheese pizza
sounds good can we order one oh yeah let
me grab my credit card okay I'll order
it online but I'm a really slow typer
well look the credit card's right there
no Joseph I can only nut so many times
in a day dude we gotta raise
coming before the wall okay let's do it
hey guys I got your credit card oh my
God you gotta order
it's gonna be so cool
yeah oh dude you gotta get it it's a
sign yeah I want it tonight ordered oh I
can't do it I can't believe we can touch
hot girls bath water smell it and lick
it okay guys uh you gotta return uh your
Dad's credit card all right I'll be
right back don't get caught yeah okay
Marvin it's time to pay wait where's the
credit card what you lost it I didn't
lose it I put it right there I said
there it is you must have put it
somewhere I didn't touch it oh check the
couch cushions hey I can't believe you
lost it
I don't know where it is I don't know
how much like this because hey look
there it is
I just sucked right there you must have
found it and put it right there so I
wouldn't get mad at you Marvin this is
not my fault just order the stupid dumb
Pizza all right guys I'll return the
card back to my daddy okay Jeffy I just
thought of something whose name did you
order the bath water under well I had to
put my daddy's name because that name
had the matching name on The Car Smart
they can't trace it back to us dude yeah
we don't get caught buying this stuff
that must be it go get it Jeff you'll
get it all right
oh Marvin that must be the pizza there's
no way you just ordered it like 30
seconds ago well maybe they cooked it
really fast I put in the notes that we
were really hungry no something's not
right I'm gonna answer the door
I'll get it Daddy no Jeffy you stay in
your room it's just pizza and you don't
get any oh no hello hello here special
delivery wait that's not pizza oh it's
way better than Pizza Plus it's the
street shipping so if you have a
girlfriend she'll never find out but
there's no way you'd have a girlfriend
because you only desperate guys you're
these I ordered 20. what is it well
you'll find out oh okay was that the
pizza Marvin no is this weird package oh
maybe it's the drinks why would they
deliver the drinks and not the pizza I
don't know Marvin I don't know what it
could be well let's open it no no no
don't open it was like a bomb or
something what are you hiding something
nope
I don't know someone's throwing a prank
on me that's an expensive prank Marvin
250 dollars well I did not order this
you can check my credit card statement
okay fine
yeah it's not gonna be on there
it's like doing fraud or something
why you lost your card market so you can
order your gamer girl bath water no I
swear I did not order this okay fine
then I'm gonna pour it down this well I
mean that would be a waste of money just
to pour down the thing so you do you do
care about it no I just think we should
probably try to return and get the 250
back oh no
all right Marvin say bye bye to your
weird fetish water I did not order that
well then you won't care when I pour it
down the sink I'm not gonna care I just
think we should possibly try to return
it no because
I didn't order
let's go he's going my daddy entered the
door and he got the package and my mommy
made him pour it down the sink dude I
needed to taste that I wanted to brag to
people and say we had it I know but
fortunately I saved my daddy's credit
card information so we can order some
more Savage Oh my God she's selling her
dirty underwear and her dirty socks oh
dude get it get the sauce I need the
sauce I got a foot fetish I said it oh
there's also another option where she'll
send you a pizza that she stepped on
with her feet that we need that we need
that right now look look I'll wipe my
mouth with the sauce okay I said that I
got it yeah
ordered oh yeah yes thank you Jeffy oh
okay Joseph go look out the window when
the delivery guy comes out uh we'll run
out there and meet him so he doesn't
ring the doorbell okay we're gonna get
it this time yep you're sick Marvin sick
I told you I didn't order it well you
know what I'm gonna take a bath now and
I want you to pay me 250 for my bath
water but that's gross it's gross
because it's my bath water because I'm
not some hot gamer chick I told you I
did not order that water you know what
fine Marvin okay whatever guys says guys
he's pulling up Jeffy go grab it on it
hey whoa you're scared me I didn't even
ring the doorbell yeah there's your baby
sleeping upstairs I don't want you to
wake him up I hate kids here you go
thank you mm-hmm yeah you already paid
online yeah I know all right all right
guys I got it all right give me the
sauce another Pizza Joseph calm down
we're all gonna share no dude I can't
wait anymore all right who's Ray I am I
am
where are the panties where's the
footprint in the shops this is just a
normal Pizza we got ripped off
oh no do you think we got the wrong
Pizza yeah oh that must be the pizza you
sure it's not more gamer girl bath water
no it's not it's just a pizza yeah okay
daddy don't answer that Jeffy stay in
your room I'm answering the doors Just
Pizza well you said last time let me
answer it no Jeffy It's Just Pizza stay
in your room if you leave your room
again no electricity for a week I will
turn off the electricity to your room
geez yeah you stay right there you go
back in your room hello hey somebody
order a pizza or should I say feature I
already kill each time it's just a pizza
yeah sure buddy listen do not deliver
any of those disgusting packages to my
house ever again you got me in trouble
oh I get it of course I'll never deliver
anything disgusting to this house ever
again here's your package buddy okay
okay baby I got the pizza I'm surprised
it wasn't more bath water baby you said
you were hungry you ordered the pizza
let's dig in
I stepped on this for you too too Marvin
look gamer girl P.S I stuffed the crust
with my underwear
I did not order this actually I really
didn't order it you're the one who
ordered the pizza yes but I put it under
your name and I use your credit card you
must get this all the time no no no no
no you know I would not order a pizza
that was stepped on apparently in socks
36
37 I don't know there's a crust and
stuff with dirty underwear I promise you
baby I did not order this I would never
order this someone is screwing with me
but I do not order this
who who is doing this to me oh Jeffy it
sounds like your parents are about to
get a divorce yeah maybe don't you think
you should tell them the truth yeah dude
I don't have parents but if I could
bring them back over an apology over a
feet Pizza I totally would yeah I guess
I'll go do the right thing
Marvin my bags are packed and I'll send
you the divorce papers in the mail you
cannot leave me over this I did not
order this pizza or the bath water hey
Mommy hey Daddy I got a confession to
make not right now Jeffy I'm the one you
ordered the gamer girl bath water in
your feet
get a life or Marvin yeah I am pretty
great no no no no no Jeffy did you
really order all this stuff yeah I stole
your credit card when you guys weren't
looking see that's what my credit card
that's why we couldn't find it he moved
it Mervin are you sure you're not paying
him to say this for you I am not paying
Jeffy at all Jeffy am I paying you nope
see I am not paying him it was his fault
he's a jeffy's fault Marvin I'm so sorry
I didn't believe you yeah Jeffy you are
grounded as I should be you know what
I'm going to take this pizza straight to
the trash I'm going straight to my room
yes you want for two weeks with no power
yep I will turn the lights off right in
the trash is where this will be yeah you
go you get out of here
oh my God I'm glad you finally know the
truth
hey wait a minute
[Music]
you come with me get the top of your
head come on all right Jeff you're gonna
sit on this couch for two weeks no TV no
video games no electricity except for
the lights that are on in this room but
you can't look at it but look don't
don't ever look up you're not allowed to
okay so no electricity no fun just sit
right there grounded okay but you want
to know what doesn't use electricity
what
breaking the world record for most pin
Clicks in an hour start counting
[Music]