hey birthday boy how does it feel to be
40 please stop the big 40 I don't want
to be old Danny's old as s word I can't
cuss in the first 30 seconds cuz we'll
get demonetized but as soon as it hits
30 seconds I'm going crazy I just don't
want to be 40 that means I'm halfway
done with my life well how do you want
to celebrate your birthday Marvin um
stay home and sit on the couch no that's
lame how about we go bowling I don't
want to go to the bowling lanes and
smell bowling shoes well you don't have
to smell them Marvin but the whole place
smells like bowling shoes it's just
gross it's been 30 seconds [ __ ] [ __ ]
dick Jeffy stop it you know what what I
want for my birthday is I want you to
not cuss that's a lot to ask for Daddy
but I guess I'll [ __ ] do it Jeffy
starting now Jeffy why don't you go
downstairs and get Marvin's birthday
cake [ __ ] that I mean [ __ ] yeah I mean
okay Daddy's birthday cake I got to be
very careful that I don't drop it all
right you got to be very careful going
up the stairs you don't want to drop the
cake oh oh look I can use this rail to
pushy cake up there like a ramp good
thinking
Jeffy all right let's
get wait my shoes un tied guess I got
tie my
shoe loopy loop and pull I'm all done
tiing my shoe oh no Daddy's cake I can
fix this Jeffy can fix it it's okay
put that on there put that on your okay
that still looks good I'm coming with
your cake Daddy all right daddy here's
your cake happy birthday Jeffy I was
singing Jeffy what did you do to his
cake I didn't do anything to the cake
but the stairs sure [ __ ] it up Jeffy
you're not supposed to be curing that's
right thank you but Jeffy what did you
do to my cake I don't think you heard me
I didn't do anything to the cake the
stairs and the floor gang banged it what
what so there's a big mess on the stairs
well not so much the stairs as it is on
the floor but yes still the stairs I
can't believe you made a mess up my
birthday I got to go clean it up do you
want your very own badass limited
edition SML poster and would you like
that poster made out of metal well with
today's sponsored displate that is now
possible if you don't know what display
is let me explain they make steel
posters with vibrant High detailed
prints that don't just look good they're
the coolest way to turn your boring
walls into a gallery of your favorite
brands movies video games and more their
website has millions of designs from
official licenses as well as original
artists if you check out the SML profile
Link in the description you'll not only
see some of our favorites but this is
also where you'll find the official SML
display it comes in three different
sizes and displayes ship within four to
five business days so there is plenty of
time to get one for yourself before
Christmas another cool thing about
displate is they're incredibly easy to
put on just about any wall with minimal
risk of damage and no tools needed just
clean the wall stick on the protective
Leaf slap that magnet on there and
you're ready to go also if you want to
swap it out for another design it's so
easy even Jeffy could do it just pull
the first one down and slap the new one
on Boom new wall decoration in seconds
this plate is celebrating Black Friday
with their biggest discounts of the Year
up to 44% off just use the link in the
description or our code SML and for the
first time ever that includes premium
Textra designs with their tactile
textures and 3D cont toys it's the
perfect time to shop for Christmas gifts
go grab your disc plates and start
telling your story one poster at a time
and don't forget the official SML
displate it's the best one obviously
thanks to displate for sponsoring this
video oh my God look at this mess and on
my birthday I got to clean this whole
mess
up Jeffy hate him so goddamn
much who Could That Be hello why you
spit my face Goodman your house payment
it's due it's not the first I know but I
want it early because thanksgiving's
coming up see you give me your house
payment and I thank you Thanksgiving
okay listen today's my birthday so can I
just oh today's your birthday oh I'm I'm
so sorry Marvin hey World today's
Marvin's birthday so stop spinning hey
hey pilots flying airplanes land those
[ __ ] because it's Marvin's birthday
hey troops fighting Wars it truths truth
time wave the White Flag put the guns
down because it's Marvin's birthday hey
Kim Jung [ __ ] stop shooting missiles
into the ocean because it's Marvin's
birthday hey hey Vladimir Putin in his
panties stop [ __ ] with Ukraine
because it's Marvin's birthday okay I
get it yeah no one gives a [ __ ] so give
me your house payment listen I don't
have my house payment Marvin you know
what I do every single year on my
birthday I go down to Bing bong's
massage parlor and get a two for one egg
roll handy and do you think after I get
my two for one egg roll handy that they
don't want me to pay sure they do Marvin
because I got to cough up the dough
because I don't want ching chong
coughing up my load oh okay listen I get
it but I don't have my house payment God
God damn it Marvin I am not leaving your
house again empty-handed you're giving
me something off of you what what do you
want I want I want that turd on your
face turd on my face yes the thing on
your upper lip that you call a mustache
you give it to me or else I'm going to
rip it off you can't rip it off it's a
part of my
skin you'll get this back when you pay
your house payment Mr [ __ ] oh happy
birthday whip the hairs out of my mouth
ow who was at the door Marvin it was
good oh my God Marvin what happened to
your face you look so weird without your
mustache well Goodman ripped my mustache
off ew Marvin what are those red bumps
on your lip they're probably inflamed
hair follicles with my mustache being
pulled off my face D you look like
someone who identifies as someone who
sticks their wi in their butt Jeffy stop
talking you're ruining my birthday you
already made up mess with my cake and
made mess on the stairs but I put new
candles in your cake oh Jeffy that's
such a good idea why don't you go
downstairs and get the lighter so we can
sing happy birthday to Marvin okay why
would you tell him to do something you
know he's going to mess it up somehow no
Marvin don't worry Jeffy he's got this
no he's probably going to catch the
house on fire with the lighter oh mips
oh why you got herp hiips on your lip
hips my bibs I ain't got her bips on my
lips I don't have herpes okay it's just
just inflamed hair fogles well anyway I
was wondering if you got like two three
4 $500 no I don't got two three4 $500
why you need that kind of money well
because I see got a cousin named dooo
ass and he ain't wiped so good he got a
dirty booty so I was wondering if you
give me some money so I can get him some
toilet paper so he can wipe so good well
even if I had the money I don't think it
would help doodo ass wipe his booty cuz
his name is dudo ass so he probably has
a reputation not cleaning his ass man
you so green and selfish my BBS it's my
birthday oh well happy birthday mybs
what you give for your birthday you
asking me for money oh man you ain't
getting no car with some money in it no
no one gave me some car with money in it
all I got is this stupid cake oh this
your cake yes you like your cake no you
going to have your cake probably not can
I have your cake you know what [ __ ] it
have it take it o I'm going sell this
maybe I can get some money and get some
toilet paper for dooo ass oh you left
some cake for dooo ass here more dooo
ass cake more then you gave away your
birthday cake well it was messed up it
was a big old mess I didn't know no
one's going to eat it it's going to
taste like carpet and stairs but Marvin
it was your birthday Kake well Jeffy
[ __ ] it up
Jeffy stop crying you said I [ __ ] it
up you did Jeffy Jeffy Jeffy wait quick
quick quick light the lighter so we can
sing happy birthday to Marvin no light
it ready happy
birthday to oh Marin my phone's
ringing stop crying I'm quiet but but
you keep yelling at me shut up
sh what what why you crying what Marvin
my friend died your friend
died she died today how how did she die
they don't know Marvin but I was one of
the first 20 people to know oh okay well
listen um it's my birthday today and
she'll still be dead tomorrow so how
about we focus on my birthday but Marvin
I'm sad today okay well just act like
you didn't hear just it's a rumor but
you know what the fact it's my birthday
but Marvin I already shared it on
Facebook and Instagram and Snapchat and
I haven't got on Twitter yet but I'll do
that next okay well it look like you've
done enough for her and look she'll
still be dead and you can't bring her
back so just focus on my birthday hey
dadd you can blow out the lighter and
make a wish I wish my birthday didn't
suck so
much who's at the door hello there he is
the birthday boy now that's a
40-year-old grown ass man don't remind
me hey I got you a birthday cake where'd
you get that hey you know how they make
Smash Burgers well apparently they also
make smash cakes no they don't well
that's what the guy selling it outside
your house said guy selling outside my
house yeah and it must be some pretty
Gourmet [ __ ] cuz he charged me $300 for
it but hey I don't mind I go all out for
my friends on their birthdays you know
back in high school that's what they
used to call me goes all out for
birthdays Brooklyn we don't need an
animation you get it you spent $300 on
this yeah but apparently it goes to a
good cause cuz apparently his friend is
like paralyzed and can't wipe his ass or
something called him dooo ass he's not
paralyzed he can wipe his ass he doesn't
want to well take a bite of cake I don't
want any of that cake I'm not hungry oh
come on Marvin that's okay we can take
it with us take it with us where are we
going to the strip club I don't want to
go to the strip club I don't have any
money well you don't need money Marvin
you can just come on in they love that
they like it when you don't pay and you
just gawk at him I guess my birthday is
going pretty shitty you know what the
strip club might be fun let's go hell
yeah Marvin that's the spirit come
on look at that Marvin the front row is
wide open for the birthday boy you know
nothing says you're getting older like
paying a woman half your age to get
naked uh excuse me ma'am it's my friend
here's birthday today he's turning 40 ew
well how old are you I'm 20 oh you hear
that morvin that means when you were 20
she was just being born isn't that just
gross yeah well I don't make the rules
get
naked yeah I'm bored oh I see you want
some action uh excuse me ma'am we don't
have any money but it is my friend
here's birthday so maybe you could give
us some free Gaba ew no oh my God what
is that on your face what is that on
your face ew Marvin is that herpes no my
mustache got ripped off it's like a rash
or something okay well just in case if
she does agree to do stuff with us no
kissing me but I'm not going to kiss you
well the lights are going to be off you
never know what's going to happen pull
them boobies out doggey hey that's the
guy that sold me the cake I thought that
money was going to go to doodo ass it
was but he died last week he died last
week then why were you asking for money
well cuz I ain't know he died last week
well if he's dead then give the money
back to Brooklyn guy no because this for
his funeral then why you throwing it on
strippers because that's what doooo ass
would have wanted that's I'm going to
hit him I'm going to hit him ow Marvin
what the hell are you doing this isn't
the 40s you can't just hit women cuz
they won't bang you she got in the way
without I was trying to hit dogey that's
it you're under arrest for for what for
hitting a stripper it was an accident I
didn't mean to got don't okay come on Bu
you're coming with me well you're a cop
stop him sorry Marvin the strip club's
out of my jurisdiction bail me out I
certainly will try now ma'am I know you
said no because it looked like my friend
had herpes but what about me get in
there no please I don't deserve to be in
jail I didn't do anything wrong say it
to the judge when do I see the judge
well it's Friday and he doesn't come
until Monday Monday I can't be in jail
all weekend yeah tties BB oh man I don't
want to be in jail well well well is
that my birthday gift I see what today's
your birthday hell yeah it is and I'm
looking at a whole lot of cake well no
no today is my birthday too M well happy
birthday let me give you your gift I
promise I'd be gentle no no no please
you don't want me let me look at my face
I have herpes oh oh herpes oh that's
just a little bit of sprinkles I love
sprinkles on my cake no no it's herpes
it's very contagious very contagious
look herpes syphilis A's I love them all
oh let me catch them hey Marvin I
brought you a cake I don't want the
goddamn cake get rid of that cake no no
Marvin L ke a in the cake a I don't know
how Pig laddin works I I brought you a
key in the cake wait so why'd you put a
key in the cake well because when I give
you the cake you can take the key out
and unlock the cell and leave why you
just open the cell right now and get me
out I can't do that the cop is still
here hey what are you doing nothing just
confiscating this cake oh perfect well
Hey listen my shift ends right now so
can you pick it up and watch these
inmates for me ooh I don't know the
stripper just gave me her
number oh please dear God he can do it
he can do it stop him man so uh can it
yeah okay all right sweet Marvin why'd
you do that I really wanted to bang that
because because you cannot open the the
[ __ ] cage and get me out of here get
me out away for this guy oh yeah I guess
you're right but only because I go all
out for my friends on their birthday
open
it come on baby thank you so much for
bailing me out of jail what Marvin you
were in jail yeah he punched a stripper
wait why were you at a strip club look
it's his birthday if he wants to get his
willly wet or slightly hovered over he
can do that what listen baby just ignore
him I'm having the worst birthday ever
oh come on buddy don't say that you
haven't even had your cake yet why is
this cake F me everywhere I don't want
it well look I paid $300 for this cake
somebody's going to eat it I'm having
the worst birthday ever no one even got
me a gift okay selfish [ __ ] I paid
$300 for a cake for you but okay I also
got you this what is that that's the SML
displate available in the link in the
description for me for anybody who
clicks that link in the description
what's it made out of it's made out of
metal it looks like paper but it's not
it's metal oh my God this is the best
birthday gift I've ever gotten let's go
hang it up wait no I don't want a bunch
of holes in the wall well you're in luck
because it's magnetic boogie wogie wogie
that's electric Marvin you stupid
dumbass come on let's go hang it up yeah
best birthday gift ever hang it up all
right Marvin let's put this poster on
look at that you just stick it right on
there it is very crooked you didn't even
[ __ ] try is you can just adjust it
cuz you're not using yet it is still
very crooked okay well look I'll have to
is that
better it looks better to me I think
that looks beautiful it's pretty good I
you know what I like it yeah so go get
yours with the link in the description
okay please do it right now cuz we
really need to get Marvin some herpy
medicine or or a new mustache
[Music]