so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored I don't know
oh you guys see that Kendrick Lamar is
the halftime show for next year's Super
Bowl but dude it's going to be in New
Orleans it should have been Wayne well
Little Wayne hasn't made a song in 10
years but everybody loves lollipop they
remember the lyrics oh yeah I love that
song L lick like a lollipop dude those
are not the lyrics and that's not the
flow oh well I don't know the only
rapper I know is Puff Daddy Puff Daddy
yeah you know P Diddy he's my favorite I
just hope he doesn't do anything illegal
[Music]
breaking news m p didy has been arrested
and charged with multiple heinous crimes
involving women men a thousand bottles
of baby oil and hitting people and
wrestling naked just a bunch of bad
things his trial is later today oh come
on puff first AR Kelly and now puffy why
do all my heroes keep doing this
remember when I used to just sit back
watching The Cosby Show with a Subway
sandwich while listening to Arelli and
Puff Daddy all at the same time well now
I can't do anything of that cuz it's
ruined cuz they just can't keep it in
their pants consensually with people of
the right age the only thing keeping me
going now is my dream of meeting Rich
Homie Quan he's the only rapper still
alive that hasn't done anything wrong
yeah that'll be the day do we tell him
hell no dude he'll lose it tell me what
uh nothing oh okay I'm just going to
Google Rich Homie Quan meet and greets I
just can't wait to meet him oh no no no
I wouldn't do that why not because uh I
I was thinking about Christmas gift
ideas for you and you just said that so
now I want to get you a rich homie Quan
meet and GRE uh for Christmas really you
do that for me oh yeah so just don't
Google them a thanks Junior I just hope
these accusations against Diddy don't
stick I mean 1,000 bottles of baby oil
nothing should stick to that I mean it's
not like he beat up his girlfriend in a
hallway at a hotel and dragged her by
her hair I mean there'd be footage of
that yep that's the spear dude yeah that
that definitely what no nothing nothing
nothing let's just sit here and wait and
see what the verdict is on P didy
Okay order order order order I am the
honorable Judge poar and today we will
be hearing the case of sha Diddy comes
AKA P Diddy AKA Puff Daddy AKA love Mr
coms you are being accused of throwing
freak offs where you did unspeakable
things to
women and men
[Laughter]
yes and when the police raided your
Mansion they found over 1,000 bottles of
baby oil in fact BFF could you please
search Mr Diddy I think he might have
more baby oil I like that Daddy
scrambling and scraping and
[ __ ] right more baby oil I thought so
could you please check all of him to
make sure there's no more that there is
there's in the sleeves we'll check maybe
the back pot even more even more baby
oil what are you sure is that all of it
if you're sure that's all of it we can
move on thank you well Mr coms there's
no reason for you to have that much baby
oil so I find you guilty hold up judge
before you say anything I will like to
make an offer $50 million cash in my
mama's house paid off and my kids cell
phones they don't need them shits anyway
and I won't go on Google anymore I ain't
searching up anything and to top it off
I got a video of me piping Justin Bieber
and honol Lulu what you say judge no no
that doesn't take back what you did all
right judge how about this me and you in
a closet for 5 minutes and you take that
take that take
that I I'm sorry judge he had more baby
oil I didn't search him good enough I'm
sorry guilty I sentence you to life in
prison but I will give you 24 hours of
freedom to get your Affairs in order man
I only got 24 hours left of Freedom
before I go to prison for the rest of my
life what should I do should I say
goodbye to my kids should I go to church
n [ __ ] that we doing the hugest did
already known a man one last hurrah oh
yeah the biggest freak off guys ever
seen I'm talking about prostitutes on
prostitutes and more prostitutes and
don't forget the baby
oil man ass did I forget the man ass
take that take that take that take that
no I wouldn't suggest doing that no
whatever you're going to jail
anyway breaking news P didy has been
sentenced to life in prison but he has
been given 24 hours of freedom to get
his Affairs in order we have a video
message from P Diddy himself that we
will play
now oh what's up it's me P Diddy see
they try to give me a lifetime in prison
but that don't mean a party ends cuz it
never ends we having one final freak off
freak off of the century make sure you
there uh invite your grandma your mama
your uh I want men I want women uh more
men oh please please invite the men I
need more men there uh sweaty bodies I
got a baby oil we about to get freaky
tonight make sure you there oiled up and
toyed up all the toys
there guys I know Cody life in prison
that's harsh no no I mean this is our
last chance to go to a diddy party why
would why would you want to my bad you
go for it okay I think you owe him a
Coke why would you why would you want to
go to a diddy party dude well then you
hear him it's going to be the biggest
freak off ever anybody who's anybody's
going to be there yeah you're right
LeBron is is going to be there he said
there no party like a diddy party yeah
and LeBron's a good basketball player so
he knows what he's talking about and and
Leonardo de Cabrio might be there and
and he's good at movies so anybody who's
good at anything is going to be there
but Cody we're not 18 we can't go to a
diddy party yeah you're right if only
there was someone we knew that was over
18 that could chaperon us hey guys Jeffy
you have to sneak us into a diddy party
what's your Diddy party a party with a
big ass bed in the backyard with a lot
of women and men don't forget the men so
boobies uh-huh we're going
hey wait but hold on guys we have to ask
our parents' permission what really yeah
of course we're not 18 yet so we got to
ask them I'm going to go ask my mom and
dad I'm going to go ask my dad I don't
have to ask anybody cuz I don't have
parents well I don't have to ask anyone
either but I'm still going to go piss
off my daddy all right put your head in
the back baby you don't want to get in
the way Mom Dad what is it Cody can I go
to a diddy party hell no you can't go to
no damn Diddy party but why not well
because Cody me and your father were
going what yeah your mama volunteers
this tribute it's true I want a piece of
ddy no I want a piece of ddy well we can
both have a piece of ddy fine but I know
he going to choose me cuz I'm a man but
but no butts Cody we're saving that for
the daddy Party come on Tyrone I want to
be one of the first girls all right baby
bring your Spider-Man butt plug a uh dad
what do you want junior me and Shi are
about to go to the Diddy party what you
guys are going to the Diddy party uh duh
we were invited of course we're going
we're no losers but I wanted to go no
you're not going to a damn Diddy party
you're a kid junior what's wrong with
you I just really wanted to go I was
going to ask your permission well maybe
when you're older you can go wait this
is the last one sucks for you all right
Chef P let's go to this ddy party and I
better not see your Caboose running
around naked what oh man Marvin dinner's
ready oh man wait what is this it's an
everything bagel Marvin what where's the
cream cheese no no cream cheese we're
eating healthy now Marvin this is an
everything bagel it means it has
everything you need in a meal but I I I
need cream cheese no hey Daddy I'm going
to a diddy party no you are not Mister
without me driving you come on Marvin
wait eat your dinner first my dad said
no my mom said no my daddy's coming with
[ __ ] yeah Marvin I just don't want to
eat in everything bagel I'm hoping
there's other food there well is there
any way we can go with you guys hell
yeah I don't even know what happens at
these parties come on CY this Diddy
party is crazy yeah I told you guys I
haven't seen Diddy yet he's probably
just getting oiled up for the big finale
yeah freaky ass oh look there he is oh
he's right
there attention everybody Welcome to the
Diddy party ain't no party like a diddy
party you know what you got to do get
filthy get dirty I want to see fluid
everywhere let's get nasty big big big
man want people to know your name then
you got to take that you want to taste
the fame then you got to take that want
to fly on the jet then you got to take
that want a penguin as a b then you got
to take that want to be like Bieber then
you got to take that going to give you
did it fever when you have to take that
going to oil up your cheeks cuz you got
to take that let you have a little Fame
make you want to take that have a party
last a whole week a week show you why
did it called a freak I'm a freak might
put something in your drink in your
drink then bend you over make you turn
the other cheat make a quick meal from a
leap from a leap give daddy a little
sneak peek let me peek you know my
stroke game on fleek oh F don't worry
though baby I'll be me the male
prostitutes I need them slicker than
butter be careful while you walk don't
slip in the puddle at cuz if I catch you
naked then that booty in trouble need a
team full of men tell me who want to
huddle give you the bill cos special
afterward we going to cuddle the take at
the parties are you ready to tussle when
you start to get dizzy don't get scared
of the Chuck get down on the knuckles
get my balls and jugle my ball what I'm
about to do is a crime a CME turn around
suck it from behind from behind you get
loud you let out a wine yeah I'm puff d
and now you mine you know Diddy going to
D with a mic in his hand banging ass
like a drum like I'm making a band let
me oil of that ass cuz you dry the sand
you got me so rocked up take these drugs
in my hand all right Mr Diddy party's
over you're under arrest for throwing a
freak off when you're not supposed to be
doing anything illegal oh man I better
go pipe man ass before I get arrested
Diddy no diddling didd he no diddling
didy no diddling oh man now come over
here and let me arrest you with these
little fuzzy hand CS you have here
rats order order order well welcome back
Mr Diddy your 24 hours of Freedom are up
and I see you've added new charges by
throwing the biggest freak off ever was
it worth it was it worth
it [ __ ] yeah all right Diddy get in
there wait where's my sexy ass F mate
the judge ordered for you not to have
cellmates for you know obvious reasons
man who am going to use all this baby on
how did you even get that I strip search
you yes you did but you didn't check one
place now take that take that take that
come on no I'm good you can keep
it have a party last a whole week a week
show you why did it called a freak I'm a
freak might put something in your drink
in your drink then bend you over make
you turn the other cheek make a quick
meal from a leap from a leap