guys we got our first 9 weeks report
cards dang it dude I was so close I
could have had all L Joseph how did you
get a d bro I turned in a piece of
homework what how do you expect to get
all FS if you're turning in homework I
don't know I wasn't thinking next time
I'll try less yeah try less harder next
time guys I'm on my way to Harvard
because I got all a did someone say all
a oh God it's Billy oh come on Billy
come on dude why are you here well I
heard you guys talking about AIDS and I
didn't know if someone wanted some more
AIDS Junior I don't see very many Aids
on your report card you want some more
AIDS we don't want your AIDS Billy why
because nobody wants AIDS you're trying
to poke you with an AIDS needle we don't
care about AIDS I mean AIDS is pretty
cool no it's not you're not cool and
you're not funny go away oh I am so cool
and funny you're not supposed to be cool
and funny you're supposed to be scary
aren't you supposed to like make traps I
make traps I make traps you have not
made traps in a long time all you do is
try to poke people with that stupid AIDS
needle I totally make traps now you're
just the AIDS guy now yeah you're not
funny and you're not cool oh I could
totally be funny knock knock who's there
it's okay that's it let's go to a movie
Ken wait wait wait wait you're supposed
to say AIDS who AIDS who you have AIDS
God damn it let's
go come on J let's leave wait guys where
you going we were just the phone was
just getting started listen we don't
want to hang out with you Billy we're
not your friend you're not funny and
you're not cool and you don't even make
traps you don't think I'm funny cool
I'll show you funny and
cool where am
I hello Cody I would like to play a game
oh no the TV's upside down no you're
upside down oh that explains a lot
actually uh why well I want to play a
game you'll notice your in two ropes one
rope will set you free the other rope
will release the two bowling balls
crushing your head the decision is yours
uh I'd like to pull the rope that makes
me not die but which one since you're so
smart make the right decision okay I
have a question why are you doing this
well you don't like me the only thing
you like is balls so let's see how much
you like balls crushing your skull okay
but like how is this supposed to teach
me a lesson like do you not like that I
like balls how does that affect your
life personally are you like a homophobe
or something no I I love homos I I mean
no homo I'm not gay or anything but I'm
not a homophobe I I have a friend that's
gay I I think like like he gets a chubby
when watching football but like have you
seen football players asses jiggly as
 I mean I wouldn't mind letting them
give me AIDS sounds like you might be
gay dude anyway did I forget to mention
that the Rope you pull that saves your
life also means you have to be my best
friend like I'm talking hang out okay
all right man sure I mean like really
hang out like go to the movies and get
the same popcorn and drink out of the
same slushie yeah that sounds fine and
also we have to like start texting each
other good morning and good night and
stuff and start Snapchatting each other
and we can like share our locations are
you like asking me out no no are you
like asking me out cuz cuz gay am I
right also like you can't talk to that
kand doall anymore cuz I want to be
exclusive I'll even tell you which rope
oh all right yeah tell me which rope
it's the left rope buddy okay I'm just
going to pull the right one then oh damn
he must have gotten his rights and lefts
mixed
up what the hell's going
on well well well if it isn't PJ CR Shaw
P Jam's CR Shaw jamy James crall that's
my name don't wear it out but seriously
though why am I here bro what's going on
well PJ crall you're the coolest kid
ever damn right so whoever you say is
cool is instantly cool yep so I want to
play a game the machine you're typ 2 can
slowly Crush you there's a cell phone
next to you if you call everyone in your
contacts and tell them I'm cool I'll let
you go so what's it going to be PJ quaw
no man I just don't think you're that
cool no seriously just like pick up the
phone maybe tell a few girls I mean even
just an Instagram post saying Billy is
cool or something n man I I really don't
want to flood Instagram with Spam posts
I mean it's not a Spam post you don't
even have to say I'm cool than you just
like cool like like Hye me up dog like
say I'm like baby grank or I'm the
funniest guy you've ever met or
something no man I just don't want to I
don't think you understand you will
literally die by being crushed to death
slowly you you could even just keep the
post for like 5 minutes and then take it
down you could even say that you call
like hat no can't I really don't you
understand this will literally Crush you
to death it's got to be what it's got to
be listen if you just say right now that
Billy is cool like like no post no phone
call like literally just right now say
Billy is cool I'll let you go
Caba he died the way he lived so damn
cool oh
what wait what's going on dude Joseph
wait what's happening to us I don't know
where're is some type of contraption
help
help wait Joseph that TV is turning on
what hello Joseph M Jr oh God it's Billy
dude what the hell does he want what do
you want Billy come on you aren't happy
to see me no and we don't want to play
your stupid games yeah dude well I think
you're going to want to play this game
it's going to be fun yeah I don't think
we're going to like your game if you
would just give me a second to explain
you might want to play so Junior you are
ripped to a guillotine and if it drops
it will decapitate you Joseph you are
attached to some spiky wall thing that I
made and if it closes you will be
impaled to spiky things on a wall let me
guess all these nails have AIDS actually
no no Aids on all those Nails oh that's
surprising dude only One Nail doesn't
have Aids on it but all the other nails
do have Aids on them I ran out of eights
oh so you're probably wondering Billy
how do we get out of here without dying
well each of you have a remote with a
green button on it and all you have to
do is press the button on your remote
but Junior if you press your green
button Joseph will die and you'll be set
free and Joseph if if you press your
green button Junior will die and you
will be set free so what are you going
to do kill your friend and save yourself
you decide well I'm never going to kill
my friend yeah dude we're best friends
forever so what happens if we never
choose huh well if neither of you
decides who DOD within 10 minutes you
both go free oh well I guess we both
won't press the button for 10 minutes
yeah dude that's easy oh yeah sure you
can do that but let me go ahead and ask
you guys a few questions Joseph would
you say Junior's girlfriend pelia is hot
nah dude so you think she's ugly I mean
pretty much yeah Junior how does it feel
knowing that he thinks you have an ugly
girlfriend I mean he says that all the
time I mean I like that he's not
attracted to my girlfriend oh okay well
um Junior would you say that you were a
racist no I'm not racist I'm literally
friends with Joseph he's black yeah
that's my Nigo okay well let me ask you
a question would you ever say the nword
like ever uh no see that's my dog he
wouldn't do that he know better okay
well completely unrelated question what
happens to a little kid's knee when he
gets older like like his knee is smaller
when he's a kid but it gets bigger when
he's an adult what does his knee do it
grows but but what grows I I don't
understand what could be growing his
knee you aren't being specific with your
answer say it in a complete sentence
what does his knee do his
knee what just just answer the first
question what what do you think his knee
does his knee what are you saying I keep
trying to answer the question you keep
interrupting me just answer the first
question even if I interrupt don't let
it stop you what does his knee do his
knee
grows he said the N word he said it he
hates black people what a racist Joseph
what do you think about that huh you
want to kill him huh bro you hate black
people no he tricked me no I didn't
trick you arth think junior said it as a
hate crime I think he was just
expressing how he truly feels that's not
how I feel Joseph I promise really dude
yeah ask me another question I promise
I'm not racist okay if you had to get
rid of one holiday I mean erase it from
existence the history behind it its
significance everything which holiday
would you get rid of Christmas or juneth
dude you better choose Christmas oh hell
no I'm not getting rid of Christmas
Christmas is amazing everyone gets
presents bro my freedom is a present
well think about this look this
Christmas trees and Santa Claus and
Christmas lights look without that
juneth my freedom would not exist that
would mean I would be a present to you
and and that's not fair okay just
straight up Joseph I think slavery is
wrong but if you were my slave I would
give you presents I'm pressing this damn
button congratulations Joseph you can go
free oh thank God dude but wait wait wa
wait to be free you have to be my new
best friend Ah hell no you can kill me
right now in the worst
way why does nobody want to be my friend
[Music]