do me a favor what do you want Jeffy can
you throw this baseball as fast as you
can at my eye why would I do that Jeffy
good y'all want to see what a Bad Seeds
when they hit your baseball Jeff you
don't need to see what that looks like
wearing it one point out jumpy why would
you do that really hurt look like well
oh I thought with a ball hit me in the
face and then it hurt doctor she said
I'm not gonna throw a baseball at your
eye get someone else to do it honey you
get your black eyes no favor
we saw okay you win mr. hippo I was
supposed to be a donkey oh okay anyway
can you do me a favor and throw this
bass boys fast as you can my eyes sure I
love throwing baseballs let me see it
okay
get ready for the super fast double
decker fast he makes fast don't send
fastball special okay you get a wicked
boo-boo on your eyes you should get your
mommy to kiss you my mommy's in jail
mine too best friends forever
okay okay see you later miss Raymond see
you at school
all right class today we have a guest
speaker it's a cop do I smell bacon crap
how incredibly inappropriate all our
crap
now remember hide your Rhodes we're not
here harlot
well you might get all rested yeah well
anyway I am to guest speaker I um the
bacon I guess but I'd rather you call me
office of Brooklyn tea guy now I'm here
today to talk to you about why police
officers are your friends in that you
should be nice to them okay but you know
as a cop I guess I should probably start
out by saying you know don't talk to
strangers and all that unless they get
money I mean you know how that goes you
know like he said don't do rugs with the
D in front of it it's bad but mostly I'm
just here to tell you why you should be
nice to me and the kind of things I have
to deal with on a daily basis so every
morning I wake up next to my fat wife
who spits in my coffee and tells me I'm
worthless and that'll never amount to
anything so obviously I've got a lot of
rage built up after that so I pull over
the first car I see just the very very
first one I just really let him have it
you know I just really lay into him I
just turned off the old body cam and
really give it to him I'm tasing them
hitting them with the Taser I'm just
done just on beating them up right but I
have two that I've got all the rage out
of my system so the next car I pull over
I just let them off for the warning
unless it's a hot chick you know then
you know maybe you show me a little
something that all that you go you know
there's this one hot chick oh I pull her
over every single day she's like why are
you pulling me over I'm like you know
why come on show me let me see him
that's right
she's got the best Pokemon Cowen's mmm
mmm I'd give her a slowpoke if you know
what I mean anyway yes oh oh Jeffy oh
you're here what happened to your eye
oh yes well oh we gotta fight no I think
you gotta [ __ ] look at his off
with a bear no the final family of bears
no party Joe jump out of a burning
building and land on your eye well would
that be cool that'd be so cool
and he said yeah what happened Jimmy
tell us what happened yeah it was
something cool Oh something cool yeah
it's something cool oh that guy you guys
going here she'll cool yeah what
happened all right this is exactly one
half hey hey was I talking Oh were you
talking because I'm pretty sure I was
talking Hey look at this look it says
guest speaker right here in chalk that's
me I'm the guest speaker I came here to
talk today unless you have a better
story to tell
all right come on up here come on and
tell you a really cool story no I wanna
hear your story about how much of a hero
you are and how you save lives every day
like me come on no come on up here I
want to hear it yeah if you don't there
tell your story
yeah tell us okay come on up here big
man can't wait to hear your story that's
a nice black guy you got there you know
I had a black guy one time you want to
know how I got it
I was saving a dog from a hot car and I
opened the car door too fast and hit
myself in the eye but I still saved the
puppy so yeah all right let's hear your
stupid story all right so this is this
story on how I got my black eye so I
woke up this morning all right the story
is pretty similar to mine so far but go
ahead and I heard on the news that
dairies are building on fire yeah I'm a
firefighter so that doesn't really not a
big whoa but there were 45 babies
trapped on the top floor
yeah really yeah and no fire fire was
brave enough to go in through your
burning building because it was too hot
oh no and then I saw that there was the
only work for Jimmy until I ran into
your building and I jumped over your
fire and I ran all the way up to the top
floor and all I did we started grabbing
all the babies so I was holding 45
babies now we're trying to run out of
your building as fast as I could
but I got the mini media but I cut the
baby with my foot so I was hopping and I
realized it yours no way out so I had to
go to the top floor of your building so
on the roof of the building and look
down I said I'm gonna get down from here
but yours no way down so I had to dig
quick try hurry up
yeah I made a parachute I mean the baby
diapers it's genius
jump down yeah parachuted to safety
oh thank god landed safely on the ground
popped out in between the earth and he
said oh I'm hungry for baby and I said
no mr. Rajah babies are not on the menu
today and and then you pump in yard
Godzilla only using one of my eyes and
one of my foot you know I still hopping
on my foot I bring his face and I beat
him up and then and and then all the
babies got adopted Wow oh my god that
was the most beautiful story I've ever
heard
yeah you're a hero yeah you know I take
my shirt it in my hat
so you deserve it kkuk last place champ
in him he's a hero he saved those babies
and he saved the world everybody cheer
hero hero hero you know how you
[Music]
breaking news okay a 15 year old boy has
saved 45 babies from a burning building
and then he saves the world from
Godzilla we have a Brooklyn tea guy now
with a live press conference Brooklyn
thanks Goodman I'm here with Jeffy the
true American hero who saved 45 babies
from a burning building and then kicked
Godzilla into space
yep sure did Jeffy we'd like to present
you with this WUSA medal the world's
Savior award we'd also like to present
you with this the saving babies from a
burning building medal for all those
babies you saved from that burning
building oh you just called me to change
I'm out here oh okay we're getting word
now from scientists who are saying that
there was no earthquake recently and
that there's been no seismic activity
your mom is showing signs of seismic
activity ouch ouch ladies and gentlemen
he's not just a hero he's also a burn
specialist what hey they have father of
a hero what's going on hey you can call
me to change Oh out here I'm making
moves daddy yeah your son's a real hero
he saved 45 babies from a burning
building and he beat up Godzilla oh he
did all that yep sure did daddy yeah
didn't you see the news he's him get the
black guy to prove it
well actually know that I'm looking at
it you have a black eye - how'd that
happen oh my son Jeffy threw a baseball
at my face wait what or don't you
remember daddy
he got jelly gave me the black eye oh
yeah oh yeah Godzilla gave me this black
eye yeah he he started flying and his
wings hit me in the eye
well Godzilla doesn't have wings oh yeah
his tail hit me in the eye oh yeah yeah
that makes a lot more sense yeah I'm so
glad my son Jeff he told the truth in
and said he saved all those babies and
and did beat up Godzilla like do you
have proof that any of this happened
well I mean there are some questions I
mean we don't know anything about a fire
happening recently and they haven't been
able to prove that there was an
earthquake but he had the black guy so I
believe him you know but anyway I'm just
gonna leave you two alone you have fun
being a hero
sheppy explain why you lied to the
entire world and said you did all this
stuff that you didn't do what day I was
going to tell my friend
what really happy with my black guy but
they wanted to hear a cool story so I
had to make up something cool so that
they thought I was cool
chubby you lied to the entire world now
they think you're some hero or something
you didn't do it Jeff you know what
you're gonna sit here and think about
what you did because I have not raised
no wire but day nothing bad is gonna
come of it well y'all will see jumpy hey
oh hey friend don't call me that Yolo
dial 1 I about I know how you really got
that black guy and you didn't really
save all those babies and I know
Godzilla personally and you sir did not
fight Godzilla he is a nice man so we'll
see who the real hero is next time a
building catches fire why are you
wearing shoes stuff let's just watch TV
[Music]
okay there is currently a hospital that
is on fire with 50 babies trapped inside
the fire department and emergency
personnel are currently not responding
because we know that the hero Duffy will
arrive shortly to save the day pampers
has already air-dropped the box of
diapers to the top of the hospital so if
Jesse gets to the roof he can build
another parachute out of diapers and
glide to safety
Jeffie if you can hear us we need you
now more than ever
well would you look at that Jenny
there's a hospital on fire with 50
babies in it and they expect you to save
them so go save them I didn't expect to
do it again what are you doing jumping
I'm turning off my ears - oh I can't
hear you anymore you can't just turn off
your ears w how it looks
Jenny you can't turn off your ears if
you can hear baby Jeffy thank God I
found you there's a hospital that's on
fire their fifth wheel hold on don't
waste your breath he can't hear you why
not because he just turned his ears off
y-yeah he just turned his ears off yeah
apparently he can do that well can he
turn it back on this is an emergency
Jeff he can you turn your ears back on
for the nice firefighter man please
all right Danny my ears are back on what
job okay there are there's a hospital
that's on fire and there are 50 babies
trapped on the top of the you're just
gonna turn us back off Jimmy you listen
to the man let's head to him back on
turn my ears back off did you even
listen to the firefighter now listen
okay Jeffy there was a hospital that's
on fire and there are 50 babies trapped
in the top and then in the top floor
Jeffy but it wasn't right that barn dang
Jeffy there are 50 babies trapped in the
top floor of a burning Hospital and you
are the only one that can save them well
I can't do it right now what what are
you talking about there's no time for
this we need you to save those babies I
don't feel good what we can't have
you're not feeling good those babies
need you yeah Jeffy is there something
you need to tell the nice firefighter
you know maybe you should tell the
firefighter the truth is there something
you need to tell the nice firefighter
man maybe but what was it what was I
supposed to get from that
what you trying to tell you was you
tried that he's a liar he didn't save
any babies there was no earthquake if
there was a Godzilla there was no other
babies he didn't do anything he just
threw a baseball as I wait you telling
me he didn't really kick godzilla into
space
no cuz gods doesn't exist so he made all
of this up he made it all up he's a liar
oh my god what are we gonna do we gotta
save those babies from the burning
hospital well why don't you call the
fire department they all quit because
they thought he could handle it was they
all quit yeah I was gonna quit - I just
put in my two weeks notice well then
you're the only one that can save the
babies more do I look like a firefighter
yes you can go say those babies get in
there and save those babies you really
believe in me yes you can go do it go do
it okay yeah yeah you're right this this
is my chance to finally prove my wife
wrong I am where it's something all
right yeah I'm gonna go save all 50 of
those babies yeah you go do go save all
50 of those babies
[Music]
breaking news okay it turns out that the
Jeffy kid was a liar he didn't save
anyone he's a straight-up liar anyway we
have a new hero in town firefighter
Brooklyn T guy who just ran into the
burning hospital and saved all 50 of the
babies we have an interview with him now
Brooklyn did you say I saved all 50
babies because I didn't I mean I only
saved for I mean that there's still 46
babies left in that building back there
I mean it's it's really hot in there
okay I mean you can see it that that
buildings on fire it's really it's
really hard to breathe okay I mean I did
what I could I save for I mean one of
them get a little burned but oh wait
never mind it can we cut that
no no it's live well I mean I'm still a
hero right I still get a medal
right I gotta say five babies for the
medal
what are you kidding me have you seen
that building oh no I'm not going back
in there it's not worth a medal for that
no it is it is way too hot in there well
I saved for I'm happy with that you know
that's that's for more than that Jeffy
kids saved I'll tell you that
yeah but we talked about that haven't we
talked about how he lied okay made me
look like a fool on national television
yeah there's no way he saved 45 46
whatever babies from that building over
there I couldn't even save more than
four he only saved for hey there hey
buddy how's it going well I learned that
fire as a hot and babies are heavier
than they look
yeah yeah so you only say four yeah yeah
I did you know I wanted to save more but
I didn't because it was hot and it was
fire like everywhere just you know like
fire just all over the place like right
up in my face and I couldn't breathe but
you know I still save for babies which
is four more than either you two loses
so yeah Jeffy well I hope you learned
your lesson I hope you learned your
lesson to tell the truth all the time
and to always be honest because lying
always get you in trouble it's always
better to tell the truth and to be
honest you turned your ears often.you
Jeffy
[Music]