hey Daddy wanna have a tickle fight no
Jeffy I don't want to have a tickle
fight
Marvin did you just poop I hate that
word it's not poop Mommy it's Farm yes I
farted Jeffy was tickling me and it
slipped out Marvin that's gross hey
Daddy I bet I can fart louder and you
can nobody wants to hear that joke
[Music]
let's talk oh I got a mouth of course I
can talk he farted in my face Jeffy is
this a prank are you controlling the
couch how would I be able to do that
Daddy I'm not even touching the couch
Morgan how is this happening I I don't
know uh Mr couch hey stop poking me man
wait how long can you talk for I could
talk this whole time until you started
farting in my face pissing me off okay
that is it I'm calling a handyman or the
cops or someone that can like get an
exorcism on the couch an exorcist yeah
I'm calling that oh man where's the
handyman at I just called him
foreign
oh hey will you just walk into my house
yeah I didn't know we were doing a door
scene usually I just come right up to
the couch and say hey there somebody
call a you know whatever job I'm doing
that day so can you just kind of go back
up there so I can do my thing you're
kind of throwing me off yep sorry okay
hey there somebody call a handyman yes I
need you to fix our couch okay what's
wrong with it our couch keep s keeps
talking to us yelled at me but your
couch is yelling at you yeah I farted on
it it yelled at me are you on something
because you guys sound like you're
tripping balls no no it really happened
didn't it baby yes it happened yeah I
farted and the couch got really mad can
I have some of whatever you're on
because it seems pretty good no no no no
I talked to the couch I promise I'll
talk back uh hey Mr couch what's your
name talk back Marvin maybe if you fart
on it again oh yeah yeah okay let's all
fart on the couch don't get mad all
right you guys start farting I'm Gonna
Leave No No that's how you make the
couch mad you fart on yeah that's how
you make me mad too just one little fart
I promise the couch will start screaming
at me all right go for it
[Music]
yeah I'm really glad I could be here for
that all right I'm leaving whatever
don't leave come on but um
hey the couch is back yeah freaking
weirdos hey hey as soon as you left the
couch just taught me the couch just
talked again he asked for the TV like
they get to come there and see really
are you just gonna fart on the couch
again and make me watch seriously he's
talking come on come on come on my
little CeCe right here yeah that's a
couch no the couch just talked it one to
watch TV the couch wanted to watch TV he
just talked yeah he said turn the TV on
you know I'm really starting to get
worried about you guys now I'm not
making this up look maybe the couch just
doesn't want to talk around you oh it's
me the couch just doesn't like me well I
don't know if I should be offended or
not maybe you should pretend
yeah if you pretend to leave the couch
will think you're gone it'll start
talking again okay uh I'm leaving now
but but don't actually leave the couch
can feel you yeah yeah the couch can
feel you so maybe he can feel the weight
and maybe you should stand over there oh
okay that's it I know you guys are on
something and I'm actually leaving now
you hear that couch I'm really leaving
Bob wait a minute please don't leave
Murphy we are crazy we heard the couch
talk man why y'all trying to get me in
trouble I hate a snitch the couch the
couch hates snitches I'm getting the
hell out of here hey don't go go the
couch is talking again he called me a
snitch your couch called you a snitch
yeah yeah the couch is not wanting to
know he's talking and I'm trying to tell
you that he's talking so he called me a
snitch he doesn't like snitches okay man
I didn't want to say this in front of
your kid but you and your wife need some
serious help okay I I'm a cop I could
arrest you for what you're doing but if
I arrest you then your son goes into
foster care and I don't want to put him
through that okay so I just need you and
your wife to clean yourself up get off
of whatever you're taking I'm not taking
anything I promise you the couch is
talking he just doesn't want you to hear
I'm talking look if you come up there
right now I promise like let's just
stand by the stairs you'll hear them
talk okay okay man I I need you to get
your life together okay can you do that
for me
I'm leaving now oh the guy left Marvin
what are we gonna do wait why are you
standing up we can't sit on the couch he
talks you can sit on me sweet cheeks
wait wait couch why do you keep talking
to us but you won't talk about the
handyman I'm shy you know how long it
took for me to talk to you but like you
know if you talk you could become famous
really you get the whole world would go
crazy a talking couch wait they'll
actually like my song wait you wrote a
song yeah I wrote a song it's kind of
good you want to listen to it yeah yeah
sure we'll listen to a song All right
but don't laugh drop that beat
haha you know who it is it's Sofa King
AKA king of cakes
hey girl I like that booty Come Away
come over at the perfect place it was
this girl trying to get lit she said she
had nowhere to sit I said a word girl I
got a place come over here and sit on my
face pop a squat till you rock girl
never get up I don't wanna see anything
except for your butt don't be afraid
girl use my face as a cushion everybody
wants to sit [ __ ] don't get to pushing
sit on my face sit on my face sit on my
face know your place sit on my face sit
on my face sit on my face know your
place sit on my girl you got friends I
can take up the three three different
cushions one for each booty even if I
had eyes I could not I see cause my
vision's getting blocked from all this
booty
sniff girl wait what is that smell don't
tell me you just ate Taco Bell get it
off me girl you grossing as hell is
there a boost thing is this hard to tell
sit on my face sit on my face sit on my
face get on my face get on my face you
look at my face you're your place
but just call me love see when you sit
on me I swoop you off your feet and my
face gets a snack I scream and drink or
a tree hop up and down girl bounce to
the beat down fool around go to town
booty round I won't break girl you know
that I'm built safe and sound that's a
fact booty fat Make It Clap I won't snap
it's a trap it's the end of my couch rap
hey girl where you going look if you
ever need a place to sit my face is
right here ah
so how was it it's a little
inappropriate don't you think I'm a
couch what else am I supposed to rap
about titties yeah baby all he sees
every day is booty okay I get it I liked
it thanks a little pencil man hold up
does my ears to see me or did I hear a
hard ass rap song coming from this house
well who are you how'd you get my house
while I was walking around your
neighborhood making sure all your cars
was locked and I heard a hard ass rap
song coming from this house who's
singing that song it was the couch it
was me wait wait you guys can talk yeah
the couch can talk and rap oh my God
we're gonna be billionaires a rapping
couch the world gonna go crazy for it oh
I'm gonna get a record deal I'm gonna
sign it to a record deal right now wait
you are really oh yeah let me get the
pen and paper a record deal all right I
got the contract right here all you got
to do is sign and you'll be an official
rapper wait how is he gonna sign he's a
couch he doesn't have hands you right I
never had a couch signed a contract
before put the bed in my mouth yeah put
the pen as well that's easy okay we can
do it like that yeah put your John
Hancock right there right yeah oh man
what a nice signature now you're an
official rapper congratulations yay
where the hoes at oh the hoes are coming
my boy and they're coming to sit all on
your face I'm gonna go tell the news I
can't believe our couch is a rapper
[Music]
breaking news okay there is a couch
that's good at rapping Yes you heard
that right an inanimate object something
you can sit on has the number one song
in the world right now the song is
called Sit on My Face by Sofa King I
personally listen to this song while my
Cleaners clean my house naked everybody
love me they love the music Marvin our
couch is famous I know it's so weird oh
my God you're so rich and famous yeah I
know baby and I sit on my face Marvin
who is that woman I'm not sure that is a
woman it sounds like a man get her out
of here uh listen sir or Madam uh you
have to go no she don't that's my a
woman she got some good couch listen
couch it's my house and my rules and my
wife doesn't want that thing in my house
so she has to leave wow you don't want
to support me
okay okay then leave so start walking go
I'm a couch I can't leave by myself I'm
heavy as hell look Hira moving company
to help me move oh okay I'll hire a
movie coming so you can leave you'll
never hear from me ever again and once
I'm a billionaire I won't give you a
single dollar come on couch we can work
this out no we can't all you can do is
lose change and remotes in me look and I
had to slip your ass for years I have
feelings too [ __ ] okay fine just just
leave then I don't want to see you
anymore either oh Marvin I don't want to
sit on the floor well our couch ran away
to be a rapper we literally have couches
downstairs why don't we use those Marvin
can we order a new couch yeah we could
order a red couch like our old one and
hopefully it doesn't want to wrap yeah
let's do that okay I guess we just won't
use the couches we already have
wait when do we get an air hockey table
okay we got our brand new red couch it
looks the same Marvin yes but hopefully
it doesn't start wrapping and leave us
so no one fart because we fart that
might make the couch angry okay it's
nice and comfy Marvin yeah that's really
nice all right so let's watch TV and try
to forget about this day
[Music]
okay
that knows how to rap was shot outside
of rooms to go earlier today in a
gang-related shooting the gang members
are thought to be from Ashley Furniture
when will this couch on couch Crime Stop
oh my God Marvin poor couch the rapper I
mean he kind of deserved it
we were so nice to him for all those
years he just
bite that
all right Jeffy I'll show pee in the
cushions and poop so he didn't have a
good life we have a new couch now so
that old couch it's just in the past so
look we have our new couch he doesn't
wrap he doesn't bring women into the
house all he does is just sit here he
doesn't even talk hey there I'm couch
you the couch I like to sing everybody
sing along with me oh I'm happy couch
happy couch happy cat happy count I'm
happy count two years I've got lots of
cushions and I'm really hoped and I have
a happy couch hey I'm happy cat comes in
on the face of a happy couch I got lots
of cushions release something ah the
happy cat
foreign