the cow goes moop and the Pig goes oink
and the dog goes whoop and the snake
goes and the snake goes Marvin the snake
goes and there sheep goes Jeffy what are
you doing I'm practice in my bat swing
so I can play baseball and get paid $100
million and if I'm really good and I eat
my food with Chomp sticks and I'm good
at math and have a tiny wiener then I'll
get paid $700
million practice somewhere else Marvin
will you pass me the Frog yeah I'll get
you the
Frog get up [ __ ] oh my God Marvin are
you okay Mommy I think I killed daddy oh
my God I'm going to go get a doctor hey
Leo somebody call a doctor yes Jeffy hit
Marvin in the face oh a puzzle oh I love
these things the frog goes well that
actually depends on the species of frog
you know every frog sounds different
this looks like it could be R clamitans
although now that I'm really looking at
it I think it's lithobates ctis bionis
yep that's what it is the lith Bates cat
lius
goes the [ __ ] just in my diaper
goes you missing a chicken yes I know
but can you please help Marvin Jeffy hit
him in the face with a baseball bat
there's always something going on around
here is Marvin going to be okay well he
might have a concussion is that bad nah
the Miami Dolphins quarterback gets him
all the time he seems to love it I want
your brother H Jeffy you can't have a
brother oh really not letting them have
black friends in 2024 what's wrong with
you what Martin Luther King had a dream
that's not what he's talking about Oh
you mean like a brother I thought you
meant like a like a brother you know
like a homie well listen kid that's not
going to happen either not unless your
mom starts giving it up which according
to Marvin's texts she's not excuse me
all I'm saying is maybe give to man some
poo poo every now and then can you
please just help Marvin out that's what
I'm trying to do he's starving for some
poo poo with the concussion I don't know
try giving us some poooo that I want to
poooo well listen I think we're all
getting distracted the best way you
could possibly get something like
brother is making friends but who has
time for that so I think the only thing
logical to do would be to clone yourself
which I don't usually do cuz that
involves a toaster oven and that's not
my machine but I do have something that
might help let me get it Eureka the
clone gun what's it do well you see
scientists all over the world have been
trying to make a clone machine so they
can clone organs for organ transplants
or to clone food to end world hunger but
I think that's stupid I think it'd be
cool if you had like a really hot nurse
and you wanted to have a threesome with
her so you cloned her and you had a
threesome with her in the Clone and then
it wouldn't be weird like if they were
twinss because then it would be incest
and that would be gross but if just her
and her clone then there's nothing wrong
with that but see the problem is
whenever I've done it the Clone doesn't
want to do it cuz she's always like well
I'm not gay for myself so then whenever
I clone the girl I tell her try to think
about being gay for yourself I'll
explain why in a second but then every
time I do it the Clone still doesn't
want to have the threesome and I'm
starting to think the girl I'm cloning
doesn't want to do the threesome either
anyway what I was saying is the flaw
with this machine is whatever you're
thinking about when I clone you that's
how your clone's going to act so if
you're thinking about funny jokes then
your clone's going to tell funny jokes
or maybe just that one joke over and
over again and if you think about scary
stuff then your clone's going to be
scary so what you should do is think
about however you want your brother to
be okay okay okay you got it
yep help me step brother I'm stuck stick
in my pooper what were you thinking
about the Hub oh well see the cool thing
about this clone gun is if you turn it
this way you can beat the Clone to death
and start
over Okay now what you should do is
think about how you really want your
brother to act you got it okay okay
hello hi uh Jeffy what were you thinking
about world domination I'm going to go
take over the
wi H okay so let's try again and this
time don't think about that okay okay
all right oh damn it I'm all out of
cologne what's the cologne for well the
clone machine runs on cologne what kind
of cologne Axe Body Spray does anybody
have any Axe Body Spray no oh yeah I
forgot we're not in a middle school boy
locker room H well I guess that's it um
you have an evil clone on the loose and
Marvin should be awake by now I'm
getting a little worried about that we
probably should have addressed that
first and I will send my bill in the
mail oh my god look the
news breaking news an evil doctor
scientist that is now for sale on
smlmerch.com link in the description is
threatening to poison the world's water
supply we have an exclusive video of
that
now I've done it I've finally done it
with this I can finally poison the
world's water supply with nuclear piss
and the best part is no one can stop
[Music]
me who somebody should really stop him
wait aren't you a cop no I'm a doctor
what what the hell how did that happen
go stop
him okay fine you know I really thought
this job was going to be me handing out
speeding tickets and abusing my power
but now I got to do
responsibilities now how am I going to
poison the whole world's water supply I
could either dump all the nuclear pits
into the river or I could rob a bank and
then use all the stolen money from the
bank at a gas station to buy all their
bottles of water then I'll use the
nuclear piss to poison the water bottles
and hand them out to Hurricane Relief
victims it's
perfect hello welcome to the bank how
may I help you yes I would like to
withdraw $20 million from my bank
account ra from checkings or savings
move out out of my way you're going to
give me all the money in this bank or
die sir sir please I'm going to need you
to take a number and wait your turn I'm
sorry what take a number and wait your
turn I am holding a firearm in front of
your face you do know that right this is
bulletproof glass oh we'll see about
that H well I will um go sit in the
lobby and wait my turn thank you I can't
believe I have to wait I don't have time
for this I'm trying to take over the
world yeah tell me about it I hate the
bank number 53 number 53 but that's
[ __ ] I'm number 49 number 49 tells
me for number 53 sorry man hello sir how
may I help you today yeah I just wanted
to ask about opening up a money market
account oh yes of course well first
we'll just kidding give me all your
money haha this is bulletproof glass oh
sorry actually can you just come down
here for a second sorry what was that
give me the money oh I God can't take it
yeah that's right you see this face this
is the face of the man that's robbing
you never forget this face a come on I
was going to do that sorry man next
number
49 yes 911 someone just robbed the bank
give me the rest of the money in the
bank sir please I'm on the phone oh
sorry take your time sorry 911 that was
just a rude customer yes someone just
robbed the bank thank you how may I help
you give me the rest of the money in the
bank give it to me we don't have any
money he stole it all how much money is
in my account you don't have an account
with us sir don't have an account I
would like to open an account all right
we're offering a $20 sign up bonus if
you're military no well is anyone in
your family military no would you like
to still open an account sure all right
you need $5 deposit to start a checking
oh come on I don't have $5 why do you
think I'm grabbing a
bank ah yes a gas station there has to
be money here give me all the money in
the register oh don't shoot come on man
didn't you get enough money from the
bank yeah you're right you can have this
one thank you give me all the money in
the register is that a Nerf gun hey man
can I borrow your a real gun yeah sure
than thank
you give me all the money in the
register okay please don't shoot I have
a family yeah that's more like it okay
here you go what is this well business
at the gas station has been slow lately
all right well I'm going to go shopping
and you stay right there hey uh can I
have my gun back oh sure thank you for
that
yeah okay now I'm going to buy cases of
water so I can poison them let's see how
much money do I have
203
$45 hey how much is a case of water 79 9
damn $7.99 for that price you're robbing
me let's see $7.99 a case I have
$45 that means I can get five
cases yeah hold on I have four more
that's okay take your
time that's a lot of water damn this is
heavy I'm very thirsty can that
you guys don't want to help huh
nope okay how much oh let me see that'll
be
$39.95 here all right thank you now give
me the money that he just gave you oh
darn it here go it's right oh I could
have done that the whole time I could
have bought so much more
water have a nice
day finally my plan to take over the
world is almost complete now all I have
to do is finish poisoning all these
water bottles and then hand them out to
Hurricane Relief
victims and some for
you and some for you and some for you
who the [ __ ] is he talking to yes and
hey stop it oh no the police well you're
too late I've already started poisoning
the world's water supply
okay five cases of water is not the
world's water supply yeah well it's
going to be once I save up more money
and buy more
water why don't you just steal the water
you know you being evil and all stealing
water well I mean that's just plain
wrong you're trying to poison people
that seems pretty mean so how do you
even know if that piss is poisonous oh
you don't believe that this is poison
well allow me to prove it to you
is that enough poison for you
huh is it
po wow that was really easy well I did
it I killed him wow you're really good
at your job thank you you know not
enough people tell me that oh what is
going on wakey wakey sleepy head you
missed the whole video really what what
happened oh nothing much just Jeffy got
cloned his clone turned out to be evil
and he tried to take over the world by
poisoning the world's water supply like
really yeah but uh don't worry his clone
is um uh dead no no he's for sale on
smlmerch.com link in the description
yeah the lith baates ctis bingus goes
[Music]