all right Mommy I made you a Krabby
Patty it looks delicious Jeffy thank you
eat it okay no actually put it in your
mouth and chew it and swallow it but
Jeffy it's Play-Doh
okay uh Jeffy look that way
delicious good I'll make you three more
baby you don't actually have to eat it I
know Marvin but I don't want to hurt his
feelings
what's wrong Jeffy nothing look Marvin
the news is on
[Music]
breaking news okay Tom Brady seven time
Super Bowl champion is getting divorced
by his wife I have an exclusive
interview with him now let's go to that
okay I'm here with Tom Brady wow you're
tall you want to be one of my defensive
lineman no Tom I don't want to be part
of your football team but how are you
taking the divorce divorce I'm getting
divorced yes your wife filed for divorce
this morning oh that sucks I guess well
do I still get to play football yes oh
good that's all I care about well how
are your kids taking the divorce kids I
have kids yes Tom you have three oh well
the only three things I know is I lost
three Super Bowls it makes me sad well
do you even remember the names of your
three kids oh I'm no good with names
let's see one of them's got to be Tom
Brady Jr and then I think one of them's
Gronk and then Patrick sounds familiar
oh look a football football I like
football uh Tom Tom we're in the middle
of an interview here excuse me football
Tom come on stop stop it Tom hey we're
talking about your kids here oh yeah my
kids wait who got custody it's split
between you and your wife 50 50. oh well
as long as I don't have to see him on
Mondays Thursdays or Sundays or days
when I have practice actually she should
probably just hold on to them for a
while well now that you're divorced Tom
how much longer are you gonna play
football well I don't have a reason to
quit now so I'm just going to keep
playing till I'm dead oh is that a
football
well you heard it here first folks Tom
Brady is distraught after the divorce
Tom Brady's getting a divorce that's so
sad I guess it goes to show that money
can't buy you happiness you know what
money can buy you a big inflatable Pony
with light up nipples Jeffy talking old
disco tits hey guys have you seen my
spatula right here scrambling up some
eggs oh God now I can't use it [ __ ]
people did you hear that Tom Brady got a
divorce what Tom Brady Mr Gold himself
Mr bath yeah you got a divorce
finally my chance your chance for what
my chance to marry him
Supply receiver no he would marry me
instead of you
that you well no no I want to be married
to Tom Brady instead of you he's the
goat he has seven rings and I want to be
one more ring on his finger
Choose You Marvin he's gonna choose me I
got a huge
Circle you
throw an ass in a circle I can throw
mine in a circle better no look at my
ass clap
he wants to hear Minecraft oh look at my
ass clap no my Cloud's louder like a 70
000 people that clap for his ass in the
Super Bowl no no it doesn't look
like oh both of you baby does mine clap
no Marvin you look ridiculous oh look
Tom Brady's gonna choose me to be his
wife instead of you no he's not he's
gonna choose me watch this guy
all right Jenny you want to see me lift
this weight you can't lift that weight
yeah I can Junior I can listen like 10
times
see I'm lifting it okay what you dropped
it no I didn't drop it I unzip my pants
in my giant Wang fell out and hit the
table that's what you heard no you
dropped the weight no it's my monster
weighing serious question how hot am I
skeleton one through ten well your
Hunter is a guy thank you but I need a
rating as a woman Chef PeePee why are
you dress like a girl no I'm not Chef
PeePee I'm Serena the hot Latina goddess
with a huge Stumpy
okay but why are you really dressed like
a girl oh because Tom Brady single
that kid hey I've seen the video okay he
kisses his son in the mouth and we're
about the same age right just as good of
a chance as anyone else but Cody mommy
it works Daddy I don't know Jeffy okay
guys how do I look
at Blue I shaved off my mustache and put
a wig on Daddy did you tuck your wiener
in your butt I sure did Jeffy Jesus
Margaret what is happening well did you
hear that Tom Brady's going on the show
The Bachelorette he's gonna choose one
lucky woman to be his wife Marvin I
don't know how to tell you this but
you're not hot enough sure I am if looks
could kill it would kill a boner I'm a
doctor so he can mentally check you out
and to get your wiener removed yeah baby
I need that to happen hey there somebody
call a doctor yes doctor fix my husband
he's broken my Daddy's got his weiner in
his butt hey there beautiful what's your
name oh dear God well I haven't chose my
woman name yet wait what that's Marvin
my husband he's dressed like a woman hey
don't judge that's normal now well I was
thinking my name could be Margie ew no
or Maggie no I don't like that either or
Marissa I guess that's kind of hot can
you just tell me what's wrong with him
or why you dress like a woman well Tom
Brady's getting a divorce he's going on
The Bachelor to find a new wife now wait
a minute you're telling me the go is
getting divorced and he's looking for a
new wife and that could be me oh dear
God not you too hey I always told my
wife if I could be with another man it
would be with Tom Brady and now I
finally have my chance well you better
back off because he doesn't want to be
with you he wants to be with me if you
really think he's going to be with you
instead of me yeah
with either one of you guys he wants me
with a supermodel girlfriend yeah well
look how that worked out she's divorcing
him yeah Tom Brady should just lower his
standards a little bit like maybe like a
middle-aged Man In A Wig you know men
know what Tom Brady wants and that's to
play football I'll say it with the kids
I don't give a [ __ ] I mean he can just
play until he's 80. I don't care just
never come home just keep winning you
know telling the goat not to play
football is like telling a plane not to
fly or telling a boat not to swim or not
swim boots don't swim what the hell
boats do like float yeah telling a boat
not to float I want to root be afloat
I'm getting distracted look Tom Brady's
gonna be mine no he's not gonna be yours
he's gonna be mine he's gonna pick me
over you okay well I'll show you I'll
show all of you yeah we'll see about
that I look hot you're watching The
Bachelor hello and welcome to the
bachelor today's Bachelor is Buccaneers
quarterback Tom Brady hi I'm Tom Brady
I've won seven Super Bowls he sure has
so now let's meet the eligible
bachelorettes first up we have Marissa
hi Tom I'm love you next we have Brock
oh my God is that Tom Brady is that the
gold look how close I am to the gold I'm
in the same room as the goal then we
have Carly hey Tom your ass looks real
nice in them pants ah final Bachelorette
is Serena hey Tom oh let me deflate them
balls baby oh yeah come on come on I'll
do it you're not a cheater not in my
eyes okay Tom you're gonna go on a date
with each of these four women well look
at there there's four of them just like
the four quarters of a football game oh
okay Tom I'm gonna need you to focus
you're gonna take all these women on a
date and then you're gonna decide which
one of them you want to marry okay let
the dates begin oh I'm a little nervous
so uh tell me about yourself oh me uh
well uh Tom I'm be honest with you I'm a
dude I'm just like a whole ass dude you
see the mustache but I mean I'll be
honest I wasn't gonna win this
competition anyway I mean have you seen
the other women they are smoking hot no
I didn't stand a chance but uh I mean
while I have you here I I I've always
wanted to meet you so like could you
please sign my jersey yeah sure I mean I
know you don't play for them anymore but
it's the only one I got so I really
appreciate it if you could just just
sign that uh to to my biggest fan no uh
my my best friend Brooklyn tea guy from
the MF and go but like actually write
out the words [ __ ] goat Tom
Brady and then uh just write your phone
number because I mean I might not win
this competition but I still want to
like hang out and be friends and I want
to show my friends at the bar like hey I
hang out with Tom Brady we're friends so
if you could just do that for me that
would be great thank you so much Tom
this means a lot to me hey don't ever
retire okay just keep playing football
till you die all right just just promise
me that okay oh man I mean hey if you
still want to marry me after this I'll
do it I mean no homo but like I'll do
whatever you want okay so keep that in
mind okay thank you thank you so much
Tom how do I think the date went
I'd say it went pretty [ __ ] good who
do you know that has a personalized
signed Tom Brady Jersey yeah no I think
the date went pretty well how do I think
the date went well I think it went
pretty good you know Brooke is pretty
interesting she was fangirling a lot had
me sign a few autographs she had a
mustache but you know I think it's
pretty nice to have a woman who supports
my football career haven't had that in a
while hey time get in the hot tub it's
nice and warm I peed in it for you
yeah that's right hey Tom you want to
see how long I can hold my breath
underwater take your pants off
[Music]
how would I say the date went well I
went snorkeling for chode and came up
empty so I'd say that's a thumbs down
Carly's weird this is a lovely dinner
Serena
thanks Tom I made it just for you your
favorite Avocado Burger oh look at there
there is an avocado I read it in your
book the tb12 method oh my God look at
you on the cover you sexy [ __ ] you oh I
fondled myself to it every day
thank you would you like some confetti
with your burger you know winners love
confetti I do look confetti and I've won
seven Super Bowls yes you did you
deserve to celebrate there you go oh you
know what Tom I want to show you what a
real woman can do can I show you huh huh
that's a candle it is a candle imagine
it as your candle I don't have any
candles my wife took him in the divorce
I'm lucky okay I don't think I'm hungry
anymore oh playing hard to get who you
sexy bastard how do I think the date
went well he digs me I made the man
dinner okay you know what they say away
to a man's heart is through his stomach
I'm going through the penis Serena came
off as a little desperate but I like
that she read my book and she knows I
like avocados and she's got a fat
dumping wait wait what did he say about
my dumpy yeah yeah that's right that's
right everybody can get a piece it's
super fat everybody want this dumping
okay Tom I thought the best date for us
to go on is go to the movies so I just
sit here yeah you sit there and watch
the movie and relax I don't know what
relax means I mean you just sit there
and do nothing and watch the movie but
when do I play football you don't play
football oh well I haven't been to a
movie in years the only movies I've ever
seen are The Blind Side and Remember the
Titans and the longest yard and the
remake of The Longest Yard with Adam
Sandler and The Waterboy with Adam
Sandler and Air Bud but the football one
well this movie has nothing to do with
football oh it doesn't but where are you
going how do I think the date went well
um I don't think he likes sitting down
for too long or relaxing I think he just
wants to play football he's Marissa a
man because she kind of looks like a man
in a wig well Tom you just went on four
wonderful dates so now it's time for you
to choose one of these women to give one
of your Super Bowl rings to no pick me
please stop pick me
pick me who's it gonna be
please Tom please pick me pick me pick
me please Daddy please
I choose football I love you Football
let's run away together huh I didn't
know that could happen sorry ladies
better luck next time yeah choosing
football that's the goat yeah that's
where he's the goal what you choose
football over this dumper come on you're
lost Tom well I tried well though I look
like a fool I shave my mustache for no
reason well how do you feel now that you
embarrass your entire family on National
Television Marvin it was on TV yes
Marvin the whole world saw you dress up
like a woman to try to marry Tom Brady
and where did it get you back at home
with your wife why do you tell you no
Danny did your winner come untucked from
your butt I'm sorry everyone I guess I
just have to realize that I'm stuck with
my normal stupid life gee thanks Marvin
what what the hell is that
oh look Danny it came when you stuck
from the ceiling now eat it
[Music]