Jeffy get in here what do you want you
have a package from your Aunt Ernestine
who's that she was here at Aunt Jessie
and she died two days ago [ __ ] while
shipping you this package jeez and it's
been outside for two days so you should
open it all right here I go
she got me a puppy but he's been outside
for two days with no water in a hot box
Marvin we need to call a vet I'll go get
the vet
hey there somebody call a doctor yes
doctor we really need your help wait
what's with that button oh the Gay Pride
button yeah if I wear this and the
hospital thinks I'm gay and they don't
make me do male physicals because they
think I'm gonna like it too much which
is fine because I don't like touching
balls and I get to be a gynecologist and
not wear any gloves and then afterwards
I can suck my fingers like I got done
eating baby back ribs I want my baby
back baby back baby back baby back chili
please baby back ribs barbecue sauce
anyway what do you need so his aunt
Ernestine died well I'm sorry to hear
that but if she's already dead I can't
help her oh no we need a vet why do you
need to vet for his dead Aunt no I need
a vet for this dog why did you mention
Ann Ernestine it's part of the story
we'll skip this story and tell you about
the dog okay so this dog was shipped
here two days ago in that box and that
box is outside in the hot sun you left
your package outside for two days no it
was in jeffy's name so we didn't know if
we could open it or not well did you
give the dog any water we didn't know if
we could give him water well of course
baby write that down okay I got it it's
a miracle this dog's even still alive if
it survives you should name it Miracle
well I was gonna name it Winn-Dixie why
would you name it Winn-Dixie you didn't
find it in the wind Dixie that doesn't
make sense he looks like a Winn-Dixie he
doesn't look anything like the dog in
that movie well I'm still naming him
when Dixie all right it's your dog but
just give Win Dixie some water all right
Jeffy we don't have any water here so
take him to the gas station give him
water okay come on Winn-Dixie
[Music]
something like the other guy fine I will
take my business elsewhere holy [ __ ] do
you have only look PT Cruiser 2007. oh
my God you're right it's a PT Cruiser
2007. I tell you all the time I always
want to be the cruiser 2007. let's give
me if you'll sell it to you oh great
idea uh
nice score thanks sweetie Cruiser 2007
how much she's not for sale
what what did that little [ __ ] for me
sorry about my friend you have a nice
day sir you do
all right Daddy I just got Winn-Dixie
some water all right drink the water
drink the water Jeffy you need to put it
in a bowl no he can learn to drink out
of his straw or he'll have nothing at
all
good boy all right Jeffy me and Mommy
are gonna go watch a movie tonight are
you gonna be safe home alone yeah I
think me and Winn-Dixie are just going
to go to bed all right good night Jeffy
come on baby let's go to the movies all
right come on Dixie all right Win Dixie
it's time to go to bed but first
what's wrong Wing ditchy You couldn't
possibly want the bone that I chew on
every night before bed you do all right
well go get it
why does it do that all right Winn-Dixie
good night
foreign
[Music]
2007 from the jerk off at the gas
station he wouldn't sell it to you they
say we take it with pleasure
you ready let's go pitch that mother
heifer a lesson that PT Cruiser 2007 is
mine all yours
soon you will be mine my baby
brother we're going to the break-in by
posting no more of them why not just
open door with door code what do you
think the code is what year is PT
Cruiser 2007
oh well it was 2007. all right we're in
time to find keys to PT Cruiser 2007 and
get out but bro it could be anywhere in
here where we better start looking
yeah
keys are not under the table keys are
not under chair either
oh look brother is cute ball from gas
station with football where our kids to
PT Cruiser
okay
dancing
what do you kill with stupid brain okay
oh where's PT Cruiser yeah where is it
tell us if you want to live again
holy [ __ ]
Cruiser 2007. let's get out of here
[ __ ]
thank you
[Music]
look brother we did it PT Cruiser 2007
is dream come true and it drives better
than I thought it would let's take it
back to shop duh
watch a movie about a bomb I thought
that timer was going to be the sequel to
Pinocchio what oh my God
Jeffy are you okay oh my God
oh my God someone killed his dog
okay hey Leo somebody call a doctor yes
doctor someone beat up our son wait more
buttons oh yeah see I found out June is
gay pride month and if you're gay you
get that month off and I really want
June off next year so I told Henry and
HR that I was gay but he didn't believe
me so then I kissed Julio the janitor in
front of him to prove it but then he
caught me brushing my teeth and throwing
up immediately after so I decided to
wear all these pins to hopefully
convince Henry I like knob anyway what's
going on with you guys the dog is dead I
told you to give it water no someone
beat him to death oh I didn't know you
guys were friends with Michael Vick hey
can you give me his autograph no no like
someone random beat him up and someone
beat up Jeffy too oh wow what happened
they killed my dog and stole my car huh
that reminds me of the time somebody
killed my dog and stole my car wait that
happened oh yeah let me tell you about
it so back in the day I had a wife and
then she died it's not really clear how
she died like I guess she had cancer or
something I'm not really sure but what
matters is that she died and then after
she died she gave me a puppy not like
she came back as a zombie or a ghost and
gave me a puppy she just like had it
delivered after she died I'm not really
sure how she arranged that but what
matters is that I I had this dog okay so
then I go to the gas station in my 1969
Mustang and it's a really nice car and
then these two Russian gangsters there
and they tell me how much they like my
car and they want to buy it from me and
I tell them it's not for sale because I
like it too much and that pisses them
off so later they come over to my house
and they beat me up and they kill my dog
and they steal my car and now I'm really
pissed off and what they don't know is
that I'm a legendary Hitman and nobody's
supposed to mess with me so I want
revenge also I'm friends with the Green
Goblin like he's not literally the Green
Goblin he's the actor that played the
Green Goblin Willem Dafoe but the whole
time you're watching it you're like
that's the Green Goblin so I get revenge
on these guys right and I shoot a bunch
of people and I kill all of them and I
get a new dog and then my daughter calls
me and she's on vacation in France with
her friends and we're talking on the
phone and she's telling me how it's
going and then she gets kidnapped while
she's on the phone with me and then I
get on the phone with the kidnapper and
I tell them how scary I am and how I'm
gonna track him down and he doesn't
really seem to care so then I fly over
to France and then I kill him and find
my daughter and then on the flight home
I find out that my plane is full of
snakes and I have had it I am sick and
tired of these monkey fighting snakes on
this Monday to Friday plane and then I'm
a fish working at the whale Wash and I
want to be famous and I also owe a bunch
of money to this puffer fish in his
jellyfish henchmen so I decided to
pretend that I killed a shark and then
everybody loves me and they think I can
protect them from sharks and then real
sharks show up and then after that I
fell asleep so I don't really know what
happens also I was voiced by Will Smith
oh wait a minute yeah none of that
actually happened to me those were all
movies I saw recently but still you
should get revenge Jeffy because what
they did was messed up you're right I'm
gonna kill them all be careful Jeffy oh
and then I was a little red crab and my
friend was a mermaid who wanted to be
able to walk
[Music]
thank you
hey boss you like whoa is this a 2007 PT
Cruiser sure is PT Cruiser 2007 classic
wait where'd you get this car from some
jerk off at gas station I killed his dog
wait did his face look like this yeah
pretty much you idiot you killed Jeffy
Wick's dog and you stole his car uh
what's a big deal what's big deal I'll
tell you what big deal is Jeffy wig is
the most gruesome Hitman in the world he
once killed a man with a pencil in his
nose
well you should be okay I'm a little
more scared now I'm going to call my dad
come on Father pick up cellular device
hello son hello Daddy how is your day
going well people keep telling me I
screw up what did you do this time I
steal Jeffy Wick's car and kill his dog
you did what I do bad yes you did very
bad I in trouble yes you're in very big
trouble you go and give me spanking no I
don't give you a spanking Jeffy we could
give you a spanking with gun no I beat
[ __ ] out of Jeffy Wick hey [ __ ] no he's
going to kill you not before I kill him
first good luck I don't need luck I have
baseball bat brother up we go and kill
Jeffy Wick
hey Jeffy Wick what are you doing here
that's my God I know it is and you can
have it back I didn't send anybody to
steal it they just didn't know any
better will you tell them that I'm
coming for them and I will kill them
yeah yeah I will I got one question for
you who's [ __ ] my diaper I don't
know you correct
I swear I'd never kill again but now I
have to whip out my big [ __ ] goofy
purple fortnite pistol to kill those two
guys who killed my dog but I have to go
to sleep first because I haven't gotten
a full night's rest
[Music]
No More Mr Nice Guy
they're here time to die these upstairs
you want to go first since you have gone
sure
Jeffy
holy [ __ ] you killed my brother screw
this big
I don't miss
all right I am safe here where are you
you Russian piece of [ __ ] right here
your American piece of [ __ ]
thank you
oh Lord not of ammo what am I to do
and it's somewhere to hide in here
don't walk in here I'm just coffee cup
[ __ ] you ready to die oh come on man it
was just a stupid dog
all right Daddy I got my revenge I'm
glad Jeffy now can you take that
ridiculous wig off no because I still
got three more sequels to make you
killed my son you bastard
laughs
[Music]