hey guys what are you doing oh Cody did
you know your mom's famous yeah dude
they put her in a magazine twice I
didn't know your mom was a model it's
like a special coloring magazine where
you get to color pictures of the models
like look here's your mom waving her
tail and here's your mom just standing
there oh good my mom's a hippo now
that's new a big fat hippo because your
mom's fat no I get it and your mom's
still a whale classic yeah because she's
a big fat whale guys I get it can we
please do something else Cody why is
your shirt so small oh I got an extra
small shirt to show off my abs here peep
him actually this is a new shirt and a
trunk when my mom washed it but it's
still a good conversation starter Cody
you have like a little black piece of
something in your tooth what yeah like
show me your tooth ah yeah you have like
a little black dot like a piece of
pepper in your tooth a piece of pepper I
haven't eaten any pepper today
is it gone sure okay you want to help us
color a picture of your mom no guys I
said I want to do something else we
could start by getting that piece of
pepper out of your tooth wait you said
it was gone
Chef if he said Lunch is ready let's go
eat Juniors there's something in my
tooth or not whoa look at these
sandwiches dude Chef baby did not make
this he got this off of Uber Eats I can
tell pardon my language but pretty
and lunch Chef Pee Pee a freaking gooog
what did I do to deserve this and what's
this Cheez-Its Don't Mind If I Do let me
just light one of these joints up real
quick damn it what's wrong Cody I think
the Cheez-It was too hot it hurt my
tooth Cheez-Its aren't hot they have no
temperature Cody well it hurt my tooth
when I bit into it maybe it's that piece
of pepper that's on your tooth wait do I
have something on my tooth or not yes
what you said I didn't I didn't want to
talk about it anymore what do you think
it is I don't know maybe a cavity no no
that's impossible guys it can't be a
cavity I brush my teeth two times a
month once on the first and once on the
15th I think you're supposed to brush
your teeth two times a day no that would
be ridiculous Junior that would waste
too much toothpaste all that toothpaste
going down the drain would end up in the
ocean fish don't have teeth they don't
eat toothpaste and dental floss that
would choke a sea turtle no thank you
well you're supposed to brush your teeth
every day Cody well caveman didn't brush
their teeth and they turned out fine
cavemen died when they were like 20.
yeah if I'm like falling off a boulder
and getting eaten by a bat not teeth
okay well I don't know what to tell you
I'll eat my sandwich what do you guys
really think it's a it's a cavity I
think it's a cavity Cody well that would
be really bad you guys if my parents
find out I have a cavity they'll ground
me and send me to Europe send you to
Europe why well they say that Europe is
full of people who have bad teeth and
that's where people with bad teeth
belong so if they find out I have a
cavity they'll send me to Europe well
they will never see you again I know
this is bad guys okay let's call a
dentist and get your tooth fixed so your
parents will never find out okay all
right one more of these Cheez-Its
okay fine let's call this dentist come
on anyway somebody call a dentist yeah
Cody has a cavity hey hey nobody has a
cavity until I say they have a cavity
I'm dentist I have a degree do you have
a degree no that's what I thought now
shut up how's my breath smell like
onions I didn't want onions on my
sandwich but they put them on there
anyway nobody ever listens to me hey you
you like onions no let me see your teeth
okay those are actually pretty nice
thank you okay but nobody has a cavity
until I say they do got it now say ah
oh no that that actually is a cavity
sorry you know what you were talking
about are you sure you're not a dentist
I'm not a dentist do you want to be my
dental assistant you're pretty good at
it yeah sure okay so what do you think
we should do now uh fix his cavity hmm
yes I concur okay so I can do one or two
things here I could use no pain meds and
just drill right into your tooth which
would hurt really bad but you'd be a
badass or I could use pain meds and
drill into your tooth but you'd be a
little baby I don't want to be a
little baby yeah you don't want to
be that Cody so no pain meds no pain
meds yes okay but first we're gonna have
to bill your parents insurance no no no
no we can't tell my parents about this
you have his parents find out he was a
cavity they're gonna send them to Europe
yeah he'll have to learn to say bonjour
that's France Joseph not Europe dude
they're still in Europe no it's not guys
can we just focus here Joseph's trying
to say that Ratatouille was filmed in
Europe it wasn't filmed anywhere it was
animated it wasn't called European Tui
it wasn't called France itui either it
was called Ratatouille because there
were rats Cody but I know that but where
was filmed doesn't matter it does
although it matters it was filmed in
France they were French which is in
Europe but no yes yes yes it is yeah so
shut up stop argue about it Cody he
doesn't know what he's talking about
never does are we still talking about
teeth here oh yeah we got to fix his
cavity so if you don't if we don't use
the insurance how much does it cost in
cash well it's gonna cost about a
thousand dollars a thousand dollars we
don't have that kind of money all the
medical bills cost money this ain't
Europe okay well what else do you
suggest we do um let me see those teeth
again ah well they do kind of look like
baby teeth I think maybe I could
probably pull them out then you could
just say you lost it but Cody you still
have baby teeth yeah I hit puberty late
okay so how much will it cost to take
the tooth out oh it would still cost
about a thousand dollars we don't have
that kind of money I'm sorry but Dennis
gotta make money somehow uh I guess you
guys could probably take it out on your
own for free
mm-hmm what what's going on what I don't
know this is weird I'm I'm leaving what
the hell was that about Junior I was
agreeing I was like we could take it out
ourselves we don't need him
to know because I didn't want him to get
mad that we weren't going to use him why
were you making such a big deal out of
it just saying how about this we tie a
string around your tooth we slam a door
if that tooth comes out you just tell
your parents you lost your tooth okay
anything did not go to Europe let's go
okay Cody I have the string tied to this
doorknob and your tooth so when I slam
this door your tooth's gonna come flying
out okay ow but did it come out no it
just hit me with the door I didn't slam
it hard enough all right are you ready
yeah wow did it work no dude let me try
it
you guys are just beating me up with the
door now oh the door doesn't have enough
horsepower to pull his tooth out but
what if the door doesn't have enough
horsepower to pull your tooth out it
doesn't have any horsepower it's a door
oh we should use a car that's right no
let's go use a car Cody okay Jeffy this
is what we need you to do we have this
string attached to your car all the way
to Cody's tooth when I say go you floor
it so it pulls his tooth out got it
Junior all right let's go tell Cody
what's going on okay dude
all right Cody when I yell go jeffy's
gonna speed off and pull your tooth out
with his car are you sure this is safe
Junior yeah it's safe I tied the string
to the tire so all the power can pull
your tooth out what the tire go Jeffy
ow man Cody that tooth is really in
there Junior I could have been killed if
that string hadn't broke I would have
gotten pulled under the tires and run
over Dude I knew we should have used
rope oh yeah rope would have been a lot
stronger no we shouldn't have done it at
all man Cody your face looked really bad
yeah my face really hurts from the road
rash I mean it looks better than the
freckles yeah you look like Freddy
Krueger Krueger that's what I said no no
you said cougar
kugatui Ratatouille what what no guys we
need to get this tooth out somehow oh I
got an idea that isn't dangerous oh I
was gonna say we push him out of a hot
air balloon awesome how would they get
the tooth out when you hit the ground
your tooth would fly out on impact yeah
guys come up with something better oh
Joseph you see that wait over there grab
it okay oh you're gonna like this one
Cody it's gonna work okay so we tie a
string around this weight and then we
throw it off a balcony and then the
strings attached to your tooth and then
the weight from the weight pulls the
tooth out your mouth now now that that
could work okay let's do that okay Cody
I'm gonna drop this weight off the
balcony and the force of it should pull
your tooth out okay okay all right here
we go
yeah
Cody did the tooth come out no I think I
broke my nose dang it dude this tooth is
persistent you want to try the weight
one more time Cody no I have no more
ideas then oh I think I have an idea
dude follow me oh come on Cody I don't
think I want to come on okay Joseph
what's your plan I hired a professional
boxer to knock his teeth out I mean
tooth out wait which is it teeth or
tooth tomato tomato no no it's not the
same thing one is more than the other
yeah I think you would mean tomato
Tomatoes oh I see what you're saying yes
exactly but I just want the Tomato okay
you can eat after you fix your cavity no
I mean the tooth has a cavity in it
we're gonna get it fixed just punch me
okay uh where's the boxer at uh he's
here right now oh one second I want to
get his teeth knocked out oh he's right
here so Cody open your mouth you see
that tooth of the cavity in it we want
you to knock that tooth out okay I've
got plenty of teeth out this one's gonna
be a problem all right Cody stand real
still all right punch him oh okay
he did it he knocked my tooth out wait
where's there too junior did he get it
uh he didn't knock out the tooth with
the cavity what that means he knocked
out my two good teeth they're obviously
not that good if they came out that
easily yeah they're also yellow I
wouldn't say they're good teeth I think
that cavity is making your tooth
stronger this is stupid just hit me
again
okay did he get it uh hit him again
oh how about now it's still in there hit
him again
okay he has to have gotten it right uh
do it again
and one more time
I'm starting to enjoy this joke oh me
too dude do it again
it's hard it still didn't work I can hit
him again no just leave actually one
more time all right
that tooth is still in there dude I
think that tooth's made a steal or
something yeah I just Cody I don't know
what to do I think I should just tell my
parents I have a cavity what you want to
live in Europe I guess he really wants
to eat those frog legs dude yeah
whatever they eat there we have frog
legs here you just want to see the
pyramids what that's in the Egypt the
Great Wall yeah I know all right listen
um I have an idea I have some old
leftover fireworks from the Fourth of
July I can just tie a string around your
tooth and on a rocket why because it'll
burn my face a rocket won't burn your
face a rocket is really fast so if I tie
it to a rocket a rocket will shoot up in
the air and take your tooth to space
they're called fireworks the fire will
burn my face fireworks are really fast
Joseph yeah they're really really fast
like the speed of light you won't even
feel it dude yeah it's so fast okay you
know what yeah let's do it okay let's go
come on okay Cody I tied a string around
this rocket and around your tooth so
when I light the rocket gonna fly in the
air and pull your tooth out you know now
that I'm actually looking at it I don't
think I want to do this anymore come on
Cody the worst thing that could happen
is that the tooth does not come out and
the rocket takes you into space and you
go see Jupiter I'd rather see your anus
like seriously can we go to your room
come on Cody you gotta do the rocket I
don't know guys I'm scared don't
out now yeah you have big balls Cody I
know you do I mean I have pretty average
sized balls oh come on look are you
gonna do it or not okay okay let me
light him Joseph back up okay dude okay
Joseph I lit it dude this is gonna be so
cool he might die I know
whoa
I don't think he went to space dude uh
let's go inside so dude not at Cody's
dead who's gonna be our third friend I
guess Jeffy
Cody you're still alive damn you still
kicking bro you were supposed to kill
the step not join them yeah you're
supposed to bring balance to the force
not leave it in darkness
let me see your tooth Cody it's still
there not even the firework pulled it
out I almost died but what'd you see did
you see space I didn't see anything my
face was on fire yeah all right guys I
think I'm just gonna give up no you
can't give up you have to go Europe Cody
I'm here to pick you up oh my God Cody
what happened to you uh he fell in the
oven and it burned him up and then it
accidentally burned a cavity into his
tooth oh no Cody it's a good thing you
didn't get that cavity from not brushing
or else you'd have to go live in Europe
well he didn't get it from not brushing
he got it because the oven burnt it into
his tooth yep come on Cody let's go back
home we're gonna sue the oven company so
Mommy can get paid okay
what's wrong Joseph
friends dude I know I wish we had
friends like us oh we're such good
friends we're so rare
[Music]
thank you
[Music]