foreign
[Music]
wait what's this
you are here hey look it's me meet me
here creepy Hut in the woods okay
[Music]
[Music]
uh hello I got a note saying to come
here oh man
so who's here it's me
I thought you died no they tried to kill
me my stupid son shot me in the head
good thing I'm hard-headed but the van
exploded I jumped out big wall oh listen
I don't want to talk to you you got me
in trouble what if I told you I could
make you rich I'm listening how about
this time instead of kidnapping Jeffy we
kidnap a whole bust full of kids they'll
give us like 20 million to get all those
brats back okay I like it I like it okay
so tomorrow morning go out and steal a
school bus and bring it back here all
right laughs
Jeffy it's time to go to school hey
Danny can I miss school today since it's
my birthday no Jeffy you're not gonna
miss school come on Marvin let him miss
a day of school for his birthday but
today's Monday it's the first day of
school oh yeah Jeffy you can't miss the
first day of school it's the most
important day you guys suck I hate you
Marvin I am kind of nervous I think I
have PTSD after what happened last year
listen his mom's dead there's no way
he's gonna get kidnapped again okay hey
dang after school can we go to these
strip club so I can get my willy wet no
Jeffy go to the bus stop fine
[Music]
is that a dog in the room
oh no oh no no no no no I hit a poor
maroon dog why God why
now how do you start this thing oh yeah
down here
[Music]
oh yeah listen to that baby purr hey
who's that my boss all right get back
here with my boss right now hey hey oh
God damn it oh man I don't want to go
back to school I know I hate it dude
what today's my birthday oh happy
birthday Jeffy yeah happy birthday dude
it's such her birthday's on the first
day of school but he gets the best gift
of all education oh I just want to punch
Cody yeah you're such a nerd Cody shut
up no one likes school like you do oh
look guys it's the bus maybe the teacher
let you go home early today because it's
your birthday yeah maybe and hopefully
there's strippers in your classroom yeah
hopefully let's go
Hey where's our old bus driver he called
in sick okay
why do you screwball our bus driver he
said Jackie Chu called in sick but isn't
he a kidnapper dude he's a clown yeah
he's trying to turn his life around Cody
stop trying to profile him yeah okay but
if we get kidnapped I'm gonna be mad
we're not gonna get kidnapped we're
going to school oh he stole my goddamn
bus that piece of what oh my boss
hey give me my
all right
hey I'm gonna get to you oh
did you get the Bus full of kids yeah I
have the most full of kids is Jeffy on
it yeah I think so you think so or yes
both are you sure it's really him this
time yeah I'm pretty sure okay just
bring them back to the house all right
I'm on my way
so Marvin what are we gonna get Jeffy
for his birthday this year well he's 19
years old and he already has a car then
why did he take the bus to school so he
can see his friends for his birthday oh
okay yeah so I was thinking maybe we
could sign for an apartment for him no
Marvin he can't move out well he's 19
years old baby he has to move out
eventually he's in the fifth grade
Marvin yeah he's 19 years old in the
fifth grade isn't that a little weird
yeah
who's at the door hello
piece of stole my bus what somebody
stole the bus with all the kids in it
yeah I need to come inside and use your
phone baby where's my phone what's wrong
Marvin a clown stole the bus with all
the kids in it
what's going on so what exactly happened
so I was driving the bus and then all of
a sudden I see baroon dog in the road
and I stop the bus get out and check on
the baroon dog and then the clown jump
in the bus and see the bus with all the
kids in it it's the balloon dog okay no
he popped
so everything you did was pointless yeah
pretty much okay let me grab my phone
you can call the cops here's my phone
it's already ringing hello 9-1-1 what's
your emergency a clown stole my bus with
all the kids in it now clown stole your
boss with all the kids in it yes is it
some kind of prank call no it was a
black clown with orange and he stole my
boss okay what color is your boss yellow
what like a school bus yes oh well that
explains why there'd be kids in it okay
I'll tell my officers to look for a
school bus with kids in it but it is the
first day of school so it might take us
a while to find the right one but it is
being driven by a clown so I guess
that's different okay thank you what'd
he say he's gonna do it oh my God Jeffy
got kidnapped again on his birthday
[Music]
oh man Simmons I'm so glad we found this
dirt road we can park at we can just sit
here and take naps all day nobody ever
comes by here yeah we're literally
getting paid to sleep yeah this is the
life hold on I'm getting a call what oh
man it's the chief hello officer guy
yeah it's me Chief uh me and Simmons are
doing so much work we're arresting so
many people oh yeah so many people yeah
we are saving lives out here well I need
you two to be on the lookout for a
yellow school bus being driven by a
clown okay what why well apparently the
clown stole the school bus and kidnapped
the kids okay well we'll be on the
lookout for that okay Simmons the chief
wants us to find a yellow school bus
being driven by a clown he's probably
just getting pranked
Simmons was that a clown driving a
school bus yeah look Logan well time to
turn on the Weevil lights oh that's my
favorite part
oh he's running Simmons I think
this is the stolen boss pull over
jackass you're not getting away uh guys
what do you think he's digging at us oh
mini Disney World yeah he's probably
taking it to Disney World I don't think
so guys the cops are behind us oh
the cops hold on what's going on I've
been in the cops are following me well
you better lose them all right I'll try
hold on it's gonna be a bumpy ride
pull over guys that's my dad
he's Gonna Save Us well can you tell him
to hurry because I have to poop
but you should Ram him what grandma okay
I'm gonna Ram them
all right I'm gonna Ram him three two
one
son of a ran me mate he went to
the field I know but I up the car
what the car I it up I knew I
shouldn't have ran the bus let's just
pull over and look at the damage
oh man Simmons the police letters came
off uh mate we got a bigger problem we
got a flat tire yeah but the police
letters though now how are people gonna
know we're cops we look like Walmart
security well we got the blue lights
yeah still not going to help us stop the
bus wait I know where they're going we
could we could cut them off with a
roadblock come on Simmons
[Music]
foreign
I know he's headed this way so whenever
he sees the roadblock he's gonna stop
and ask you to move but then whenever
he's stopped I'm gonna run up and shoot
him in the head with my police issued
Uzi with silence or an extended mag all
right mate sounds like a good plan well
what if he hits me he's not gonna hit
you Simmons this is a cop car that's
illegal all right all right let's shoot
some clowns a robot huh you ran me I'm
gonna Ram you he's not gonna hit that
cop car is he I hope so do that be sick
yeah hit it hit it hit it
he's not gonna hit it
he hit it this thing ain't got no airbag
sorry
he hit the cop car oh that was so sick
dude that was awesome that was the
titties I flew all the way in the front
now that he's disabled I'm gonna give
him some Uzi come here clown you're
gonna die
Penelope I'm coming
[Music]
oh
my God Penelope how'd you like that RPG
huh what you're still alive
oh no I'm out of ammo
I can't join your daughter you piece
what'd you say die
well I made sure she's dead this time
but I lost my daughter I lost my partner
and I lost all those kids all right
Marvin when Jeffy gets home from school
we can celebrate his big birthday
blowout
you know he's kidnapped right the cops
are gonna save him Marvin and
everything's going to be fine we can
have cake we can blow up balloons we can
open presents it's gonna be great how
are you so happy because
that might be the cops at the door
so hello hey Marvin oh I'm so glad
you're here did you find Jeffy kinda
okay where is he
um let me just come in and explain okay
baby it was the cops did he find Jeffy
he said they did I said kinda so where's
Jeffy uh wait is it your birthday I
don't want to give you bad news on your
birthday what it's bad news yeah well no
it's not my birthday it's jeffy's
birthday oh
God blow up these balloons oh God
there's just so many pieces oh God when
Jeffy sees this party his face is gonna
explode oh God but we have to finish
setting up otherwise it's going to be a
disaster oh God and I want this party to
go perfect because I don't want to kill
a bunch of kids dreams oh God
well we did manage to find the bus and
we managed to stop it but just as always
running to save the kids the bus got
blown up by a rocket launcher what a
rocket launcher who shot that that
jeffy's Mom I thought she was dead yeah
we thought so too but it turns out she
only got shot in the head she didn't
actually die the bullet was just stuck
in a skull but don't worry I shot her in
the head a whole bunch of more time so
she's definitely dead now there's no way
she's coming back next year with a bunch
of bullets in the face that would just
be silly so are the kids okay
I thought we were past this they got
blown up by a rocket launcher
so she's dead and my partner so mine's
kind of a little bit more sad if you
think about it I mean I don't want to
make this into a pissing contest but you
know I mean your kid was adopted I
actually had my kid you know adopted kid
one kid seems a little worse to me it's
gonna be okay I'm still at work you know
I gotta go around and tell people the
kids are dead that's sad you know I mean
throw some sympathy my way give me some
boohoo's you know I'm having a pretty
rough day I can't believe Jeffy died I'm
sorry were you saying something never
mind
oh great first my kid dead and now
they're sewing at the door I mean I
don't think you can really compare the
two but sure oh can you please answer
the door with me it might be someone
scary how many scary people do you get
at your door people you just said to the
phone with me
hello I'm sorry Marvin It's the clown
that kidnap kidnap kids well shoot him I
don't have my gun Simmons I thought you
were dead no I escaped the police car
then I ran over to the bus and rescued
the children hey Dad Penelope Jeffy wait
Simmons were the rest of the kids oh I
dropped them off at their houses and
Junior wanted to hang out with his
friends oh good but wait wait wait wait
Simmons how did you get out in time I
saw everything explode oh I'll tell you
watch this flashback oh oh I gotta get
the kids out of the boss oh come on kids
get off the bus that was a pretty cool
flashback Simmons thanks Mike come on
inside all right baby guess what what
Mommy I'm alive oh my God
my goddess hey I'm alive too so that
Clown's gonna go to jail forever right
oh yeah definitely multiple kidnappings
and attempted murder I didn't try to
kill anybody you rammed the cop car with
your boss well to be fair we rammed him
first I guess that's true I guess they
do kind of cancel each other out but
still definitely the kidnappings though
all right listen what if I can make you
some pretty cool animal balloons then I
won't go to jail right hmm nice try but
no go wait in the cop car okay wait so
you're gonna just let him walk to the
cop car he knows how to get there Marvin
now we can throw jeffy's birth
hey I'm down Simmons drive us to the
strip club uh we don't have a car mate
it blew up in the explosion wait if we
don't have a car then how is the clown
waiting in the car I don't know I ubered
here is the Uber still outside no oh he
ran away yeah the clown definitely ran
away this could very well happen again
wait wait wait wait wait wait so isn't
that kind of cheap that the last movie
had a big explosion and this movie had a
big explosion I mean hey look Star Wars
blew up the Death Star twice actually
three times if you think about it if you
count the new ones you know so we're
original we're fine
let's walk to strip club okay
[Music]