we're gonna do it doesn't mean I can't
tell you oh sorry teacher I'm just
really bored of school
I can't wait for summer vacation yeah me
too junior I can't wait to go to the
beach and see all the hunky dudes and
their thongs playing volleyball so I do
that hey summer what you hate summer you
like school like oh do your nerd and at
me no I'm not a nerd dude I just like
the ACS school in the food look I don't
have air conditioning in my house or
food so I like to come to school you
know it's gonna be super hot all summer
well why don't just come to my house
have fun have AC and food okay yeah come
to my house all summer sorry Junior it
looks like I'm not gonna be able to hang
out with you all something why not
because we're going to Alaska to go
whale watching all summer long well
watching if you want we'll watch why
don't you stay at your mom I want to see
a humpback whale don't you have pimples
on your back there's your humpback whale
sorry Junior
come on Cody those whales aren't gonna
watch themselves bye Junior that's so
when Joseph they do well you're still
gonna be looking at with me all summer
right of course dude I don't have a life
all right Joseph you come with me you
got a warrant you're just gonna walk
into a house like that like we got a
business back outside what he's right
what was that about
no dude let's go see what that's about
yeah uh hello hey there I'm the police
is Joseph here I know he is I just saw
yeah he's right here oh why did you
snitch on me dude what did Joseph do
well Joseph he has been stealing
Lunchables and candy bars from the gas
station for the past three years it just
took us forever to figure out who did it
because Turtles don't leave fingerprints
dude I was hungry yeah well I'm hungry
for justice and you're gonna do hard
time in juvie two months the whole
summer until school starts again what
the whole summer yeah but dude I don't
wanna go to jail
you're gonna go to jail you're gonna see
what it's like to spend time in a Cell
in a nice warm bed with three meals a
day one hour of outside time and a TV
man that sounds like a vacation only two
months yeah okay okay three months Wow
six months okay okay uh yeah all right
fine how about you stop hitting me and
we work this out in the car Cody's in
Alaska and Joseph's in jail Who am I
gonna hang out with all summer jail
Georgia's calling me Joseph hello Joseph
hey dude I got my free phone call that's
cool um jail dude it's great the food is
awesome I got my own bed and my cellmate
loves to give me massages he's all over
me
what massages yeah dude he he likes to
kiss me though it's a little weird but I
don't complain monke we used to do it
too okay I don't want you to be in there
for dude I don't even know I hope it's a
long time though Oh hold on to you it's
shower time I wanna see what this drop
in the show business is about I'll talk
to you later bro bye wish me luck
okay okay no friends oh my god now Oh
Jesse I can hang out with Jeffy hey
Jeffy hey Junior what are you doing
staring at this wall why I'm making sure
it doesn't go anywhere it it's not gonna
go anywhere I know
okay I'm staring at it oh well I was
just wondering if you get hang out with
me for the summer okay junior go stare
at this wall
what so you can't go play toys nope but
it it's just a wall I know I'm making
sure doesn't go anywhere okay see you
later junior oh man I can't wait to
watch Charlie and Friends it's my
favorite show ever Charlie and Friends
is filmed in front of a live audience
oh hi guys I'm Charlie and today I gotta
go to work
I work at the gas station in today's
payday it's time to get paid
let's do this what do you want yeah I
was wondering if we could hang out for
the summer no I don't look I don't even
want to go outside it's super hot and
sweaty and sticky it's gross I just want
to watch TV well I was wondering if you
could kick me to Disneyland no I don't
want to take you to Disneyland either
look how much you go in at chef P
because that sounds expensive
okay uh uh chef peepee yeah what do you
want you stupid brats
well isn't it summertime you should be
hanging out with your friends well
Cody's whale-watching in Alaska and Jo
Jo's in jail for shoplifting don't you
have other friends nobody else was
hanging out with me well you're lucky
you have those friends I don't have any
well I'm your friend ill no you're not
look I work for your dad if I didn't
have to work for him look I wouldn't
even be talking to you we'll be your
best friend forever chef peepee no we're
not to hear you bother me all the time
god I was thinking we could hang out all
summer Jr I will rather sit my hand on
the stove for a week than hang out with
you well we can do it together no Julie
your get away from me
God well I was hoping you could take me
to Disneyland we already been to Disney
World Junior yeah we've been to Disney
World but not Disneyland Disney World's
in Florida Disneyland in California why
would we go all the way across country
just to go to another Disney that's
stupid because it'd be really fun it'll
be a cool summer vacation that wouldn't
be fun for me too yeah well I'll go see
the Grand Canyon
that's just holes in the ground if you
want to have the hole in the ground I
will give you a shovel and tell you the
big one and they're very very
okay well then with you something fun
alright jr. this is a bolus and I want
you to count every single grain of sand
in this ball and don't talk to me until
you're done what do you want me to do
this chef peepee oh it's just been
driving me crazy every single time I see
this bowl I'm wondering how many grains
of sand is in this mall and you can
count it for me do you
well why don't you help me oh man I got
a cook and I gotta clean so you know I'm
busy and you have all summer so you can
count him okay Chevy I guess I'll do it
yeah so get the counting and don't come
talk to me until you've done okay um I
can so get started one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
thirty forty fifty veggies I lost count
I start over it's going to be great
sure baby I'm done no wait come here
there's no way are you counting every
single grain of sand in this bowl know
what I'm thinking you're yeah a year if
I'm a slow counter I'm a really fast
counter chef peepee
oh really how many grains of sand is in
this bowl did okay well I might be a
little off I think I might have counted
a little bit too much but I think
there's 738 to be 700 million in there
700 million not with the way I counted
how did you count then okay there's my
dad see I grabbed source and I was like
1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 10
that has to be a thousand in that one
pitch jr. okay if I'm not counting right
then how about you just counting it I'm
not going to count it to your look I
don't want to be bothered by you I hate
you I'm not your friend I would rather
see you die well what you mean yes I
hate you look to you I didn't want to be
bothered why you brought you that's why
I gave you this big ball of sand to care
it wasn't even the whole summer I
wouldn't even see you at all you love me
I wish it was nice I wish he was the
nicest human being on earth because he's
really rude and me he sucks
beat me why do you look like that I
don't know what you're talking about
Julia but I got you a happy meal for
breakfast
a happy meal for breakfast yes whatever
makes you happy whatever makes me Oh
last night I wish ever he was really
nice and now he's being really nice do
you want to hang out with me all summer
you betcha yeah you do ever I want any
did you once okay let's go to the park
I'm gonna play inside instead you know
all these toys but I want to go into the
park
okay let's go to the park come on
chappie let's go yet baby we're at the
park let's go have fun
what is so hot Junior
[Music]
[Music]
Oh oh man I had so much fun with chef
peepee at the park this is the greatest
day ever
I love real-life chef peepee who's that
hello um it may be maybe you should go
first you just come inside we'll just
talk okay yeah yeah so Cody I thought
you're a whale watching Alaska no it
turns out my mom didn't know what the
hell she was talking about we weren't
going to Alaska we were just watching a
documentary about whales in Alaska on
Animal Planet at home so you're not
going to Alaska
no and Joseph I thought you were in jail
what yeah I got out on a technicality do
the police officer didn't read me my
Miranda rights so I'm not in jail but at
least I got a massage you get massages
in there what you guys the whole summer
you guys are free to hang out yeah well
I've been hanging out with Chef PP all
summer Junior it's been one day well
that one day's been a load of fun with
chef peepee he said give me happy meals
and stuff chef peepee never gets us
happy meals oh yeah we'll check this
 ppl baby we want happy meal
stupid brat don't want some happy Beus
what happened to chef peepee here duty
looks weird don't you love him he's so
much cooler I wish everybody was a
real-life human being and he's so much
nicer look he got his Happy Meals was he
not a real human being before when I use
a puppet now he's a real-life human
being
here's your happy views thanks real-life
chef baby yeah see spit on me all the
time
why make sure you your happy meal
you stupid brat bye chef peepee I love
you thank you for the happy meals Junior
waited chef peepee just cackle
maniacally I think he might be evil yeah
dude that was weird what he's not
evil he just got his Happy Meals that's
not evil well are you sure everything's
okay with the Happy Meals why would
there be anything wrong with them oh
because he said make sure you eat all of
your Happy Meals and then he went
wha-ha-ha-ha-ha like he was evil okay
Cody if you want to check out how the
meals we can check her but there's
nothing wrong with them let's check
see Cody looked a normal cheeseburger
jr. that's a knife between two buns
we're right there the knife chef
Phoebe's trying to kill you okay look
this is just a mistake by McDonald's oh
yeah oh yeah they do that all the time
they hand out night burgers all the time
this is what happened the guy was
cutting the cheese for the cheeseburger
right and he accidentally put the knife
on the burger instead of the cheese oh
yeah that's just a totally normal honest
mistake for McDonald's to make okay what
about you're having meals anything wrong
with it see oh my god what it's a gun a
gun yeah a gun chef peepees trying to
kill you hey dude my chicken nuggets
taste weird they burnt justice nuggets
those aren't Nuggets Junior those are
bullets what bullets yeah you know for
the gun cuz chef Hiep he's trying to
kill you chef baby would not kill me he
took me to the park oh okay yeah I guess
that I guess that makes everything okay
I take back everything I said thank you
no he's trying to kill you Junior what
says that he's trying to kill me so
weapons the weapons that he gave you so
you would die maybe these are just new
toys from McDonald's no no Junior these
these are the new toys these are weapons
oh you know what Cody I think I know
what's going on okay what I think you're
jealous that you don't have a personal
chef oh yeah no you got me that's what
it is yeah you guys are just jealous
because you're our personal chef so just
get out okay fine fine but you watch
your back to chef Evie's trying to kill
you don't try to kill you leave dude
Joseph never yeah everyone you just lead
are just jealous my personal chef and
you know what he's gonna take me to
Disneyland and the Grand Canyon yeah how
are you still alive how am I still alive
are we talking about what the burger in
the knife in the talkee and the stopping
and dying I wasn't hungry so I was
watering chubby B if you could take me
at Disneyland for summer vacation
Disney's yeah Disneyland you know with a
bunch of fast ride they go really high
up and then you fall and you scream Todd
I know if we used to fall and die I mean
yeah if you don't have your seat belt on
you could fall and I mean if you hit the
ground you would die I mean yeah they
could kill you let's go really want to
go yeah
I know Jerry Scheff baby where
Disneyland yeah whatever you stupid
breath you want to ride ride to
Disneyland
yeah sure whatever you took me to Disney
119 met Disneyland oh my god I love
human chef BP he's the coolest let's go
right Splash Mountain Oh fine fine
look at them they were screaming I'm not
going in
[Applause]
Disneyland sure was fun wasn't it chef
peepee no no it wasn't I got eggs you
didn't die and I almost died it's
everything wait it was a diet Disneyland
Disneyland happiest place in the world I
want to use the die jr. well I still
really want to go to the Grand Canyon
this summer you know the Grand Canyon's
really cool what is that the grant
Cannes is big hole in the ground it's
like a couple thousand feet deep and you
get right up to the edge like right up
to the edge
and a lot of people keep slipping and
falling and dying so I don't want to get
that close but I really want to see the
Grand Canyon what you want to go sorry
teacher I saw a bug on my desk guys I
said the worst dream ever I had a dream
that for summer vacation we took you to
the park at Disneyland and the Grand
Canyon Wow a really horrible dream
dude my trees are really horrible every
night I dream that I'm in a trailer with
no a/c or food that's a nightmare well
that's just his life Cody mine that my
dream was really back at the end
Shep you'd be threw me off the Grand
Canyon yeah so I just gotta make sure
that for summer vacation that I don't go
to the Grand Canyon yeah yeah but guys
we're all gonna hang out all summer long
right yeah
sorry jr. I won't be able to hang out
with you all summer we're going whale
watching in Alaska well are you sure
you're going whale watching are you sure
you're not yes I'm sure I'm going whale
watching I'm not gonna be watching my
mom jr. Cody that's so rude yeah Cody
why would I say that
oh do you guys okay are you sure you're
gonna go whale watching are you sure
your mom's is not gonna watch a
documentary about whales in Alaska at
home oh that one we're gonna watch the
documentary what you told me we were
going to Alaska we are going to Alaska
in our imaginations
okay whatever Junior I'll see you
tomorrow all right bye Cody
so Joseph you're gonna be able hang out
all summer right yeah sure dude I don't
have a life what do I have to do I mean
have you been stealing from the gas
station lately dude who told you all
right Joseph you're coming with me what
you can't just walk into somebody's
house you have to have a warrant I let
him in yeah yeah he let me in so you're
going to jail yeah yeah Joseph you have
the right to remain silent
yes he does have the right to remain
silent I always forget that you have the
right to remain silent and in blood and
Yatta Yatta Yatta
now I'm gonna go make chef peepee love
me mm-hmm
chef beeping the peanut butter and
spaghetti pebbles is almost done oh yeah
that smells good Oh chef peepee
what do you want Junior I was wondering
if we're gonna do anything fun for the
summer wait who told you told me what
who ruined the surprise what surprise
we're going to Disney World
what yeah me and you going to Disney
World silly really yeah I see your dad
didn't won the gold he he doesn't want
to get in the Sun he wants to stay and
watch Charlie so he just let me to you
go really what are we going right now oh
really
alright jr. what could the Disneyworld
probably world I thought you hated me
yeah I do hate you but even though
you're a brat you're my breath
[Music]