wo dude do you know that balloon ain't
dropping on my watch oh that balloon's
not touching the ground over here
there's a no balloon touching the ground
Zone oh bro I'm totally going to win
start the game up you know we can't
start the game Joseph until Cody gets
here bro Cody's late and you know I
wanted to play this Bluey balloon game
all day but we promis Cody we wouldn't
start till he got here and plus we need
three players well Ken's here can he
play in place of Cody no Cody left Ken
here last night and we can't play with
Ken cuz Ken's a doll dude you're right I
don't know what I was thinking yeah so
we have to wait for Cody to get here
before we can start playing and look
Cody's mom was supposed to drop him off
an hour ago they must have hit traffic
or something God what what are we going
to do until he gets here um we could
watch
TV breaking news there was a massive car
accident on the interstate a few moments
ago that claimed the life of a
15-year-old boy named Cody nutkiss we
have an exclusive interview with his
parents now oh it's horrible I'm so
sorry oh Baby Don't Cry I'll explain why
it's not your fault it was just a freak
accident look see my wife right here she
a freak gr a see she was drinking and
driving and texting and then randomly
looks over to me in the passenger seat
it starts giving me Road Dome I'm
talking about wild driving yeah talk
about a risk taker man we swerving all
on the road and then we go Offroad and I
said hey baby watch out for that huge
tree and she said what the one that's in
my mouth and I was like damn girl oh you
nasty I'm going let you keep doing what
you doing and then yeah we hit that tree
going 65 mph man it was crazy crazy uh
Cody dumb ass was not buckled up in the
back seat so uh he flew out the sun roof
decapitated his ass yeah his body was in
the car his head was out there in the
woods with Bambi man blood all in the
seats I'm talking about nasty we going
to have to get that out of his allowance
to clean up the seats oh and the worst
part I think the car might be
total yeah baby that [ __ ] definitely
total so uh if anybody has a Ford Focus
or Ford Explorer you know 2008 uh we
only want to spent $33,000 if it's on
Marketplace we want to buy it right now
so uh yeah yeah yeah reach out for your
boy what Cody's dead dude I hated him
but I didn't want him to die really like
Cody's dead like he's not coming back
bro why does everybody in my life have
to die this can't be real this can't be
real I want to call Cody's phone this
got to be a joke this got to be a joke
yeah call his phone dude all right
Joseph it's ringing come on Cody please
don't be dead answer the phone
hey there it's Cody all I do is answer
the phone and [ __ ] and I didn't answer
the phone so leave a message after the
beep [ __ ]
beep not going to lie Cody that voice B
was pretty tough dude it was pretty
Savage I need one like that I'm not
going to lie I'm totally going to make
my voice M just like that once we hang
up I miss him dude oh Cody can't be dead
Cody we miss you so much oh you nerdy
freak I miss you wait wait my my phone
says it has one new voicemail from Cody
well let me see what it's from Joseph
Cody left us a voicemail 30 minutes ago
but I didn't hear my phone because it
was on silent let's hear what he has to
say hey Junior I'm on my way to your
house right now you [ __ ] better not
be playing that Bluey balloon game
without me whoa baby watch out for that
big tree the one of my mou all right
there you freak keep going in hold on my
mom is giving my dad Road Dome while
driving let me put my seat belt on oh
[ __ ]
oh what happened you crashed into a tree
I told you to watch out you want me to
finish giving you Road Dome no not right
now the car is on fire it might explode
grab Cody [ __ ] Cody oh oh no baby oh
look at Cody oh his head is gone oh no P
Cody oh baby we got to get out run come
on my
God dear God dispatch we have an 1180 in
progress and we need to block off all
traffic going northbound 2008 Ford
Explorer crashed into a tree and
exploded there's a child's Bing miss the
head I found his head over here a deer
is biting it oh I found the kid's phone
over here he was calling someone named
Junior hey guys he was leaving a
voicemail come over here
yeah yeah yeah hey your friend is
[ __ ] dead I'm holding his head like a
[ __ ] Jack a' Lantern I'm going to PUD
this [ __ ] like a football yeah dude
totally on
it oh look bro that [ __ ] were like 70
yards I told you I should have been in
the
NFL oh [ __ ] he said just got ran over by
a semi truck dude oh dude imagine the
people that care about him are listening
to this right now I'd probably kill
myself yeah for real though oh dude go
through a search history yeah let's do
it oh dude there is so much gay [ __ ] on
his phone oh yeah I bet you like that
dude shut up I'm married oh yeah
remember that one time you cheated on
your wife and Thailand with that sheail
you thought was a girl shut up bro
or the one time you killed your
ex-girlfriend because she cheated on you
I said shut up dude don't make me bring
up that time you turned your body cam
off and killed that guy oh yeah I shot
him right in the face oh [ __ ] the
voicemail's still going break the phone
break it break it break it all right
good thing we destroyed that yeah man
that could have been real bad we could
have lost our jobs and went to jail
especially since I'm money laundering
committing tax fraud yeah bro and I run
an illegal dog fighting ring in my
basement that would even bad all right
man let's get out of here yeah I'll
clear over here sir yep
oh Cody's really dead
Joseph sh
baby jeez BR you looking good as hell
shut baby what's wrong Junior Cody died
in the car accident wait Cody can't
drive what are you doing driving goofy
ass no Cody wasn't driving his mom was
driving a woman driving goofy ass oh I
don't want Cody to be dead I want him to
come back to life well he's already dead
once they're dead they're dead unless
they believe in reincarnation what
what's reincarnation that's so when you
come back as an animal or a plant or a
parrot or some [ __ ] what can that happen
I mean I don't know I don't believe in
reincarnation wait so you're telling me
if I find a cat or a dog that could be
Cody could be I don't know but look let
me get back to my cheeseburger okay okay
sh thank you cute
ass all right Joseph take those sad
eyelids off dude what for and why do you
have a cat well Chef peipi told me about
this thing called re aration so when you
die you can come back as an animal so
maybe when Cody died he came back as his
cat dude that's a whole adult cat he
looks like he's like 15 years old or
something see that's the problem people
think 15year olds are adults now and
they're getting in trouble damn you
right you right my bad so you're saying
this can't be Cody because it's an old
cat and not a kitten dude it can't be no
way you're right all right cat get out
of here
scram oh oh dear God Jesus Christ oh my
god get him off get him off me get off
okay oh my God okay get him off Dear God
that took goddamn too long for you to
get him off me my bad my face is on fire
my whole body's on fire yeah dude he
really got your ass I wonder why because
my best friend didn't back me up bro I
thought you could hold your own I didn't
know it was a tag team you always say
you could beat the [ __ ] up and then the
[ __ ] shows itself you don't beat it up
hey I got
shot Cody's still dead we don't have our
friend
anymore wait Joseph what look look Ken
Ken is right here Cody left Ken what if
we took a Q-tip and we SW Bob kin's butt
because you know Cody does stuff to his
butt and we get some of Cody's DNA and
we put it in the clone machine cuz Cody
leaves it over there then we could clone
Cody you think it'll work though it's
worth a shot all right Joseph we have
the clone machine we have Ken's bare ass
and now all I have to do is get some of
Cody's DNA on this Q-tip and throw it in
the clone machine and we'll get Cody
back oh this is so gross dude do you
think it's actually going to
work you're right he humps that thing
every single day I'm pretty sure it's
Leftovers on it yeah okay so let me get
some
you think I got enough get that Booty
Juice away from me dude I can smell it
from here let me see
this so now we wait let that [ __ ]
cook Joseph I think it's done dude check
on it check on it all right Joseph are
you ready for Cody to come back yeah
dude I missed his gay ass all right here
we go welcome back
Cody what um huh it's
oh it's a clone machine so it clones
things so when I put the Q-tip with
Cody's juice on it from Ken's ass in
there it just cloned the Q-tip with more
Booty Juice yeah but didn't give us Cody
back that would need to be like a a DNA
rebirth machine type thing damn where do
we find that at let me go call like a
nerd or something yeah hey there did
somebody call a nerd yeah our friend got
decapitated in a car accident oh I'm so
sorry to hear that yeah [ __ ] was brutal
dude yeah it was very disturbing he left
as a voicemail we can hear the whole
thing you want to hear it no no see I
just got done watching a very sexy video
of a lady with 11 toes doing some
unimaginable things and I want to keep
that in my Noggin you know save it in
the spank bank for later why don't you
just watch the video later because my
mom has parental controls on my laptop
set for 8:00 p.m. and I'm a 900 p.m.
spank kind of guy that makes sense yeah
yeah so what can I do for you boys well
we wanted to clone our friend who got
decapitated in the car accident and he
likes to je all over the back of this
kind doll so I took a Q-tip and I
swabbed his butt and I thought if I took
the Q-tip with our friend's DNA on it
and put it in the clone machine that it
would clone our friend but it cl cl the
cute chip yeah I've had this happen for
me before too see this one time I tried
to clone myself using a crusty shck see
I wanted another version of myself so I
could bend them over like sketch and
have him say what's up brother but it
didn't work see what you need is a the
the DNA splicing machine
oh what is that what the [ __ ] is that
it's a machine that uses DNA in order to
make a perfect clone okay well where do
we get one of those oh I have some extra
aluminum fo and a blue Sharpie just give
me a moment okay all right boys your the
DNA splicing machine is ready you're
supposed to sing the name of it oh sorry
uh the DNA splicing machine the DNA
splicing machine I mean Cody does it
better but yeah a little bit all right
so wait did you just just cover up the
words c a clone machine with more T foil
and rope du the DNA spicing machine on
it yes because that's how it works oh
okay so um let me just swab his butt
again and
see all right do I just put it in there
yeah you just put it in
there and now we wait we might actually
get Cody back yay I missed my little
nerd o it's done happy birthday Meep oh
God I wish he was still dead somebody
please kill him so is this your friend
that got decapitated wait I got
decapitated yeah you were in a car
accident your mom was driving giving
your dad Road Dome it was a whole thing
wait what happened to your face oh I
went outside and found a stray cat I
thought it was you reincarnated but it
wasn't what and why is Ken's ass out
he's going to catch a cold oh well we
were trying to get you come back Al life
so we thought if we took a Q-tip and got
some of your je juice off of Ken's butt
and we put it in the clone machine it
would clone you well I'm sure you had
plenty of Jeep juice to work with but
what the hell's going on what did I miss
all right Cody you want to know the
truth yeah the voice actor of you was
gone for the week it was a really rough
week without you cuz we didn't have
Brooklyn guy and we didn't have any of
the other characters so we we just had
to think of the stupidest ideas like we
made this cocoa pus Bird video which I
thought was funny but it did really bad
and now this week they're going to say
we we ran out of ideas and that we suck
at what we do but now you're back oh
good I'm glad I'm back yeah because you
know if you notice your mom was played
by that guy oh Cody oh that's not that
bad yeah I thought it sounded pretty
good but lville he was going to try to
voice like a clone of you let's hear
your
impression like penis he's not yeah
that's what the clone of you was going
that's pretty that's pretty rough yeah
so good thing we didn't go with that
ending cuz you came back this weekend
enough time for us to get the ending
yeah yeah it all worked out yeah so well
where'd you go anyway oh so by the way
I'm going to take this now thank you
wait where did you go I went to Panama
City how was that that was cool I went
to dve and Busters twice actually twice
money money B and I thought he was je I
only paid the one time and then I came
back oh wait with the card I got from
the day before how many how many tickets
did you win about 800 what you get what
kind of prize you get with that just
candy candy what oh yeah you can't get
you're almost [ __ ] you're almost 30 and
you ate Candy I like candy okay you're
never too old for candy I get AirHeads
bite they were [ __ ] good I want to
know what they tasted like it was either
that or a big ass stick of like sugar
candy you know this big like pixie stick
things what was your favorite game um I
I like I like most of the shooting oh
the driving ones are fun I like I played
a snowmobile you drove to D that's your
you could just you I didn't drive a
snowmobile did I
[Music]