so grass that's all the types of rocks
besides crack don't do that but make
sure you do do your math homework that
is on your desk have a good day oh God I
hate homework me too dude come on guys
homework just a fun way to remind you
you have school tomorrow how fun can you
jump off a bridge for me please please I
don't want to do stupid dumb
homework Jeffy how was school freaking
sucked why because they gave me homework
what the heck well at school there
supposed to give you homework well I'm
not doing it you can't make me Jeffy if
you don't do your homework you're going
to fail I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] Jeffy
if you don't do your homework you're
going to fail and they're going to make
you repeat the same grade well I'm going
to WIP my ass with this homework that's
what I'm going to do please just do your
homework what's in it for the Jeff man
the jefferon and cheese not failing
school well not good enough not doing it
okay I'll get you a $10 toy at Target
make it 20 okay yes I'm going to do my
homework Marvin how could you offer to
buy him a $20 toy for doing what he's
supposed to do because I'm trying the
banana monkey method the what if you
offer a monkey bananas every time it
does something good the monkey will keep
doing good things Marvin that's horrible
it's going to work I want to try it all
right Danny I did my homework yay Jeffy
good job Jeffy yeah yeah it's a $20 toy
Time toy time well Jeffy after you turn
in your homework tomorrow and it's
graded then I'll take you to get a $20
toy oh [ __ ] no wait language no [ __ ]
that Daddy you didn't say anything about
this need to be graded well I just want
to make sure you're doing your homework
right well you didn't even check my
answers which I highly recommend you
check them well I don't know how to do
math well neither do I well listen Jeffy
I just I was doing the banana monkey
method what is that well if you give a
monkey bananas the monkey will continue
to do nice things so I'm the monkey yep
you never offered me a Hellcat wait what
I offered you a $20 toy is what you
wanted I want my bananas [ __ ] let's go
get in the car oh hold on we'll go to
the car in 1 minute no [ __ ] that get in
the car now
it's true that you never told Jeffy he
had to wait till tomorrow yes thank you
mother showing with some sents around
here so Daddy move ass well I pop tits
okay
good oh yes they have it the poy troll
super Loop Tower HQ wasn't supposed to
be out till next week they're early wait
wait wait a minute no Jeffy this is $100
I told you $20 but dny it's 3 and 1/2 ft
of pure flipid flipp as [ __ ] well no no
look $20 you can get these little
figurines Daddy [ __ ] that there's no
flipp on there do you see flipp well
look you get the you get the cop car or
the fir truck for
$17.99 daddy don't you do this to me not
today of all days well look like Jeffy I
told you a $20 limit not $100 dad you
can't take me to the strip club and show
me titties and expect me not to squeeze
you could squeeze $20 titties but not
$100 titties I'm going to scream don't
you dare
scream how was Target
Marvin why is he crying because I didn't
get him the toy he wanted why not
because the toy he wanted was $100
Jeffy stop it look look look it's a cop
car vro
vroom no look Chase Chase wants you to
drive drive the car around Jeffy please
stop crying oh I don't know what to do
okay look oh turn on the TV you want to
watch CoCo melon you want to watch CoCo
melon okay we're watching Coco
melon this is my Happy song I like to
sing it all day long I'll teach you the
words then you can sing
along let's try a high voice happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy happy
happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy
[Music]
happy dang I'm happy as [ __ ] I know that
song put me in a really good mood I
can't believe that worked oh Danny I
actually really like these toys so I'm
going to go playing with it oh wow that
song made Jeffy happy it made me happy
it made me feel really good me too yeah
I'm going to check jeffy's homework oh
no Jeffy hit me hit me hit me hit me hit
me what Daddy you're so grounded for
these answers on this test what all I
put was I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
that is that you are so grounded oh I'm
going to hit you you make me so bad wait
wait wait wait Marvin uh turn that video
back on Play it again you're right I I
need to be happy I need to be happy
happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy
[Music]
happy home please all right Jeffy I'm no
longer mad about the homework so if you
put some white out over it and redo it
I'll be really really happy we have
white out right mhm all right go grab it
all right Jeffy so do your homework
again yes Father all right
there's someone at the door but I'm
happy hello chives hit a raccoon on the
way over here and I made him skin it gut
it and eat it it's inard and I got a
free hat I feel sick don't you throw up
because if you throw up I swear to God
I'm going to make you lick it up maybe
you shouldn't eat raccoons and drive
like an old blind bastard I didn't want
to eat the raccoon you made me and you
also made me drive blindfolding well you
should know the streets around here I
didn't know there was going to be a
raccoon that ran out in the middle of
the road it's a Tesla yes stop what your
tone chives yes sir now there's someone
who owes me house payment money and I
think he should pay up so give me haveit
I I I don't have it this month you don't
have it this month that pisses me off
here we go I'm going to kill J I'm going
to snap his neck right now you're going
to kill your own butler yes and then
you're going to have to live with the
guilt wa you're not going to live with
the guilt that you killed your butler no
you think this is the first Butler I've
killed it's not I miss stepen oh okay
listen I just don't have the money this
month but maybe next week I can get it
or the
week next week next week doesn't work
for me I'm going to blow his brains out
it's going to be your fault please I
going be your fault but please I I
promise just just give me till give me
till tomorrow and then I I want it now
or else chives his brains are going to
be all over your front doorstep wait
wait wait why are you going to kill me
and not him because he can't pay me if
he's dead chives pay your damn bills
he's really smart I I I do want to pay
my bills no he doesn't if he wanted to
pay his bills then he wouldn't kill
chives I I okay listen I I think I think
I have the house payment in my couch
it's on your couch it's a miracal as
soon as I pull out a gun you magically
have the money yeah yeah yes it's
upstairs come on chives all right Marvin
where's the money uh it's under the
couch Christi wait a minute if you pull
the trigger the bolt will go through his
head and into yours oh thanks for
pointing that out Marvin you idiots I
was going to move out of the way well I
I I have your money underneath this
couch cushion so while I'm grabbing it
I'm going to turn on a video for you
okay I just watch that happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy happy
happy happy
[Music]
happy happy happy happy happy
happy oh Marvin what am I doing your
house payment's not worth me taking a
life over you know what I'll come by
next week and get it no well it's okay
you can take take my life I'm happy now
no Tres it's okay you know what when we
get home I'll let you use the toilet
instead of the litter box really but
don't push it okay all right see you
later Marvin I knew that song was going
to work so I didn't have to pay my house
payment I'm so happy all right Marvin I
helped Jeffy with his homework and by
help me with my homework she means she
did it for me well listen as long as
jeffy's homework's done and he's going
to pass that's all I care
[Music]
about okay he's being kind of annoying
but I'm not going to get mad cuz I have
my song I can listen to F I'm pissed
Marvin Marvin stop it put the song Back
On you're right I just going calm down
and turn on the
song Oh there's someone at the door
who's that hello hey there what whoa you
look mad I am why are you mad because I
don't like shoplifters and I'm looking
at one well I'm not a shoplifter yeah
well you were at Target today right yes
and I bought something I didn't steal
okay well then explain this wao what is
that that's an empty Paw Patrol box
where are the puppies huh I I I don't
know well I know see your son pulled all
the puppies out of this box and stuffed
them in his diaper and his shirt and you
just walked out of the store what he did
yeah he sure did I I am so sorry I will
I will pay for this no no this is a very
serious crime I'm going to have to
arrest him you know there was a study
that found that shoplifting is a gateway
crime to murder because when people
think that they can just take things
then they start trying to take lives
it's this and then you start beheading
people oh okay listen I I am just as mad
as you no you're not because you don't
have your mad eyes on look at me I'm
Gumpy I'm angry
okay listen I I have the perfect fix for
that come upstairs okay well would you
look at that the usual suspect Jeffy oh
[ __ ] did you steal Paw Patrol toys from
Target no they're in his diaper and his
shirt no they're not out of my way no
don't you touch me I'm allowed to touch
you let me look at all this look at all
this [ __ ] those aren't mine waa Jeffy
you really stole all those things from
Target no all right looks like you're
going to jail Daddy play the video
that's what I was thinking uh officer
before you arrest Jeffy I'm going to
play this video that I I think we'll
cheer you up oh
okay what this video has been removed no
this can't be happening someone else had
to upload it what are we watching is
this like a podcast cuz I don't care no
no no no it's it's a song oh I hate when
people try to introduce me to new music
I like what I like oh no no it's the
Happy song oh I hate that song I hate
farel Williams no no it's not that song
it's a different Happy song it's talking
about being happy and stuff okay well
while you do that I'm going to arrest
Jeffy no father I know the words happy
happy happy happy happy happy happy high
voice Happ you're happy you shoplifted
oh come on no now you're really going to
jail come ony stop saying it oh my God
why why would they delete it no please
[Music]