all right across today we're going to be
doing whatever room making crafts we're
going to be making one of the rooms and
releasing them into the sky you should
already have your water balloons at your
desk and I'm gonna blow mine up but
before we get started if you see my
lunch walking around the classroom
please don't touch it I'm gonna blow up
my balloon
whoa we get to play with balloons today
no Junior then after playing their
weather balloons they monitor the
weather how's the balloon monitor the
weather well if the balloon blows away
that means it's windy if it's wet that
means it's raining if it pops it means
it gets struck by lightning and if the
balloon starts going in circles that
means there's a tornado coming and if it
turns into an ice cube that means it's
snowing I didn't know balloons could do
all that yeah it's crazy right hey
Penelope can I have your red balloon I
don't like my green one no Junior I like
my red balloon but this green balloon
reminds me of your ugly green eyes
because your eyes are the couple of
boogers shut up Junior
[Applause]
oh so they can go up and take pictures
of the nuclear science I mean tell us
the weather so anyway cross if your
maroon Pops in the cross you fail okay
balloons are very expensive 25 cents per
barrel
up there hey Jeffy look I brought a Nerf
gun to school and it has a needle in the
dark I'm gonna shoot your balloon touch
my balloon and I'll break your eye
sockets
fine I'll shoot Penelope's balloon then
hey
Penelope
more like
bellope what
a lick I repeat you pop your balloon you
fail what if me it was bullied balloon
with a Nerf gun I don't wanna hit
Chinese by marooning very expensive but
it was
Penelope can you stop crying I'm trying
to watch TV
stop it
what's wrong what's wrong Penelope I'm
getting bullied at school wait you're
being bullied yeah
and I
know so you're telling me you're being
bullied at school yeah okay well I know
how to deal with bullies I'm gonna bang
his mom what yeah I'm gonna bang that
kid's mom that way next time he tries to
bully you all you have to do is say Yeah
well my dad banged your mom then what's
he gonna do I mean it's true I can't
unbang his mom I'm basically a stepdad
at that point Bonnie you're not gonna
bang that kid's mother I will too bang
his mom I bet you five bucks that you
don't okay but I'm gonna bang his mom
okay oh you're not a close appointee you
don't have the moves yeah okay whatever
we'll see his mom will be banged by me
um hello still here you're not gonna
bang anyone's mom Penelope this is how
adults settle their problems okay his
mom will be bung ew Dad no look I'm
gonna come to school with you tomorrow
so you can point the kid out for me you
can't come to school with me as a cop I
can
okay Karen tomorrow I'm gonna come home
and these fingers are gonna smell like
Victory I'll believe it when I smell it
boydy okay we'll see
okay Penelope point out the kid no Dad
I'm not gonna do that this is so
embarrassing look the sooner you point
out the kid the sooner I can get to
banging his mom ew Dad no I'm not gonna
tell you who he is hey papa where's your
balloon nerd I'm assuming that's him
yeah now I want to bang his mom more
than ever I'm gonna bang his mom in his
bed so that when he goes to bed at night
he's gonna know that your father bang
his mom there okay just leave no no I
still need to get his mom's phone number
how are you gonna do that Dad Penelope
watch him Master at work all right so I
need you to pull out a pen and a piece
of paper because we're gonna be writing
our excuses for our spider roots to the
FBI hold up hold up police random desk
check for drugs class the school didn't
tell me about this well if they did it
wouldn't be very random now would it I
have my eye on you now let's see who
looks suspicious you me yeah you now let
me take a look in your desk but I don't
have anything oh really then what's this
huh a little marijuana hey you planted
that yeah so what scammers get scammed
get your money up not get funnier Now
give me your mom's phone number so I can
call her about this she doesn't have a
phone okay listen here you little punk
you made them digits Billy mommy realize
you forgot your Masterpiece slobs mom
you're embarrassing me no come on Billy
I'm just trying to make sure my little
baby has something to eat wait I'm sorry
this is your mother yeah yeah what you
needs officer oh uh sorry I I put this
catnip in your son's desk it's sorry oh
oh God what is that smell oh that's
probably my panties I've been fighting
the wicked you
could use these bad boys in a microwave
a loaf of breads coming out I mean I
mean when you sneeze that green gooey
stuff that comes out my panties oh Jesus
oh it could be because I only buy one
play toilet paper and there's a
grapevine of dingleberries back there I
mean I just don't know what to do I give
up okay uh you know what I'm actually
just gonna go now didn't you need her
number what you need my numbers for us
uh you know I I forgot so I'm just gonna
go well I'm going home Penelope sorry
what I thought you're gonna bang his mom
no no that have you seen that
wildebeest over there I am not touching
that I have to wear a trash bag two
trash bags well then what am I supposed
to do about the bully huh well banging
the mom is obviously off the table but
um oh oh the dad yeah I could beat up
his dad and then you could say my dad
beat up your dad well that's better yeah
I'll go talk to him all right Billy
mommy's gonna get back to work hey hey I
just wanted to ask real quick uh where
is his father oh his father's in jail
for triple homicide and I don't mean
that accidental crap neither he killed
three people in broad daylight planned
and everything stung them up by their
shoelaces and ate the testicles oh well
if I can't beat him up maybe I can make
his life hell in prison what jail is he
in no I have no idea last night Hood he
was in solitary confinement for
murdering two gods and killing the wood
yup strung Em Up by the shoelaces and
ate the testicles he really loves
testicles especially police officer
testicles uh yeah yeah I got it got it
thank you well Penelope you're just
gonna have to get bullied that's gonna
be a life now what happened to beating
up his dad well look I just don't want
to get my balls munched off okay his dad
is a serial killer and a Serial ball
muncher but you told me you would help
me with my bully problem yeah but look I
can't bang his mom and I sure as hell
can't beat up his dad
you don't have to
have them no we'll do this okay come on
let's go home and talk let me smell a
boy knee here oh it smells like hand
sanitizer yeah cause I didn't do it
all right fine here's your damn five
dollars but it's not because I didn't
have the moves it's because she was
disgusting you know what I think Bonnie
I think you couldn't do it because you
love me too much and you didn't want to
hurt my I promise that's not the reason
if she would have been smoking hot I
would have been up in that I wouldn't
have thought twice okay dad whatever you
do about my bully I don't know Penelope
just switch
something you said you were gonna fix it
I know look the only thing I can do is
bang the mom but I just can't boy knee
do you want to go double or nothing oh
there's just no way I can't do it why
don't you call your brother Jonathan
Karen you're a genius that'll work
Jonathan throw bang anything hey
Penelope you know what's even better
than saying my dad banged your mom my
uncle bang your mom how about that no
one has to bang anyone yes they do
Penelope it's the only way I'm gonna go
call Jonathan okay I called Jonathan he
should be here any minute
look at the guy as soon as you caught
her game so fast and yeah I left my
house and got you why didn't you knock
you just came in because we're family so
what do you need well Jonathan we need
you to uh we need you to bang somebody
finally
finally don't worry
not my wife
it's uh it's like this uh this hot bomb
milk yeah yeah like a milk big milk big
hot milk wait a minute this sounds like
you're too good to be true and she wants
me yeah of course she does hmm what's in
it for me oh yeah you know the MILF
um you don't know how to do a little
better the app looking guy um well I got
five dollars
no can't keep backseat okay so here's
the plan we're gonna go over to a house
dressed like plumbers so you can unclog
a pipe luckily for you my own nickname
you should be the Keystone Pipeline
because I was so good at laying pipe
you're gonna shut me down yeah you have
done this before right
obviously just ask my right hand too oh
this time okay good well let's go come
on okay Jonathan this is the address I
got when I looked up her name based on a
name tag oh is she hot oh smoking a pack
a day must be oh what okay so here's how
this is gonna go I think she's into role
play so we're gonna pretend to be
plumbers and then when she opens the
door who is she gonna be naked oh God I
hope not no no no when she opens the
door she's gonna pretend she doesn't
remember calling plumbers so then I'm
gonna get to work on clogging the pipes
and then you start hitting on her okay
guys so you're killing first no no no no
no this is all you man you got this okay
I just didn't know because you said
something about unclogging your pipes no
no I meant like real actual pipes no
this is all you no honestly I don't mind
I I actually prefer it no no you got
this okay just you only you okay I'm
Gonna Knock
huh what the what the hell
Billy mom what if it's Child Services
again and I say the wrong thing yeah you
right so go get it hello wait a minute
thought I knows you oh no no man we're
plumbers with the plumbing service we're
here because you called a few days ago
about having trouble with your pipes oh
yeah I did I remember that what you do
oh yeah do I have a problem for you my
tool has been clogged and I ain't been
able to flush it in about three weeks
yeah come on in instead of huh uh yeah
go go go go go all right here's the
toilets it ain't flushing it's in the
bathtub yeah well that's not where it
goes all right Smart Guys well where is
it supposed to go you see that hole in
the ground yeah that's where the toilet
goes well I guess that makes sense all
right guys well whatever you do don't
open the toilet because it's about to
overflow good luck oh God all right well
get to banging Jonathan you want me to
being dead yeah look you got it come on
big guy but she's disgusting hey you
want to impress your big brother right I
mean I guess hey do it for Mom you're
right mother doesn't think I'd get any
women I'm gonna prove them wrong yeah
that's right come on
all right Jonathan get in there yeah I'm
kind of nervous are you sure you don't
want to share a team no God no look you
got it okay just say to her what you say
to anime girls oh shoot you want me to
say
yeah just never say that to me ever
again I'll get in there how's it going
sweet cheeks watching Judge Judy those
were toilets going don't you worry about
that kill it my blood is unclogging
those pipes don't worry I can unclog
your bikes why are you naked well don't
worry about yet I just figured I'd let
you know that if there was only two
women left on us what the other one look
like oh yeah yeah oh my God he's
actually doing it Go Johnny
hey hey you actually did it oh yeah yeah
oh yeah you hear it yeah yeah I heard it
oh man that's my dog right there yeah
come on let's go Mission successful
Karen Jonathan pipe he got up in there
he did yes holy yeah he's Peter Piper
tell her about it Jonathan yep I'm I'm
Peter Piper and I piped a lot of peppers
shizzle wait a minute Jonathan you only
ever say for shizzle when you're lying
no that's what sizzling don't did you do
it or not I don't know maybe what do you
mean maybe maybe he's not good enough my
daughter can't go to school and tell her
bully maybe my uncle banged your mom
this has to be definite Jonathan what
happened well you know that sing when
turtles get scared and the head goes
back in the Shell my winner did that you
turtled I was still wait so did you do
it or not oh no probably not damn it
Jonathan what were you doing in there I
was laying on the bed and smacking my
belly to make it sound like we were
banging what was she doing she was
laying on the baby shiny watching Judge
Judy damn it Jonathan now I gotta find
somebody else
give me a second
bring it to remind her she sent that way
I had the home field advantage what so
she can see your anime figures and then
leave no I don't think so I'm gonna get
a hit man you're gonna have gonna have a
kill no no not like that like I'm gonna
see if he can do a different kind of hit
you know like hit it and quit it okay
what no get the hell out of here
Jonathan oh hey you call it hit man oh
you you're you're a dolphin yeah I get
that a lot okay well who cares uh we
have a job for you well who do you want
me to kill oh see that's the thing I
don't want you to kill anybody I uh I
need you to bang this kid's mom I'm
sorry what yeah this kid's been bullying
my daughter at school so I thought you
know if you bang his mom then we can
make fun of him and then maybe that'll
shut him up okay well I don't really do
that I'm a hit man I kill people yeah
but like since you're a Hitman I thought
maybe you could like hit that you know
see I kill people because killing people
is easy they don't have a choice they
just kill them but hitting that that
that's a whole other job yeah well would
it help if I told you she smells like
fish I don't know man this is gonna cost
you a pretty penny well I got five
dollars well it's gonna cost more like
five thousand dollars well damn how much
is it gonna cost to kill her ten
thousand okay fine uh how about this how
about you go uh hit that and then when
you get back I'll give you money okay
all right fine
I think this is the right house
hello oh dear God oh my God I love
Dolphins
oh God it was horrible but I did it you
owe me 10 000 now wait how do I know you
even did it I took this video of the
whole thing oh oh God turn it off turn
it off oh is that really how you do it
yeah all right honey Pam okay well I did
it so now you can tell the whole world
that Bully's mom get bent over by a
dolphin hey that's great Penelope do you
hear that what this dolphin bang the
bully's mom what yeah this dolphin he
banged the boy's mom you know what I'm
ready to switch schools now I paid him
ten thousand dollars
how far can you see with those
telescopes on your eyes
well well yeah what's your comeback well
at least my mom didn't get banged by a
dolphin what it's true
thanks Dad Dad Dad it worked what worked
the bully tried bullying me today and I
told him at least my mom didn't get
banged by a dolphin and he cried yes yes
it's right I did that me I'm dad of the
year nobody bullies my daughter without
their mom getting banged
all right
I won
[Music]