so gods what do you want to do tonight I
don't know jr. whatever you want yeah
I'm down for anything where you guys
want to see what I build oh yeah do sure
all right come on look guys look at the
pillow fort I built and we're gonna
sleep in it tonight oh dude it looks so
amazing yeah it looks a lot better than
your last pillow for you yeah I put a
lot of effort into this one wait Julia
I'm really hungry though
don't worry Jessica order pizza dude
really
yeah pepperoni oh man I love pepperoni
what oh well isn't that convenient know
what well you said you ordered pizza and
then the doorbell rings I'll bet it's
the pizza man well most likely it's
gonna order pizza yeah isn't that
convenient yeah come on go hello hey
there you ordered pizza yeah I did a
pepperoni pizza yeah give me the roadies
let me see them rody yeah all right
that'll be four dollars and ninety cents
well here's a five keep the change bub
that's cool well yeah I guess my kids
just won't eat tonight what what I said
keep the change
no I heard you and that's you give me a
tip of ten cents so that's fine like my
kids will just stalk that's cool oh
you're saying you want more money yeah
that's what I'm saying
okay um I got another another dollar Wow
now that that's more like it yeah a
dollar in ten cents okay that's really
amazing you take your pizza all right
thank you thanks money
all right guys we got a pizza for a
pillow for oh dude I'm so ready to eat
some pizza and a pillow oh do we should
invite your peepee yeah we should invite
chef peepee oh we can have pillow fight
oh yeah pillow fight that might beat up
your mom cat in the pillow for Cody what
are you talking about yeah but they
can't in the pillow for jr. there's not
a cat in the pillow fort he's hugging
but there's a cat in our pillow fort
yeah I know I told you where that cat
come from dude I don't know what you've
never seen this cat before no I've never
seen a cat we don't have a cat what
that's why I can't cover our pillow for
how to get the house I don't know oh
okay well how'd we get it out I don't
want ends up my pillow fort did you get
I'm allergic to cats what I'm allergic
to cats yeah what would we do draw right
now Cody you've been hit breathe let's
get them out of here come on Cody loser
hey there's somebody call a doctor yeah
our friends been passed out for like 15
minutes well what happened well we were
near a cat and they start breathing
weird and they ask for a pen and then he
passed out well it sounds like he had an
allergic reaction to a cat what's that
well it means that if he's around cats
for too long he could die wait mrs. cats
Wow Cody such a loser dude yeah what a
stupid weakness cats well it's not a
weakness he's just allergic what if
Superman has a weakness was cats he
wouldn't be super do know there's a cat
I can't fly anymore
no no no it's not a weakness it's just
an allergy like for me I'm allergic to
fresh cut grass your lives a grass well
if it's fresh-cut grass so like the
first five minutes after somebody cuts
grass I can't go outside just my nose
knows that it's fresh-cut and so I
caused his problems what a stupid
weakness right well look I used to be in
the military like a couple of years ago
and while I was overseas somebody cut
the grass and I was done they had to
send me home with the purple hi but yeah
yeah okay so how do you help him well
usually when someone has an allergic
reaction we use one of these a glue
stick no it's not a glue stick it's an
EpiPen
it's full of medicine okay well your dog
what uh it has a needle like I have to
stick him with it okay you probably want
it on this side right there okay Oh like
kissing guys whoa cool you okay oh yeah
I am on fire but I'm not getting near
that cat again Junior it almost killed
me okay so what do we do well I'm gonna
go home and you call me when that cat
leaves well what what cat is he talking
about the cat that he had the allergic
reaction to it sits on my pillow for
they won't leave what are you talking
about look at me and help me help me
come here so you looked at a cat my
pillow fort no I did you Oh kitty
oh you little kitty look you're getting
you are you that's a cute cat Oh could
you get the stupid cat my pillow fort is
ruining
pull up fort wait you're telling me you
don't know what cat that is no do you
yeah that's precious
she's the legendary conqueror of pillow
forts whenever she finds a pillow fort
she moves in and you can't get her to
leave you can't get her to leave
no she seeks out the best pillow forts
and then moves right into him well I
made a pillow fort a few years ago and
she didn't show up yeah must not have
been good enough for her what so so
she's taking over my pod fort yeah good
luck getting her out of there she lives
there now we'll try to get her out for
me I don't want my pillow porn it's my
pull-up board okay I mean that's
impossible but I can try hey are you
Bridget
but you get out of here scram scram yeah
he kept you dawn
yeah get out of here I've done
everything I can
what you can't get her out no no that's
that's the best I could do sorry daddy
you stupid cat come on leave dumb cat
stupid cat meow mix eating stupid cat
yeah I'm here now oh I don't think it's
gonna work oh come on there's gotta be
something you do to get her out please
get her out please ah okay I have an
idea I have one more idea alright so I
went to the pet store and I got this
thing what is that it's a cat house it's
nice and comfortable looks like a kitty
cat and to even get this little ball
thing that you can whack around my wife
would love that because she likes to
bust my balls okay well how are you
gonna help with my pillow fort well I'm
thinking when precious sees this nice
cat house she's gonna want to leave your
pillow fort moving here instead
okay well that might work but that's a
really small hole that's a fat cat house
that fat tubby cat gonna fit inside that
small hole and I don't know look we're
just gonna try it okay all right all
right and they try to get her in here
precious take a look at this this is a
nice cat house huh
wouldn't you rather live in here instead
of that stupid old pillow fort look look
how nice it is it's even got a little
dangly ball look I'll get in for you see
look how nice this is Wow
it's really it's really nice in here wow
this is actually really comfortable and
I like this I can play with this this is
fun you know what yes she can't have
this well I want this what this is mine
now this is too much fun what all right
kid I got a whole new plan what is it I
hired my old foster home buddy Stuart
Little
hello I'm still a little he's a mouse
I know he's a mouse and we went to the
same foster home and he got adopted
before any of the other kids including
me that doesn't make any sense he's a
mouse he should have been in a pet store
oh you thought a little Britt you yeah
okay so how is Stuart gonna help us
well I'm thinking since precious is a
cat and Stuart here is a mouse and cats
like to eat mice I'm thinking maybe she
wants to eat him and then we can solve
two problems yeah okay so let's try this
okay precious meets do it little hey
precious oh you a cute little cat you
are mine is still a little don't you
wanna eat me oh yeah don't don't you
want to eat them precious no you cute
little cat either Mouse you wanna eat
them
please please eat them welcome yeah I
don't think I don't think she likes
Stuart Little
okay fine next plan okay okay who are we
waiting for
waiting for the guy what guy the plug
just shut up uh yeah your wife skittles
yeah yeah I'm white skittles uh you're
the plug well it depend on who asking
you a cop no well not at the moment okay
okay that's good enough for me wait wait
who is your friend
Oh nobody he's he's cool he's just just
my pet turtle he's no narc is he nah not
eat not he's cool no no no no okay okay
what you need then uh why what I need is
some of that nip oh yeah yeah I need
some nip oh you know I got that good
note but it ain't cheap oh come on homie
homie my ninja no good look
okay good money good money hold on just
a second snip here you go oh no you
better not get caught with it come on
now if you do though you don't know me I
yeah yeah sure yeah just you know peace
peace the park okay what is that
this is catnip cats go crazy for it and
this is some powerful stuff if that
doesn't get out of there then there's no
getting her out of there okay oh okay
let's try this yeah yeah yeah you like
that catnip don't you precious it's
working oh yeah it's working well it
smells good doesn't it oh yeah that
smells good
all right that smells really really good
actually
oh yeah that's just I just want to get
in there just just really get in it oh
oh god oh yeah are you okay yeah I feel
more than okay oh that's so good that's
some good stuff she's not leaving oh
yeah sorry kid I don't know what came
over me that nip is some strong stuff
just stay away from it well it didn't
make preciously deport my water out so
get her out well I don't know what to do
kid I did everything I can think of go
try more stuff try harder look get her
out
do whatever you have to do to get her
out because I wonder out of my pillow
for you have all my friends left and my
whole night through and so get out the
stupid pellet board but really whatever
I have to do whatever ever they're just
get out okay
all right precious I'm gonna try one
more thing yeah but you destroyed my
pillow fort well you said do whatever I
had to do but what does not destroy the
fort well look she's out of there so say
thank you and I can leave no you just
drop my bulb for say thank you thank you
you are welcome you destroyed my pillow
fort it's been all night refix in it
yeah I spent all night building my new
pillow fort and now it's done I can't
wait to get in what brushes
[Music]