H Jeffy help me find this gray
piece Jeffy help me find this gray piece
okay I guess we're not going to build a
Lego helicopter I don't give a don't you
cuss Flamingo dick about no Lego
helicopter well then what do you want to
build Jeffy I want to build something
else well there's a whole book of things
you can build right there police car
well then turn to the page and follow
directions all right Marvin look what I
built oh you built Wall-E no Marvin and
that's Jeffy out of Legos baby that
looks nothing like Jeffy uh sure it does
look there's a pencil in his nose I gave
him a diaper and he has a helmet on his
head baby you got to do better that does
not look like Jeffy at all what am I
doing wrong this looks nothing like a
police car Jeffy you built that yes but
I did it wrong oh my God Jeffy you built
star KN out of Legos but it was supposed
to be a police car Jeffy that is amazing
that's so awesome but it's not a police
car cuz does this look like that no no
it doesn't cuz I can't follow
directions well we already know you
can't follow directions but but that's
amazing Jeffy you're so amazing at
building Legos we we have to call
someone who are you going to call
Ghostbusters
Ghostbusters hey there somebody called
Ghostbusters you need me to suck off a
go I mean suck up a ghost with my vacuum
we are so sued um no well I didn't know
who to call because my son built this
thing at a Legos oh Legos huh oh that's
kind of neat I guess what's wrong with
you no I just don't really like Legos
I'm more of a Mega Bloks guy but Mega
Bloks suck hey hey I think Legos suck
okay Legos start with the letter L you
know what else starts with l loser and
lame and little penis I just think
things that start with L are stupid like
like this guy that I stole this vacuum
from his name started with L and he was
a whiny little [ __ ] he was like Mama
Mia or whatever the [ __ ] oh well my son
built this out of Legos I just thought
it was very impressive yeah a lot of
people build things with Legos it's not
that big a deal but he didn't have
instructions or honestly enough pieces I
don't know where he got him from my rump
listen I'm not going to meat write him
over these Legos okay but why do you
hate Legos so much well I'm so glad you
asked because I have a story so when I
was in high school I was daating this
girl named Lisa Lugo she was gorgeous I
was in love with her she was my soulmate
she loved building Legos and I would go
over to her house all the time to build
Legos with her so for her birthday I
went out and bought her a really cool
Lego set and I showed up to class to
give it to her then the teacher
announced to the class that there was a
new student and his name was Lester Lego
the son of the founder of Legos he saw
my girlfriend had balloons and he went
up to her and pulled out a bouquet of
Lego flowers right then and there they
started making out I fell to my knees
crying holding out the Lego set I'd
bought her she laughed at me and her and
Lester jumped into a Lego helicopter and
took off into the Lego Sunset I heard
they got married and she only had to
change one letter in her last name and
that's why I hate Legos because Lester
Lego stole the love of my life well she
obviously didn't love you that much if
she left you that quickly for a Lego man
but she loved Lego Legos and he was
Legos his dad literally created Legos
they were rich I mean yeah I tried
dating Betsy Big Blocks the daughter of
the owner of Mega Blocks but they lived
in a trailer made out of Mega Bloks and
she was big Mega you might say we would
animate that but we don't have the
budget well you shouldn't hate Legos
just because that guy stole your girl oh
yeah so you're telling me if your wife
cheated on you with the creative Douro
Pizza you'd still eat some Douro Pizza
no yeah that's right now I want some
gouro pizza well look my son's really
good at building Legos I just don't know
what to do about it well tell them good
job say adab boy I don't know I already
told you I hate these [ __ ] things
Marvin look the
news breaking news the annual very good
at building Legos competition is
happening tonight so if you're good at
building Legos then enter the
competition with your best Lego creation
and you could win
$25,000 a Lego competition a Lego
competition we should enter Jeffy in it
I should destroy it Marvin do you think
my Lego Jeffy would win no but I think
jeffy's Lego painting would definitely
win the $25,000 grand prize but Danny if
we tell them that it was supposed to be
a police car then you'll get mad we're
not going to tell them it was supposed
to be a police car we're going to tell
them you did this on purpose so grab it
we're going to go enter you in that
competition okay yeah I'll meet you guys
there hello and welcome to the Lego
competition I'll start the judging
shortly wow Jeffy there's a lot of good
Lego builds here yeah Daddy they're all
buried in my police car I built my
favorite thing ever a [ __ ] cat well I
built a Lego Pac-Man machine that
actually works see oh wow Jeffy that's a
tits yeah it is Daddy I think I'm going
to lose no that the judge is an old man
and maybe he's more into artsy things
okay before we start the judging I'm
going to take a quick bathroom break
anybody else who needs to use the
restroom should do so now oh good I got
to [ __ ] like a hippo yeah I should
probably go take a whiz I could probably
go wh off I should probably pee real
quick
too well Lester I'm about to show you
what I think of your stupid life goes
I've been waiting 31 years for
this say starry night night
[Music]
[Music]
[ __ ] yeah take that Lester you [ __ ]
hey what what happened here I smashed
all the Legos but but Jeffy was going to
win the competition everyone worked so
hard on that yeah well everyone can lick
my defecation hole my hole where I
defecate it's all destroyed that was a
good peee Pacman machine my [ __ ] cat
police car well I'm back and ready to
judge great googly moogly what happened
to all the L someone smashed it with
this baseball bat someone smashed my
[ __ ] well did you see who did it I know
exactly who did it and if you don't
believe me we could probably get his
fingerprints off this baseball bat well
it doesn't really matter I mean what am
I going to do I guess we're just going
to have to cancel the competition but
but but what about all that money yeah
someone needs that money what if you
split the prize money between all the
contestants since they put so much work
into their Legos no what I could
probably do is give you guys 15 minutes
to use these pieces to make something
else and whoever makes the best thing
wins hm that's fair H that's fair H
that's fair H that's fair huh that's
fair that's fair well I'm glad we're all
in agreement that it's fair three 2 2
one build Jeffy startop grab pieces oh
yeah start grab pieces Jeffy Jeffy bu
build an ambulance okay I think I can do
it and time [ __ ] my ambulance looks like
[ __ ] Jeffy you built a giraffe it's
supposed to be an ambulance I [ __ ]
suck I built a cute little Flamingo I
built a happy little tree oh who built
this it's very realistic oh that's just
my drink oh well I was going to let you
in but since it's not made of Legos it
doesn't count now based on my very quick
observations I declare Jeffy with his
giraffe the winner it's supposed to be
an ambulance now hold on I want to enter
the competition Great Scott look at that
car you win now wait a minute you just
said Jeffy won I know but I changed my
mind I'm the judge I can do that well
wait a minute Brooklyn guy is the guy
who destroyed everyone's Lego pieces
prove it well there was a bat here we
could get a forensic team and get the
fingerprints off of it no that would
take too long this is clearly the
coolest thing here you just want to give
someone $25,000 for no reason yes I do
here you go hell yeah Jeffy you would
have won if you would have built an
ambulance I know Dad I suck oh I'm so
angry oh I'm so mad and pissed Marvin
you seem really angry mad and pissed
what's wrong I am because Jeffy lost the
Lego competition oh no I'm so sorry look
what I built you added Wheels to your
Wall-E Marvin that's Jeffy and I built a
car baby that looks just like Wall-E
you're so mean I worked really hard on
this I don't want to hear your whining
Jeffy lost his stupid dumb Lego
competition cuz some stupid dumb meanie
dumb Butthead came in with a baseball
bat and destroyed all the Lego projects
well who would do something like that
some stupid dumb idiot hey there some
stupid dumb idiot here what are you
doing here I just wanted to show you
what I spent my money on Mega Blocks
yeah see how great they are they're so
big not like these stupid little choking
hazard blocks I bet kids choke on these
all the time I mean I know I would they
look delicious they look like Skittles
cuz they're so colorful but look at this
You couldn't possibly choke on this look
at that see how big that is nobody could
choke on that except maybe my ex-wife
she liked them pretty big but I mean no
normal person could possibly choke on
well there's no way you spent $25,000 on
Mega Bloks what did you spend the other
money on well I spent the rest of the
money on a Hitman to kill Lester Lego a
Hitman yeah yeah he said he's going to
pop his little Lego head right off I
hired the best one on the street he said
he's going to call me when he's done too
so we might as well build some mega
blocks in the meantime is that Lego fire
oh that's so [ __ ] uh gay that's so
[ __ ] gay that Fire's gay it's gay
fire I bet that fire has a dick and
likes penis that's it's pretty gay you
know I bet there are mega blocks that
look like fire oh wait my phone's
ringing let me get it oh guys the
hitman's calling hello Hitman I hired to
kill Lester Lego and it would be really
bad if police were listening because
this is very incriminating you really
hired a Hitman to come and kill me wait
Lester Lego well guess what he stepped
on a Lego and broke his neck
Lester you you okay you sound like [ __ ]
yeah I got page full Lego cancer oh I'm
I'm sorry I didn't know Legos could get
cancer yeah it's from smoking too many
Lego
cigarettes oh uh that's that's too bad
hey you want to speak to Lisa uh yeah I
would actually too
bad she's too
busy slobbing on my block she's what she
she's slobbing on my block oh Lisa no no
I'm just kidding she died a few years
ago from diabetes oh that's that's
really sad actually
yeah oh
God some
help's listen I'm really sorry about the
hit man I'm starting to feel bad don't
die you little [ __ ] okay I'm
sorry well guys
I think I wasted my money on the hit man
it seems like Leer's going to be dead
any day now he's on his last leg
oh but seriously it is really sad about
Lisa oh somebody's at your door I'll get
it hello there he is M Brookie did you
hit his [ __ ] lego vagina with a bat
it was a cat a [ __ ] cat you know you're
not supposed to be touching your
brother's Legos mom he's 35 I don't give
a damn how old he is you get over here
and give me that tushi and I'm going to
smack it I in my late 40s I'm not
letting you spank me l0 my
[ __ ] hey you're next J at the fanin
[Music]