Jaffee are you ready to go
trick-or-treating sure am Danny I got my
Mickey Mouse costume on Jeffy that's a
monkey costume Oh Danny why aren't you
in your burger costume because I don't
want to be a booger for Halloween Jeffy
Danny you put that booger costume on
right now and you didn't mind no show I
can pick you what inject have you look I
don't want to dress up for Halloween I'm
not going to put it on
that's not funny Danny okay he says
about hilarious Danny you put that
booger costume on right now or I'm gonna
take a dump in my costume we just bought
it Jeffy that was expensive costume I'm
gonna take a front dump it's gonna come
out like play-doh spaghetti whatever you
please I just don't make me put it on
yeah
okay okay Jeff you look I'll I'll put it
on just for a little bit okay all right
Jeffy I put on my booger costume roar oh
you're scary booger Danny you're like
the type of boy they get stuck on your
finger and you can't flick it off and
then you gotta get a paper towel well
it's okay let's just hurry up and go
trick-or-treating so I can take this
stupid costume off Danny you look like a
rapper you look like you're about to
drop the hottest mixtape of 2019 give me
some bars those bars
I don't got bars Japanese sure you do
Daniel drop your beat yes you can dad
just give me two bars I got the beat
okay uh yeah homie dawg all that yeah
I'm a booger your girl you know I took
her I brought her to my house and she
gave me a lot of sugar
I beat a chick who you talking to
no don't you dad keep the beat going got
a boo-boo
yo ah Mickey Mouse took your girl to my
house and did she play with my
mouseketool a book all right Jeffy that
was really good well no daddy you really
beat that
[Music]
hello this is a public service
announcement from your local police
department about Halloween this year we
went trick-or-treating earlier tonight
and we made some very disturbing
discoveries now look right here this
just looks like a regular Snickers right
looks pretty good but then when I opened
it up it's full of thumbtacks just chuck
full of thumbtacks you can't eat those
and look at this racist this looks
delicious nice big king-size Reese's but
when you open it up boom more like
king-sized thumbtacks because it's just
full of thumbtacks this isn't safe
alright so if you have a kid I would not
recommend going trick-or-treating this
year and also also I heard reports that
kids kids out there are getting um
napped okay so I just wouldn't go
trick-or-treating at all if I were you
but I am gonna go trick-or-treating
later but but that's just to make sure
it's safe you know I'm gonna gonna hit
all those good houses okay so so just
stay home don't go trick-or-treating
okay just just let me do it all right
Thank You Chevy
Halloween is dangerous this year you
know what we're not going
trick-or-treating we're a stay inside
the house and pass out candy that is not
fair I know it's not fair Jeffy but but
the world's not the same as it was a few
years ago you can't walk outside without
offending someone so we're gonna stay
inside and pass out candy and we can eat
our own candy you bought the Rose candy
I didn't buy the gross candy candy corn
freaks I'd like candy corn cuz you're
free daddy you shouldn't be allowed to
breathe our air are non candy corn eaten
air oh come on Jeffy let's just go pass
out candy don't you touch me you old
freak nothing to do with the candy come
on thank you yeah yeah yeah
all right Jeffy here's the candy corn
that we're gonna pass out to the
trick-or-treaters Danny you're
disgusting Jeffy candy corn is really
good Danny let me show you how you're
supposed to eat candy corn
for the trick-or-treaters I'm doing them
a favor Danny one come on let's just
grab it out the trash can they won't
notice
oh come on Gabby come on no more
throwing the candy corn in the trash
Jeffy daddy
this is what could happen they're gonna
knock on the door where's a happy
Halloween and they went with candy corn
that's it okay money for that's my house
baby this month at the end of the month
so my house payment is due
so whenever Goodman comes to the door I
could finally pay it on time so do not
touch this money okay only the candy our
first trick-or-treaters come on Jake
let's do it hello children happy
Halloween wait who's supposed to be
Trayvon no I'm a booger you I'm a
naughty nurse you want me to take your
temperature
hey guess who is my mind telling me no
yeah thing is even now give us gay all
right Jeffy hit him with the corn
hey I'm Winterkorn yeah hit him with the
corn will you talk to me why'd you throw
corner huh
you said hit him with the core that
means give him the corn daddy here
you're garbage what chemicals you're
disgusting people can white people candy
Oh dull you know like the full-size
[ __ ] family size reasons you know
twist the white people can get Rolexes
yeah we don't have any white people
candy wow we got to a white people
neighborhood and they don't have no
white people can you believe this baby
the world we're living in shame all
right Jeffrey come on your bummer cost
you because I told you I didn't want to
wear it for a long time so I work for a
little bit and it's hot so I'm taking it
off daddy you're bad booger you get your
corner you bad booger jelly this will
read the door get them get the corn
ready it's ready daddy all right let's
go hello happy Halloween trick-or-treat
smell them with the cold jumpin no more
hit him with the corn
oh my gosh more dough don't know that
you place the corn in his bucket I'm so
sorry about that sir yeah I'm just gonna
go ahead and finish my song
trick-or-treat smell the feet I don't
have cuz I'm
puppet give me something good they kick
candy all right Jeffy now play some
candy gently in his bucket all right no
wait wait is that candy corn yeah yeah
yeah don't bother why'd you do that okay
you don't like candy corn no I actually
saw some rocks out here I'd rather eat
instead all right we'll have a nice
Halloween I like your costume oh yeah I
dressed up as my favorite videogame
character I see you dressed as him - oh
no mine's not a costume I'm the real
Mario yeah yeah I get it we wore the
same costume yeah but mine's not a
costume these are real clothes
I'm the real Mario I mean I get that
your mustache looks a little better than
mine but I think my costume actually
looks better I think the real Mario
actually wore these clothes
oh no no i-i've never wore that my life
on the room art I would know it that's a
costume oh okay whatever man it's just a
costume it's just it's just make-believe
oh you're taking it too serious but I am
the real Mario uh-huh yeah whatever all
right come in come inside okay Jesse the
next person that rings on the doorbell
do not throw candy corn at them Dave if
you say hit it with the core they're
getting hit with the core we're not
getting hit with the corn because we're
not just say that we're gonna say hand
on the corn so hand on the corn you know
that all right daddy well I gotta go to
the bathroom all right take a rocking
number - but you're not gonna use the
bathroom in your cost you like you
always do
no promises there daddy all right
there's no the trick-or-treater I'm
taking this one solo hello happy
Halloween this proves what chicken block
you sure you can't go trick-or-treating
at the house you live in you live here
bugs we supposed to be anyway a
watermelon
no I'm deceive in what some men put the
seed in the watermelon yeah you're
supposed to take me out and plant me all
right black Yoshi look here's some candy
corn you don't want this you people
don't give up money on Halloween no call
of duty I don't know what that is like
if you look good other health is oh no
we're trick-or-treating for you all
right gang I'm on down in the bathroom
we're all out of toilet paper
oh you use all the toilet paper no we
just didn't have a all right well I'm
gonna go use the bathroom next okay
if there's a trick-or-treat and that if
there's if there's any more
trick-or-treaters you hand them the
candy okay I use about the be right back
happy Halloween my feet give me Duncan
good you eat I'm spider-man but I lost
my mask but I'm not the Tom Hollands
spider-man or the annual Garfield
spider-man I'm the Tobey Maguire
spider-man which specifically the
spider-man spider-man octopus
I don't like candy anyway here all right
how is that trick-or-treaters be honest
what am I gonna do when good me comes
here for my health payment they probably
won't even show up Danny what I don't
think it is let's check it Tim you won't
stop ringing the doorbell oh you don't
want to see this hello I'm the Cat in
the Hat there's no doubt about that I'll
take your house payment here or there
I'll take your house payment anywhere on
a bus or a play or a car or a train what
are you gonna keep rhyming I try to
rhyme every time I talk so give me a
tape measure so I can measure Bob stop
suck I was going to say sock okay well
uh look good man I don't really have the
health payment wow I'm in
job the clock is ticking tick-tock you
have one hour to give me your house
payment or I'll hit you in the head with
a rock look Mari this rhyming thing's
hard
oh I had your house payment and it was
sitting right here on the table and then
my son Jeffy gave it to her trick or
treater instead of candy Wow Mario I
didn't know you were handing out house
payments this trick-or-treat candy is in
that case trick-or-treat well I'm gonna
go try to find the person who have the
money and I'll bring it back to you okay
all right oh wait in your house and I'll
be as quiet as a mouse unless you come
back with no money because then I'll be
mad okay all right you're gonna ride
with me and you gonna help me find the
spider-man kid you gave my money to okay
you remember what he looks like so come
on all right Jeffy where's this kid at
Oh hey spider-man which one what do you
mean which one wait Sophia which actor
Oh
octopus octopus only know of Andrew
Garfield no that's wrong spider-man
who's the new Tom Holland other guys
Tobey Maguire oh okay yeah you want some
more candy okay yeah I have a bunch of
candy back at my house so if you just
get in the truck we can go get some more
candy but my mommy said not to talk to
strangers yeah but I'm not a stranger
I'm just trying to give you some come on
it's gotta be in here somewhere
Mario I do not want candy I want my
house paint I know and I promise you
it's in this bucket oh wow you were
telling the truth oh and look a maybe
roof see you next month Mario okay
oh my gosh I'm so glad I found the money
and I was able to pay my health favorite
whoo
that could have gotten bad oh that must
be more trick-or-treaters oh just give
candy happy Halloween take whatever
candy you'd like did you steal this kids
Halloween candy oh no that's my candy
right yeah yeah stealing candy from a
little boy on Halloween you're a monster
I needed it more than he did why you're
a grown man just buy some candy for
yourself oh I forgot you like candy corn
oh that's the real crime here was it
there was money in here I needed the
money
oh so it's just a regular robbery then
no no it was my money but my son gave
him money is that a candy I had to get
it back and you couldn't just ask him
for the money back well I guess I could
just done that yeah you could have just
give them the candy won't forget this
ever happened
here's your candy back I can't grab dad
I don't have hands right now I'll just
put it on your neck it's not gonna work
chief
all right look I'm still gonna write you
a ticket for that candy corn look so fat
all right guys are you ready to go
trick-or-treating Oh Cody who are you
supposed to be I Mojo Jojo who's that
you know from the Powerpuff Girls he's
like a monkey what's his name
Mojo Jojo that's his name yeah oh I'm
Curious George George you can't just put
on a shirt and say it's a costume look
dude I went to the goodwill and found
this shirt in the basket so I'm curious
dork now all right so you guys are both
monkeys yeah well I'm Pauly world yeah I
can see that yeah he's pretty cool he's
not a monkey yeah yeah so pokemons dude
I know he's not a monkey though so you
guys ready to go trick-or-treating or
not well actually my mom says I can't do
it trick or treating because some maniac
is out there putting thumbtacks and all
the candies oh dude awesome I love
thumbtacks so you can't go
trick-or-treating yeah boy okay I'm
gonna sit you're not no
trick-or-treating then but the doctor
[Music]