Daddy they messed up my SpongeBob book
how'd they mess up your SpongeBob book
Jeffy look and see for yourself notice
anything wrong with it uh they're not
underwater no SpongeBob has two tongues
he's got one down here and one up here
licking his eyeball he does have two
tongues that's so silly it's not silly
mommy this is serious business this is a
colossal
by SpongeBob SquarePants you know how
many people this have to go through
before it hit the shelves someone's
getting fired today unless they can
confirm that SpongeBob actually does
have two tongues and then I'll get over
it Jeffy just calm down and read your
book no cause I'm gonna call Nickelodeon
and fire somebody after I give him a
piece of my mind
there's someone at the door hello hey
Marvin I need your help we need help
with Goodman you're poor right yeah well
I need you to teach me how to be poor
teach how to be poor why well I just
found out that I have another kid down
in Mexico or some and the mom's
wanting me to pay her five million
dollars a month in child support I
didn't know Taco Bell was that expensive
I mean I can afford it I just don't want
to so what I did was is I moved all my
money to an offshore bank account and
then now I have to live off the least
amount of money as possible for the next
few months while the judge goes through
my bank accounts because I don't want
him to see that I have a lot of money so
I need your help to teach me how to be
poor well I mean I'm really busy I don't
think I can do that right now I'll pay
you ten thousand dollars I mean sure
yeah I can teach you how to be poor so
rule number one don't give people money
because poor people can't afford to get
people money well if I don't give you
money then how am I going to get you to
do what I want you to do by being nice
ew
and uh the next rule is come here so
another thing you can do to be more poor
is not drive a Lamborghini not drive a
Lamborghini what else am I supposed to
drive a bicycle ew no no you don't have
to drive a bicycle you can drive a car
you just need something more poor hmm
more poor I know exactly what you mean
I'm gonna go buy one oh okay where's
Goodman at what the
all right Marvin I did what you said I
bought a poor car this is not a poor car
this is expensive it literally has the
word poor in the name it's a Porsche
it's still expensive though listen
Marvin I can't go any lower than this
it's already shitty well it's not a
shitty car this is really nice no it is
shitty it's Porsche it's poor shitty and
it's offensive because it was named
after George Bush a 911. it's a Porsche
911. oh okay fine so you're saying is
the cheapest car you'll go yeah I can't
do anything less than this Marvin it's
shitty
oh okay well at least it's a start you
got rid of the Lamborghini so let's go
work on some other stuff all right hey
baby I need your help what's wrong
Marvin well Goodman paid us ten thousand
dollars to teach him how to be poor wait
he spent ten thousand dollars to learn
how to be poor yeah I already told him
that poor people can't hand out money
okay good and I told him that poor
people can't drive a Lamborghini okay so
what other things can we teach them to
be poor well poor people don't walk
around everywhere in a nice suit so
you're gonna have to change your clothes
you want me to get rid of my elephant
 suit 75 endangered African
elephants were poached for their
 to make this suit this suit
cost me 55 million dollars I take a bath
in it I sleep in it I'm not getting rid
of this well why don't you sell it if
you need the money sell it I will never
sell this suit I will be buried in this
suit well how about you just take it off
because if the judge sees you walking
around in a 55 million dollar suit he's
gonna make you pay child support you're
right so what am I supposed to wear to
be poor all right look I'll pick out
poor outfit come on all right baby I
picked out an outfit for him I've looked
like Old MacDonald without his farm no I
think you look nice e-i-e I know I don't
I look like I smell bad if a kid said
hey Dad does that man smell bad he's
gonna say yes yes he does stay away from
him he's stinky my name is Mr Goodman
not Mr Goodwill well Goodwill is where
we got this outfit from and it smells
like the person who owned it before me
 my pants well it only cost five
dollars well I would pay five dollars
not to wear this well look when the
judge sees you wearing this he's not
gonna make you pay child support yeah
you're right he's probably gonna feel
bad for me and make the woman pay me
child support well that's what we're
going for right oh I guess oh I'm
getting kind of hungry I want a filet
mignon I think I'm gonna have chives
prepare my meal oh chives wait wait no
no no no no all right sir here is your
eight ounce filet mignon cooked medium
rare are you sure it's eight ounces
because it looks more like seven I can
assure you that it's eight so I waited
before I cooked it let's see about that
sounds like seven well sir when you cook
meat it doesn't maintain I'm not
listening Josh did you take a bite out
of my carrot it was more of a nibble set
but I had to make sure that it was
cooked thoroughly well next time eat the
 thing get out of here Bugs Bunny
yes sir but before I go I must ask why
are you dressed like a farmer ask Marvin
well Goodman wants to act poor for a few
months good luck with that well good man
you can't eat all this yes I can I'm a
growing boy well no no I meant like poor
people don't eat this kind of food
you're telling me poor people don't eat
filet mignon no I'm gonna starve what am
I supposed to eat then oh look I will go
cook you a meal that poor people eat do
not eat this because if you want to look
good for the judge do not eat food like
this hold on
all right good man I made you dinner are
you eating your steak no it was a fly
there's no way a fly to that big a bite
yes he did he was a big old bastard
listen Goodman here's your ramen noodles
instant lunch ew poor what is this it's
called ramen noodles and it's really
cheap but it's really good who's roaming
and why do I have to eat his noodles
because it's really cheap and it's
really good try it and what is this a
Rice Krispie Treat no that's what the
noodles looks like before you cook it it
looks like dried worms ew you're trying
to poison me help help chives he's
trying to poison me what's going on sir
he's trying to make me eat ramen's
noodles look that's what I had for lunch
today sir oh no somebody called Poison
Control drives has been poisoned well
it's it's actually a pretty good sir oh
no the worms must be eating your brain
and making you delusional hell
Goodman listen everyone eats ramen
noodles it's really good and look you
can't keep calling your butler because
poor people don't have Butlers well if I
can't call my butler then who's gonna
wipe my ass you ew my hand has got to go
near my ass crack poor listen poor
people wipe their own butt so tell your
butler you'll see them in a few months
oh chives go to your room in the
basement and I'll be home in a few
months very well I was uh
he's trying to feed me worms ooh Ramen
how does everyone know who who Ramen is
in his word
hate being poor I can't drive my
Lamborghini I have to dress like Ronald
McDonald I have to eat ramen's worms and
what's next you're gonna tell me I have
to wash my own clothes yeah
I gotta go lay down oh no no I can't do
this anymore I can't do this come on
good man you can do this don't call me
Goodman call me poor man because that's
what I am well if you can't do this and
you have to pay that woman five million
a month in child support I'm not paying
her five million dollars a month that
kid's not worth it that's a lot of money
Marvin well if you don't want to pay it
then you've got to learn how to be poor
all right I guess you're right Marvin
just go give me some water and let me
clear my head uh uh boss water sparkling
please no poor people don't drink
Sparkling Voss water Fiji no Evian no we
drink water from the sink
kitchen sink
yes the bikes at the house hey you poor
listen it's called tap water well I'm
tapping out well listen you've got to
drink stuff like that if you want to be
poor what's other stuff they can do to
save money well what do you spend most
of your money on well my haircut cost
twenty thousand dollars well why is that
haircut twenty thousand dollars because
three naked girls cut my hair while
giving me pina coladas well we're not
doing that anymore your haircut should
only cost twenty dollars twenty dollars
if they're gonna stab me in the eye with
scissors or something that doesn't
usually happen what else do you spend
your money on well I did put a 250 000
down payment to go see the Titanic in a
submarine but that guy hasn't called me
back I think he's ignoring me okay look
you can't buy stupid stuff like that and
if you're gonna buy stuff you have to go
cheap oh so you're telling me not to
take my big private Jedi guy take my
little one no no private jets poor
people don't have private jets well then
how am I supposed to fly to Paris for
lunch you're not gonna fly to Paris for
lunch and if you have to fly You're
Gonna Fly cheap like Spirit Airlines
cheap I'm not gonna fly cheap when I'm
flying through the air look it's called
Spirit Airlines the nice Airline what if
I fly Spirit Airlines I'm gonna turn it
into a spirit listen it's just what you
gotta do to be poor wait my phone's
ringing it's my son Richard calling
hello hello hey Dad me and my friends
are down here in Orlando trying to run
out Disney World for the day and they're
telling me that it costs four million
dollars but my credit limit's only 3
million so can you give me the other
million hold on Richard
son he's in trouble he's down in Orlando
trying to rent out Disney World for the
day and they told him that it's gonna be
four million dollars in his credit
limit's only 3 million so do I give him
the other million no but yo yell at me
no you gotta tell him no you're poor but
I don't want him to yell at me who cares
you're poor now tell him no
fine Richard no what the
no when you want me to be poor that's
embarrassing you want me to be
embarrassed when I go back to school and
be poor hold on Richard Richard no
you're not getting that other million
dollars I'm putting my foot down I'm
gonna increase your credit limit okay I
love you bye all right put my foot down
not gonna give him that million dollars
see good you
you three million dollar credit limit I
think you should lower it to like a
hundred dollars I agree and I'll tell
him that later okay so look we're saving
money already Okay so let's go teach you
how to unclog the toilet what Marvin
Good News Jeffy already clogged the
toilet that's good so now you can learn
so look sometimes when you're taking a
poop it gets stuck in the toilet and you
gotta push it down with the plunger yeah
I'm done what I'm just gonna pay the
woman five million dollars a month in
child support why because I don't want
to be a caveman and push my down
the toilet with a stick you only have to
do that if it gets stuck oh great yeah
I'm definitely done so enjoy dressing
like a farmer enjoy eating Roman's worms
and enjoy being poor you taught me to
feel worse for poor people so now when I
see them on the side of the road I'm
just gonna drive by them faster and
enjoy the ten thousand dollars I'm done
here so Marvin what are we gonna do with
the ten thousand dollars I have no idea
hey Danny I called Nickelodeon about
this SpongeBob situation and what'd they
say about the two tongues they said once
for the pink and one for the steak what
yeah they told me that if I wanted to
change that I have to pay to have it
republished so how much would that cost
ten thousand dollars
Jeffy no
[Music]