all right guys are you ready to eat our
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches dude
you know i love my pb js jesus joseph
leave some peanut butter and jelly for
the rest of the world no it's all for me
the only thing i like about pb and j is
the bj part what the butter and jelly
you missed the point of the joke but
sure all right let's just eat our peanut
butter and jellies
joseph looks like he's almost done
he's mine
okay
i don't know what part of mine i should
eat just eat the whole sandwich dude
it's god
guys it tastes kind of weird what are
you talking about
i don't know i just i don't really feel
good
my throat's closing up
guys i can't breathe you should have
gotten vaccinated i did there's
something wrong with this there's
nothing wrong with the sandwich it's
just peanut butter and jelly coat you
stop acting ridiculous hey guys help me
cody how's your sandwich i mean joseph
how's your sandwich oh it's delicious oh
can i get another one dude yeah let's go
make another one
holy
cody why do you like rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer
we should call a doctor or something or
we should call santa because he's
missing one of his reindeer
hilarious cody stop acting ridiculous
we're going upstairs come on come on
rudolph all right cody just lay right
here and watch tv until you feel better
i need a doctor please dr pepper no
joseph get my dr pepper all right i'm
ready dude
i got you a dr pepper you need to cut
the dark sodas out it's not good for you
no i need a doctor soon dr seuss book no
joseph get him dr seuss book oh dr seuss
oh yeah dinosaur is good for you i got
the cat in the hat it's my face no i
need a doctor to make me feel better dr
dr phil go print out a picture of dr
phil all right dude
all right the doctor's right here here's
dr phil no i need a medical doctor dr
phil is a medical doctor joseph google
his degree all right dude i'm on it all
right it says right here he went to
midwestern state university in 1975 then
he went to university of north texas in
1979 i don't care then he went to the
university of tulsa but he doesn't say
when but he went yeah so dr phil is a
medical doctor so say sorry to him no
call me a doctor call you a doctor if
you don't consider dr phil a doctor why
would we call you a doctor i would not
get a checkup by you dude call it doctor
on the phone oh he needs us to call him
a doctor he could have just said that
yeah yeah let me go call him hey there
somebody call a doctor ew is that dr
phil get him out of here i refuse to
work in front of dr phil he reminds me
of my creepy uncle and i don't like them
okay wait is that a dr pepper get that
out of here too dr pepper gives doctors
a bad name yeah get a mr pibb instead he
knows his place wait is that the cat in
the hat i hate cats especially when they
wear hats it's unnatural get that out of
here
all right what's up well my friend was
eating a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich and then he started acting like
a drama queen oh no it looks like he's
having some kind of allergic reaction a
whitey what what an allergic reaction i
think he was probably allergic to the
peanut butter you can be allergic to
peanut butter yeah it probably just has
a nut allergy look you just stabbed him
with this epipen that'll cure him right
up yeah
oh my god doctor what happened well i
think you're probably just allergic to
nuts allergic to nuts now i can't be
allergic to nuts i love nuts i love nuts
in my mouth i love all kinds of nuts i
love big nuts small nuts round nuts
crunchy nuts deez nuts got him well even
even his last name has nuts his last
name is nut kiss yeah and he likes dudes
it's impossible for him to stay away
from nuts i'm sorry kid you're just
gonna have to stay away from nuts from
now on if you don't want to die
stay away from nuts
[Applause]
he's so ugly when he cries he's hideous
dude he
yes it is junior i'm allergic to nuts
that's my whole thing i love nuts
everybody knows how much i love nuts god
we get it you're so gay shut up oh yeah
cody you can just like something else
now what my girls ew i'll just lay here
and be sad forever well i'm hungry dude
i need some m m's okay i have an eminem
oh sure buddy hey code do you want
eminem what kind are they uh it's
chocolate dude okay
here you go buddy
wait what kind of eminem to these uh
chocolate but it says peanut on the back
you can't have nuts oh i forgot oh cody
what do you need the pen he needs a pen
oh i can i can get a pen dude he wants
to write down what's wrong okay oh here
you go buddy here's a pin not that bad
he doesn't want that pen why because
it's brown huh you wanted a drink from a
separate water fountain huh no no epipen
a safety pin oh safety pins you need a
safety pin
dude hurry
here's the safety pin buddy you know
oh
he needs this pen oh he could have said
this oh the pin that'll save his life
hold on buddy i got it
you guys could have killed me with those
peanuts dude i didn't know it was
peanuts in there i was just trying to
give you a snack it says peanuts right
there in the wrapper you're gonna have
to start reading off the wrappers from
now on eminem snoop dogg tupac what are
you doing you said i need to start
reading off the wrappers but note the
candy wrappers well then say candy
wrappers next time do you guys have any
candy i can have that isn't full of
peanuts uh yeah i got a candy bar right
here are there peanuts in it no it says
hershey on the wrapper dude okay i'll
have a piece of that then okay buddy
here you go thanks
how is this possible are there peanuts
in that um
cody does not say there's peanuts in it
read the wrapper uh tupac eminem the
candy wrapper oh um it says uh it says
hershey's milk chocolate with whole
almonds but it does not say peanuts
oh my god what's wrong with you almonds
are nuts all men are nuts i thought you
like guys no
you don't like guys
he likes girls now
no i love jake yeah you're allergic to
nuts but there's no nuts in this there's
just almonds
i can't use that pen unless you're
having an allergic reaction i am on what
there's no nuts in here
okay if you die for me using this one
it's not supposed to be you it's your
fault
okay okay that's everybody stay the hell
away from me why acted like that cody
because i was having an allergic
reaction because almonds are a kind of
nut you're a nut what the hell you guys
are gonna kill me what almonds are not a
nut yes they are then why doesn't it
have nut in the name there's peanuts
walnuts hazelnuts macadamia nut
almond okay what about cashews what the
hell is that you just making up stuff
now okay that's it i don't trust any of
you with food anymore we did not know
that almonds were nuts it's really
confusing they should put nut in the
name it should be called an almond nut
but they don't have to do that because
everybody already knows it i didn't know
that joseph didn't know that okay look
cody how about we go eat a bowl of
cereal there's nothing bad with cereal
okay i guess that's safe as long as it's
not honey nut cheerios it won't be that
it'll be like fruit loops or something
okay all right guys are you ready to eat
some minecraft creeper crunch well you
guys made a really big mess last time
we'll get chef clean up later just make
sure it doesn't get near me just stay
over there okay are you sure there's no
nuts in the cereal there's no nuts in it
cody it says the cinnamon flavored
cereal with marshmallows ooh
marshmallows okay do you like it joseph
uh it's okay i would rather have some
lucky charms dude i think i have some
lucky choices
oh what now cody there has to be nuts
somewhere there's no nuts in this cereal
look at the box look at the box
what's wrong where are the nuts i don't
know i mean the milk is sponsored by
almonds yeah look look it says right
here sponsored by almonds that might be
the olympics yeah the olympics you guys
that's almond milk what's almond milk
it's milk that comes from the almonds
you can't get milk from almonds almonds
do not have titties or udders you can
get milk from almonds
milk them right now yeah i want to see
your milk
you guys they need the pan you're not
getting the pan until you show us milk
coming from almonds please give me the
pan come upstairs
[Music]
all right cody explain the almond milk
thing look almond milk comes from
almonds how all right show me milk em
right now i'll give you five dollars
keep those things away from me i'm gonna
need the pen again the how can milk come
from these almonds look i don't
understand it either okay i just know
that if i eat those again i'm gonna die
so you're allergic to milk too yeah sure
i'm allergic to milk
who's that
what pj crenshaw hey what's up did you
just walk into my house well yeah it's
raining pj doesn't want to get his pj's
wet uh that makes sense pj doesn't get
wet he makes things wet isn't that right
ladies yeah i have a slip and slide at
my house maybe you can come over
sometime it would be an honor pj but
what are you doing here i just wanted to
hang like the scooby doo gang you know
see what's going on oh yeah i would love
to hang out okay where's the couch
upstairs who's at the door junior pj
crenshaw perry jimmy's crystal jamie
james quinshaw that's the one hey guys
what's up oh it's an honor to be in your
presence mr crenshaw what's he doing
here i don't know but he brought hot
girls if pj thinks you're cool then
you're totally hot wanna make out dude
they want us yeah i just wanted to come
over and hang out with the normal people
you know see what it's like to be a
normal kid i can't believe you breast
made a mess in that kitchen with those
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches you
better come downstairs to clean it up
right now huh peanut butter and jelly my
middle name is brandon so my initials
are pbj pbj crenshaw chili james grisham
cut the crust off crenshaw
hey who wants to go eat peanut butter
and jelly sandwiches with me my tree i
want to eat the peanut butter jelly
there you go i want to eat them i i i
can't excuse me
cody i'm sorry i just can't are you
really gonna deny my free offer to have
a feast of peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches you hearing this lady he just
said no to pj crenshaw that's not cool
we're not gonna make out with you
anymore i don't know cody doesn't know
he's talking about cody can you eat a
thousand peanut butter jelly sandwiches
yeah yeah i saw him eat 25 minutes ago
yeah what no i didn't know he could eat
more peanut butter jelly sausage than
anyone i've ever met oh really well it
sounds like you're challenging me to a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich eating
contest yeah he is no i'm not he can eat
more than anyone can eat in the entire
world all right then it's official we're
gonna have a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich eating contest and whoever can
eat the most peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches wins but junior why would you
do that you know i can't eat peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches well we
don't want those girls to leave us yeah
junior i'm gonna die well no if you
start freaking out we'll stab you with
the epipen and save your life it's for
emergencies only this is an emergency
don't eat those peanut butter jelly
sandwich come on dude all right whoever
can eat all five of these peanut butter
and jelly sandwiches first is the winner
uh guys i really don't want to do this
come on cody get through it for us you
can do it for the girls yeah do it first
dude come on okay we'll have the pen
ready all right three two one go
guys
[Applause]
wow i can't believe you lost cody
i got your stupid epipen but now that
you lost girls will never talk to us hey
there champ what pj creature god is that
you you know kid even though you lost
the contest you really gulped down those
sandwiches you showed some real fight
and i'm proud of you keep your head up
champ i'll see you around ladies give
this boy some treatment okay
we just got kissed on the cheek dude i
just lost my v card oh cody you got us
kissed by girls i don't care i need the
pen oh right the pen
[Music]
okay let's end up going home no don't go
home cody you got girls to kiss us yeah
i lost my v car dude if i stay here i'm
gonna die no no we don't have to eat any
more stuff no more nut stuff let's just
sit back and watch a nice calm movie
okay that seems safe enough what movie
do you want to watch i don't care you
pick joseph what movie you want to watch
definitely not big hero 6 dude do not
ever bring that movie up in front of me
ever again i hate big hero it's the
worst movie in the world
what if we watch the nutty professor
i'm not allergic i just hate that movie
[Music]