yeah you suck you suck at fortnite hey
Jeffy me and Rose want to watch TV so
stop playing your video game hold on
Daddy somebody shooting at me I got to
get the
kill Jeffy incoming back to the lobby
you go Jeffy this game is very violent
yeah turn it off Jeffy oh [ __ ] he's
shooting at me Daddy hold on oh no no he
took my shield I got to put him in a box
peekaboo good
night she dny have mky hoes I mean Jeffy
you really are good at this game Marvin
I don't think Jeffy should be playing
this it has guns hold on Daddy I hear
shooting shine that pushy boy a beamed
beamed beam beam oh you want him too get
out my Lobby [ __ ] Jeffy language
mommy they suck at the game I have to
let them know just wait till I call him
the nword what hold on Daddy I see
someone come here boy oh come here boy
where are you going where are you going
boy yeah you can't run from me all right
Jeffy that's enough turn off the game
but Daddy there's only two people left I
have to finish the game to get the dub
okay after this game you're turning it
off all right last one left I'm going to
make you dance yeah that's right boy
yeah Dance For Me dance for Daddy yeah
keep dancing yeah you like that I'm
going to show you my favorite dance move
by yeah
Victory wait you won the whole thing
yeah dny cuz I'm cracked at this game
you do what Jeffy crack have to in order
to beat these sweats all right Jeffy
turn off the game we want to watch TV oh
come on Daddy can I play one more game I
have 212 crowns and I've been trying to
get to 2 13 all day how long does one
game last 20 minutes but I can probably
get that down to 10 if I start Noob
tubing okay Jeffy me and Rose are going
to go do something for 20 minutes in the
bedroom 20 minutes maybe if we take a
nap we'll be right back so you better be
done in 20 minutes all right ready up on
these hoes all right Jeffy it's been 20
minutes time to get off the game hold on
D I've been sucking all game I haven't
gotten a single kill but I'm still in
the top two I just don't know where each
other guy is oh beamed beamed what's
happening I'm getting shot at daddy hold
on what are you going to do I'm about to
crank 90s on these hoes what does crank
90s mean it's where you build up oh [ __ ]
daddy hold on I can't talk right now I'm
getting [ __ ] wa what are you going to
do we shoot at him I'm going I'm going
to try I just hit him for 90 oh [ __ ] D
he made me dance well stop dancing I
can't I Can't Stop Dancing he keeps
throwing Boogie bombs at me well run off
the side I can't I'll fall over and die
so then what are you going to do bend
over and take it up the teleport oh [ __ ]
I got my cheeks clapped my cheek Clapper
1 2 three three well you can't win them
all Jeffy no Daddy he cheated he kept
throwing Boogie bombs at me so I
couldn't move isn't that how you killed
the guy last round yeah but it's funny
when I do it but when they do it it's
cheating Jeffy go to your room no I hate
this game Jeffy go to your room I'm
going to go destroy my room you're only
going to be hurting
yourself I hate you cheek Clapper 123
three Jiffy sounds really upset Marvin
over a video game he'll get get over it
and like you said he shouldn't be
playing violent video games like that
anyway Marvin look the
news breaking news fortnite is holding a
competition tonight at the convention
center 100 players will all play
together and the last player standing
will win $1 million $1 million we have
to enter Jeffy in that competition what
Marvin you just agreed he shouldn't be
playing that video game it's too violent
but jeffy's really good at fortnite he
he was cranking '90s you don't even know
what that means it means he's cracked at
the game that's what that means so I'm
going to go enter Jeffy in the
competition cuz we're going to win a
million dollars hey Jeffy how about you
come back to the couch and play some
more fortnite well Danny after a long
thorough calm conversation with myself
I've decided I'm never playing fortnite
ever again why not because all it does
is make me mad and brings out the worst
in me I've picked up a more mature game
a man's game I'm going to be the grand
wizard of chess chess yep just as soon
as I figure out how to play it now you
see Daddy chess is a lot harder than
Checkers because in chess you get to
move on all the spaces listen Jeffy
there's a competition in fortnite and
you win a million doll so you're going
to win it well that's all fine and dandy
but I've given up fortnite forever what
okay I guess cheek Clapper 1233 is
always going to be better than you he's
not better than me he just had Boogie
bombs well I'm going to go watch cheat
Clapper 1 12 33 win this competition
maybe I'll adopt him okay fine Daddy
I'll play fortnite come on okay Jeffy
we're here at the fortnite competition
but I guess we're the first ones here
ladies and Gentlemen please calm down
the champion has a wi oh my God Zach
you're so good at fortnite yeah Zach uh
ladies I Wily told you not to distract
me before my game hey Jeffy it looks
like that guy's good at fortnite well
ask him if he's good are you good at
fortnite are you freaking serious right
now he just asked me if I'm good at
fortnite Abby am I good at fortnite he's
pretty [ __ ] good yeah I would say I'm
pretty cracked bro I will literally
gritty on you I always well right now
well I guess he's pretty good Jeffy well
ask him how many crowns he has how many
crowns you have
617 is that a
lot is that a lot of crowns hey Abby is
that a lot of crowns hell yeah that's a
lot of crowns Tiffany is that a lot of
crowns yeah yeah I would say that's a
lot of crowns well if you're really good
at the game maybe you and Jeffy can play
sometime what's your username my
username is cheek Clapper one two 33
cheek Clapper one two 3 3 you Boogie
bombed me and killed me no freaking way
that was you ladies this is the guy that
I made do the Boogie wogie then shotgun
in the
face oh my God that's so embarrassing
for him but seriously bro your build
game is super whack it's like the
leaning tower of P off you're not even
good at the game you need Boogie bombs
to win don't hate the player hit a game
well where are the other players oh it's
just me and him because everyone's too
SC scared to play against the Zach
Attack I wouldn't want to play him
either he's so good so it seems to me
like you have two options you can either
leave and protect your booty cheeks from
being capped or you can play against me
and be humiliated when I pull your pants
down and Wily proceed to crap your
cheeks in front of the whole nation in
full okay I'm not backing down I want my
revenge are you freaking serious right
now you want to get your cheps crapped
that badly with ladies go grab the lube
and how about you go ahead and P your
pants down for me to make it easier
you're not going to clap my cheeks I'm
going to clap your cheeks yeah right
your funeral ladies let's go grab some
more Lube you know I hate D cheeks don't
worry Jeffy I think you can beat them
I'm going to try dadd hello and welcome
to the fortnite Battle Competition we
only have two competitors today but the
winner gets 1
million prepare to play Bad News Jeffy I
couldn't find any wood Bo so it looks
like I'm going to have to r on those
booty cheeks you can still back out if
you want to at least that way you can
still poop properly I never poop
properly I'm constipated as [ __ ] come on
Jeffy you got to win don't worry Daddy
I'm going to use my taco skin you're
totally going to win Zach yeah Zach
ladies away from the TV please I need me
some man cheeks today okay let the match
begin I see you trying to hide behind
that tree well seriously you just took
all my Dam oh I got to build up and get
The High Ground like obi-1 Kenobi make a
rain bullets bro stop clanking '90s and
learn to play the game I do know how to
play the game why you learn how to play
the game and get good kid match my
height bro you Wily trash I'm dress
you're the one that's hiding come out
and fight me I'm not hiding oh I just
took your Shield bro you're so booty
cheeks in the game My grandma Wily
better than you oh really then why don't
you build up to me then fight me like a
man well I'm trying but you're building
Empire State Building take this boogie
bomb bro stop it dance for me are you
ser serious stand for Daddy I don't want
to stop it you like that Boogie bomb
how's it feel seriously knock it off
yeah K take that again please stop
canara [ __ ] no
no Daddy I won no freaking way you know
spooky bombs you said that was cheating
don't hit the player hit the game whoo
that's my line Jeffy you're the greatest
fortnite player ever yeah you be Zach
ladies come freaking on it was only one
game you know I'm more cracked Jeffy
you're so cracked at fortnite come on
ladies you're coming with me ladies come
on ladies don't leave
ladies Jeffy I can't believe you won a
million dollars I know Denny let's go to
the bank and cash a check right now well
it's night time right now Jeffy all the
banks are closed we're going to have to
wait till tomorrow you're so rich Jeffy
pay for my transition surgery wait a
minute it says Zach Attack on the check
that's because they're used to writing
the checks to me because I always win
wait how did you get here your front
door was unlocked well why are you here
I want my ladies back we don't want to
be with you Zach you're not cracked at
fortnite I am so cracked I only lost one
game well listen they made a mistake and
they put your name on the check so I
want you to endorse this check to Jeffy
you want me to endorse that check to
Jeffy yeah endorse this check to Jeffy
and then you can get your ladies back H
okay yeah I'll do that ladies look I
have a million dollar let's go okay what
hey you can't do that let's see whose
name is on this check Zack attack suck
my balls from the back hey wait you just
stole that check I'm going to call the
cops hey there somebody call the cops
yes someone stole my son's million--
dooll check oh somebody stole a million
dollar check with your son's name on it
no it doesn't have my son's name on it
well whose name is on the check the guy
who stole it well it sounds like it
would be that guy's check no it's not
meant for him it was meant for my son
the people who gave us the check put the
guy who stole it name on it why would
they do that unless it's his check well
the guy who stole it usually gets these
checks but this time my son gets the
check and they accidentally put the
guy's name who stole its name on it but
it's meant for my son it really sounds
like you're full of [ __ ] no no no no if
you go track the guy down you can grab
the check it has his name on it but it's
he'll tell you he's going to tell you
it's for him but it's not it's for me it
it the more you talk the more it sounds
like it's that other guy's check no no
listen the money was for my son cuz my
son beat the guy who stole in a
competition to win that check and they
say that he always wins and they usually
put his name on the check and they put
his name on it so my son's name was
supposed to be on it and we were going
to get it fixed but the guy took the
check cuz his name was on it it's okay
buddy we'll get you medicated no I
promise you he stld it it wasn't meant
for him that's okay no it was meant for
my son of course the mill was a big a
million dollar mistake I know I know
buddy it's
[Music]
okay
[Music]
m