all right crafts today we're going to be
answering the question what color is a
mirror it's a very simple answer crafts
it's
what's that
oh it's my phone my phone go ring ring
oh and it's my wife ring ring
coincidentally my phone go ring ring
it's my wife ring ring anyway i'm going
to answer this phone and you guys have
uh 10 minutes to do whatever you want
hold on what do you want ring ring oh
guys we got to do whatever we want ooh
i'm going to study i'm going to play on
my phone hey penelope
you want to play spin the bottle ew why
would i want to play that so we can kiss
i don't want to kiss you junior well
let's let the bottle decide you guys are
playing spin the bottle i want to play i
guess i'll play two but i'm the only
girl here shut up i want to kiss junior
wait what spin the bottle okay
better get them lips ready junior cody
no we still have to spend one more time
to see who you kiss yeah dude i don't
want to play this anymore if i have to
kiss cody no it's too late it's already
locked in just spin it okay
please don't land on me please don't let
on me
please
penelope i get to kiss cody at least
he's hot i have to kiss a girl
gay oh dude you have to do it this is
the rules
look cody i have a crush on pinellas
please don't kiss her it is the rules
junior just make it quick
[Music]
i got it on video guys ooh send it to me
you get it on video i'm gonna go show
kids no dude okay
junior please don't show ken why are you
doing this you kissed the girl i like he
did he did dude i didn't want to it was
spin the bottle you could have said no
yeah you could have said no you could
have said no but those are the rules i
didn't like it oh you didn't like it
that kiss lasted for 30 seconds i
wouldn't be surprised if she ended up
pregnant you can't get pregnant from
kissing dude your tongue was down her
throat she's definitely pregnant yeah i
saw your tight in her mouth so you know
what it's gonna be really shocking the
kin when i show them this video of you
being
straight
but i'm not straight i'm as straight as
a circle that's how not straight i am
well ken's gonna be really shocked when
you see this video no junior don't show
him junior come on please don't show my
boyfriend that video it's too late cody
i'm gonna show ken that video no junior
come on i'll do anything anything
anything yeah just name it okay make a
time machine go back in time and stop
yourself from kissing penelope junior i
can't make a time machine today that's
not the point of this video and also we
can't just make time machines whenever
we have problems well i guess that's
your problem cody no come on junior i'll
do anything else okay i know i'll give
you a hundred dollars not to show can
the video you'll give me a hundred
dollars not the show can the video yeah
okay deal oh thank you so much junior
i'm gonna take a screenshot of the video
and show ken a picture of you kissing
penelope no junior that's not fair it's
not fair that you kissed penelope and i
didn't what no don't come on please i'm
on my knees for you
oh i'm on my knees for you but no please
junior don't show can the video wait a
minute
i got an idea what dude i know what he
can do oh what
stop hitting me with the money all right
cody if you can get penelope to kiss me
i'll delete the video okay okay that's
not that hard okay yeah i'll call her
but you have her number damn y'all might
as well get married now dude well yeah
it's just sometimes we study over the
phone what oh man dude they're all ready
i can't believe you cody what did you
want me to call her or not yes call her
but call her in front of me i don't know
what you say to her okay fine
okay it's ringing wait what do you have
her name saved as in your phone
princellopee princellopee i thought to
say wifey hi cody
hey penelope why are you calling me cody
you want another kiss i didn't no no no
not for me could you just come over to
junior's house ew no i don't want to go
over there what
what if i'm here yeah i'll come over
okay bye queen yes
what bye queen so you her king huh well
no i'm a princess we're both princesses
look it's a whole thing
whenever she comes over here i'll tell
her to kiss you okay
wow she came fast wow she comes fast for
you doesn't she cody shut up junior i'll
go answer the door and talk to her uh
hello hi cody
hey so what do you want to do
uh i need you to do something for me
okay anything um
i need you to go upstairs and kiss
junior oh no i don't want to do that
come on he's blackmailing me and the
only way he'll stop is if you kiss him
hmm how about this if you kiss me one
more time then i'll kiss junior
okay fine but let's make it quick oh no
i want 10 mississippis mississippis i
don't even like mississippi do you want
me to help you with junior or not
okay fine let's go go go
[Music]
you kissed her again cody no no i did
this for you it was for you how was that
for me because now she's going to kiss
you you're going to kiss him right oh no
that was not 10 mississippi's well come
on 10 mississippi oh dude you're a
traitor why'd y'all do mississippi
that's like the longest state why didn't
you do like utah or ohio well i didn't
even want mississippi what's next a
democratic republic of congo what look
at that no yeah video show kid i'm
showing kidnapping
come on junior new please i'm sorry no
i'm gonna go to your house and show ken
this video no junior please no i'm
showing king cause you're the worst
friend ever well i'm not even gonna let
you in my house oh yeah we'll see about
that
don't you close that door cody
hey
let me in
cody why you so out of breath yeah
somebody chasing you boy no it's just
wait a minute
yeah yeah someone's chasing me
kidnappings
oh no no one's kidnapping my little boy
tyrone get the bear i'm on it
wait a minute you're not a kidnapper no
i'm not cody there's three spankings
later for lying oh what i told you about
but what do you need well i just wanted
to show his doll this picture of cody
kissing a girl oh my god he kissed a
girl right here
that's so precious by the way i gotta
see this i gotta see this oh thank you
jewish jesus thank you my son is a man
my son like women's not here p.i.m.p a
pill oh my god tyrone a little boy's a
pimp just like you you know it baby oh
we gotta celebrate yeah come on in okay
hey cody junior what are you doing here
your parents let me in
what the hell is this it's a straight
case huh a straight cake yeah for years
we've been praying and hoping that you
finally realized you were straight and
thanked you was jesus that you realized
it but i'm not straight cody you kissed
a girl you liked it that's what katy
perry i didn't like it it was gross
that's not the lyrics to the song son
i'm gonna go show ken the picture but
guys i gotta go what you don't want
almost drinking son more straight cake
for us well i love me some straight kate
hey ken i got a picture to show you look
no
they're too late cody he already saw
okay can i can explain okay we were at
school today and junior wanted to play
spin the bottle and i said yes because i
wanted to kiss him because you know how
that is but the bottle landed on
penelope so i had to kiss her so i did
it but i didn't like it and then junior
took a video of it and then he said that
he'd show you so i paid him a hundred
dollars not to show you and then he said
he'd show you a screenshot of the video
and so so that's what you saw there but
but i promise i i didn't even want to do
it i would never cheat on you unless
it's with junior because that's what we
agreed on but it was too late cody he
already saw the photo so look so cody
cheated on you with a girl jen you're
not mad are you
oh thank god what do you say ken said
it's okay as long as it was just a kiss
well it wasn't just a kid look they're
using tongue and everything like
they totally like made out right there
no no no i didn't use any tongue well
ask ken what would happen if penelope
got pregnant from that kiss well she's
not pregnant would i ask ken what would
happen if penelope got pregnant from
that kiss okay ken what would happen if
penelope got pregnant
uh okay well he said he would never talk
to me again
junior what are you doing well i need my
phone
junior so what are you paying me a
hundred dollars for again you're gonna
knock on cody's door and when he answers
you're gonna tell him you're pregnant
and you're gonna repeat everything i say
in your ear pod but why because
just do it you want 100 right yeah duh
just do it
ken you're not mad are you i'll give you
back massages every night i'd never
leave you or hurt you wait a minute
who's that hello penelope what are you
doing here say you got me pregnant you
got me pregnant no i didn't yes you did
you kissed me so hard you got me
pregnant yes you did you kissed me so
hard you got me pregnant that's
impossible no it's not the scientists
announced on the news today that kissing
can get you pregnant no scientists on
the news today announced that kissing
can get you pregnant what
okay look i'm gonna have to see a
pregnancy test before i even believe
this well i i threw it away because i
was so mad i threw it away because i'm
so mad okay just do another thing
chef baby i'm not hungry right now chef
pee pee i'm not hungry right now
wait a minute is junior telling you what
to say no your mom was telling me what
to say last night no your mom was
telling me what to say last night what
cody who's at the door oh my god is the
girl you kissed tyrone get in here
cody's girlfriend's here what what no
way i gotta see cody's girlfriend oh
it's a white girl to change your cheeks
my son hit the jackpot
come on in we're celebrating let's have
some cake okay come here so what's your
name sweetheart uh penelope oh that was
my grandmother's name that was my
ex-wife's name penelope man she had the
biggest cans she did he cheated on me
with it twice
actually three times baby but who's
counting
i didn't know about the third time uh
what kind of cake is this oh it's
drinking you never had no straight game
below yeah it's three cakes
what's straight cake it's some that
they made up no no no
you like boys don't you yeah so they
come by
go in the room and tell ken you're
pregnant um i have to go to the bathroom
oh wait a minute
you straight cake get cold now okay so
what am i supposed to do tell ken that
you're pregnant he should be laying on
the bed the doll yes the doll tell the
dog you're pregnant ugh
i'm pregnant no don't listen to it she's
lying what the is going on here
penelope why would you say that that's
not true junior paid me a hundred
dollars to say i'm pregnant well don't
tell him that but did you hear that baby
she said she was paid she's lying see
this is why girls are icky they lie i'm
so confused i don't see what's confusing
about this cody what did we say about
closing your door
oh my god tyrone get in here cody's in
bed with his girlfriend hold on hold on
i gotta see this oh my god my boy is a
pill
you see that baby he skipped all the
bases go straight for the home run okay
we'll leave you two little horn dogs
alone so you can boink yeah get your
boink on boy just let us know if you
need anything like some teddy grams or
capri suns or whatever it is you crazy
kids are into
yeah um what was that about my parents
are kind of stupid okay so i'm gonna go
home now and spend my hundred dollars
you're not gonna spend 100 you owe it to
me back you didn't do what i said and
i'm gonna take this earpiece out now you
can't do that i own you uh uh before you
go could you help me explain to my
parents that i'm not straight yeah sure
mom dad oh cody you done already he did
not learn that from his father i'll give
him a break tyrone it's his first time
with a girl yeah yeah no guys me and
penelope have something to tell you oh
my god wait they get married i knew it i
knew it
i guess it wasn't so bad since you want
to marry him after the first try
he did learn that from his daddy ain't
that right huh ain't it right baby yeah
i blew you back out didn't yeah you did
oh i can't wait to have little cody's
running around i'm gonna be your
granddaddy y'all know guys i'm not
straight but what about the girl cody
yeah you had a girl in your bed son and
she want to marry you after the first
time look you're doing something with
the pipe all right penelope could you
just please tell them hey great detail
please your son blew you back out
likes boys
throw the straight kick away but but
daddy throw this drinking away it's a
waste of straight cake cody there are
starving straight kids in africa who'd
love to have that cake look i am
disappointed in you cody now i gotta go
get the fruitcake out you don't have to
get the fruitcake again look cody we
love you no matter what but this
straight cake was 25 at walmart so what
kind of piss
[Music]