[Music]
Marvin this is so nice having everyone
over for New Year's Eve yeah I really
like this you know hanging out with the
white folks man Martin Luther King would
really be proud of us right now this was
his dream it's Lee Harvey oswal shot him
down damn I hate white folks that's the
wrong shooter Marvin I can't believe you
still have your Christmas tree up
Christmas was a week ago take it down
Lazy Boy The 12 Days of Christmas starts
on Christmas day no they don't Karen The
12 Days of Christmas starts 12 days
before Christmas it's not the 12 days of
New Year's Eve leave them alone Bo who
wants some really nice expensive
champagne oh wow Marvin you got the
fancy champagne oh you rich rich that's
that gold bottle oo cotti a Bo they make
expensive jewelry I found the champagne
online for like 60 bucks you can all
calm down Bo you're embarrassing me in
front of my friends I can't wait for the
ball to drop that's my favorite part
Marvin are you going to kiss me at
midnight of course I am baby yeah I'm
going to turn down them LS at midnight
then I'm going to kiss your face oh Bo
are you going to get me midnight
smooches yeah a quick one yay all right
guys here's are your New Year snacks
give me the cookies I want the cookies
Bo no sweets you're pre-diabetic Bo
you're such a but Bo you're a
doctor you did your own blood work and
your cholesterol was high I know and if
I want to die early I can die early so
Chef peee do you have a girl you can
kiss at midnight what you mean you have
to kiss someone at midnight for good
luck it's true so do you have a girl to
kiss do I have a girl to kiss silly ass
stupid ass goofy ass ass boy of
course I have a girl to kids boy he's he
dumb man I got like holes in different
area codes like ludicrous said seven to
be exact t n couple fours and fives even
a two but that's when I down bad you
know horrendous stuff like that so why
don't you just bring all seven to catch
you at midnight why I can't do that you
really trying to boy set me up be
treacherous I know how you move in
Marvin but you sad I can't do that they
already arguing over who get PP on
Monday who get PP on Saturday yeah we
can't do that uhuh okay well I mean if
you just could bring one that'd be nice
yeah yeah I got one I got two plenty of
them I'm braing one and tongue her down
right in front of y'all ugly ass guys I
don't think he has a girlfriend what
 you mean hey hey somebody
better get their bro for real for
real before I slap her ass but you lucky
I ain't got no damn sister come beat
your ass girl no please do boyy all
right everyone just calm down look just
go get a girl so we can all share this
bottle of champagne share a bottle of
champagne you like pee PE a broke boy
like I ain't never had a bottle before I
pop bottles every damn night silly ass
goofy ass dumb ass boy boy what's wrong
with you okay listen just go get your
girlfriend okay I'm bring my girlfriend
don't be mad when that ass tooted up
guys do you think he has a girlfriend no
no absolutely not he might damn it damn
it damn it why you keep doing this to
yourself pee PE you know you don't have
any hoes or a girlfriend and you lonely
as hell God why you keep lying oh man
you can't tell them the truth though
especially after that performance
they'll never let you live it down oh I
got an hour I got an hour to get a
girlfriend it's possible I can get up by
midnight how am I going to do it though
H oh oh I know I can pull out a yearbook
from when I was in high school you know
PE got them hoes especially back then I
couldn't be stopped you me oh let
me go and find it let's crack open this
yearbook and call One of These Hoes oh
is that me with my fly ass I had the
afro and everything damn I wish I still
had that fro the hoes loved it oh let's
get to the hoes page they flooded it
with numbers who's first who's first ooh
it was a nice ride Yeehaw o call me
Charlotte
Charlene I know your ass got to be down
here your sexy ass what oh Charlene
godamn somebody must have hit you with a
frying pan cuz you butt ugly uh-uh I
need Britney in my life where you at
baby oo Britney Britney oh thanks for
letting me copy your homework but you
didn't leave a number come on what the
hell Britney why you teasing all right
who else we got who else we got um I
love your hair Chloe all right where you
at Chloe since you love my hair uh come
on come on mm- mm you look like a man
Baby M we can't do
that you got nice mustache but you
didn't leave a number where's the
numbers God damn I'mma call y'all all
right I guess it's just between Charlene
and
Chloe and I'm not calling Charlene ugly
ass uh Chloe I guess it's you let me see
all right Chloe you better pick up I
know you ain't busy hello uh Hey sir I'm
trying to speak to Chloe can you hand
her the phone please this is Chloe damn
girl what happened to your voice you
sick or something you just got out of
bed I'm transitioning from a ballerina
to a male ballerina okay okay I can rock
with that you still look like a girl
though I have the penis
now oh I'm stuck with
Charlene I can't do it with her ugly ass
no no no I still got hoes though of
course BB got no hoes I just got to look
on Facebook to get a numbers what what
they at McKenzie dead Susan pregnant
Boutique
oh she's in
jail Britney only fans black
damn I'm stuck with
Charlene all right Charlene please
answer please hello what's up baby you
know what the going on what's good
with your sex side girl who's this you
like to play jokes and like you
don't know what's going on your crazy
ass crazy to yourself what's good girl
no what
man it's PE PE girl you know what's up
you know PE PE
no PE PE from u high school got pants in
the cafeteria in front of everybody they
start calling me peeee afterwards oh
it's you yeah you know what the
going on girl what's good with your sexy
ass silly what's going on how you doing
my papers ah you know me just chilling
in my maning enjoying my millions and
 tip you feel me peted my
Jaguar saw your ass in the yearbook and
I was like damn her ass still looking
fine I bet let me call her up see what's
up you know she probably wifey material
man squeeze type I bet she know how
to cook and clean and everything she
know how to really treat a so
what's up what's good girl so you're
telling me you're trying to take my
sister Charlene on a DAT let me guess
this is your brother trailer parts Danny
hell right and if you want to turn with
Charlene you better wait in line you
know how long my cousin Philip been
waiting to tap that 12 hours since the
last time well tell cousin Phillip he's
going to have to keep waiting I got $20
I'm desperate I'll send her right
over all right Charlene oh your ugly ass
is mine oh man I can't wait for Charlene
she's almost here there she is right now
oh hello hi there papers damn you
startle me with those crooked ass teeth
oh how you been though girl good how are
you I've been good living my
multi-million dead lifestyle you feel me
let me show you how the upper half live
all right Charlene welcome to my humble
B who you got a nice house yeah you know
how I live baby a millionaire status typ
 typ looking for my main B you
really think I'm pretty yeah yeah pretty
as hell
mhm I bet you give the tooth as head
uhhuh oh okay all right Charlene so tell
me you went to college baby
I know you still got the same outfit on
from high school that's gross but I'm
going to let it slide though that just
mean you kept your figure you feel me so
uh tell me you went to college baby oh
man nobody in my family's been to
college that that's perfect everybody
need a dumb ass hole tip tip
so uh tell me uh what's your body count
baby oh I got three brothers and seven
cousins okay okay wait wait why the hell
are you digging in your teeth my tooth
itches all right just just wipe it on my
couch it's fine no one sits there why
you itching your titty because they itch
okay um what you got mths of measles or
something I got fleas fleas fleas how
did you get fleas I got horses duh but
you don't take a bath or anything I take
a bath once a week on a good week the
showers outside my brother's hogging
unless I go in there with them you know
you wash my back I wash yours that's
gross at least you try though but look
baby uh look I just need to kiss your
ass real hard tonight at midnight really
yeah tongue you down all that St type of
stuff you can kiss me but you got to be
careful for this tooth cuz it's loose
you might swallow it but don't worry
that's good luck that's gross perfect
just perfect that's what I
needed in my life just to swallow a
tooth uh but look baby uh yeah you so
damn beautiful I need to put a bag on
your head because man I don't want
nobody to steal you from from me you're
just so damn perfect baby you think I'm
that py py pry as hell so let me go and
get a bag to put on your face rose get
out of the bathroom the ball's going to
drop in a minute all lames here go my
main bit my main squeeze the baddest one
yeah what you got to say now huh huh oh
I hear nothing nothing but crickets cuz
you're nothing but a lame ass goofy ass
dumb ass ass boy so why does she
have a bag on her head what do you mean
why she got a bag on her head you think
I'mma let you see my beautiful ass girl
nah she from Dubai she accustomed to
this lify this how they live over there
you know what I'm saying she a 20 out of
10 Model status you think I'm going to
let you see her you'll drop your wife
instantly please let me see her oh N See
You Begging already I can't let you do
that you a lamee stay in your own lane
boy he F some pretty yeah talk your
language sex ass yeah she speaking that
Arabian stuff what so so what's her name
uh
uh champagne yeah cuz I'm a papa ass
tonight after this ball drop you feel
me yeah yeah yeah what's she itching
she's like itching something my tooth
inches oh she said she want my two Ines
she want me to go deep in it no my tooth
inches oh my God what the hell is that
let's get out of here oh dear God Karen
Shield your eyes why is she so ugly oh
that's my two out of 10 look look look
I'm just building up ugly
characters all 2024 that's my New Year's
resolution don't judge look I'm building
up these ugly hoes I'm a nice guy oh no
the ball's dropping right now hey guys
I'm back
you got to you got to kiss ugly
[Music]
ho