all right crft today we're going to be
doing animal dissection so each of you
should have a dead animal on your desk
and you're going to cut it open with the
kitchen knife I gave you oh man this is
so awesome I get to cut open a frog and
see what his insides look like hey Cody
what animal do you get I get a pig you
got your mom that means you get to see
what the inside of your mom looks like
every guy knows what that looks like
your mom's a hoe but no she not hey you
know the last time your mom was cut open
was when you were born cuz you were a
C-section C-section I wasn't a c section
yeah you were yeah you were teacher why
are we playing with knives it seems
really dangerous hey Cody catch no damn
it Joseph don't throw that watch I'm
going to throw it when you least expect
it teacher can I move desks or can you
at least tell Joseph to cut it the hell
out CR be careful with it knives you can
poke your eye out with that
thing look he caught it well Cody are
you okay no I'm not okay I have a knife
in my eye teacher I'm going to go to the
nurse see crra that's why I told you to
be careful that's why you should always
be wearing your safety goggles even
though I didn't provide any to you and
you can thank the school funding for
that but anyway back to the animal
dissection so what you're going to do is
you're going to cut down the abdomen of
the animal that you have and pull out
the stomach whoa dude I cut his skull
open now I'm going get his brains out oh
look at how squishy it is but Joseph you
were supposed to cut open his stomach
but dude I wanted to play with his
brains look watch this SPL sticky oh
that's so awesome I'm going to get my
brain out hey Joseph look I got my M's
brain out oh dude I bet you won't throw
it at the chalk board I bet I will do it
dude after you get the hey who thr the
brain hey I know the brains look fun and
Squishy but don't throw the brains at
the board maybe after class sorry
teacher hey guys I'm back Cody I didn't
know you were a pirate I'm not a pirate
Junior then why do you have an eye patch
oh I don't know maybe because Joseph
stabbed me in the eye and then the nurse
had to put a Band-Aid over it but it
didn't help because I'm permanently
blind for Life thanks Joseph oh you're
welcome buddy did I miss anything oh
yeah you're supposed to cut out your
animal's brain and throw it as hard as
you can at the board really yeah yeah he
said like we can do it for fun okay and
if you look up to the right you'll be
able to see your animal's heart who thw
the brain Cody did it Cody principal's
office now but they they said are we
supposed to do it the brain I was
supposed to throw the board no screw you
guys sorry Cody I hate this
class A I don't want to cut open this
froggy what's wrong it's already dead
look at my pig look at his gut is winner
oh okay I guess I got to cut open this
froggy please don't do this you can talk
of course I can talk I got 14 toos and
the misses at home please don't kill me
I don't want to kill you but my teacher
says I have to no no you don't you can
hold me listen I was captured against me
will and I've been playing dead ever
since please don't let me die well I
guess I can get you out of here I can
take you home and show you my daddy oh
thank you so much all right crft real
quick important announcement you are not
allowed to take your animals home that
school policy okay so I'm going to come
around the crass and I want you to show
me your animal stomach oh no what do we
do hide me and say I'll run away oh
that's a good idea where to hide you oh
I know hurry jump inside my diaper okay
all right Jeffy where's your animal
stomach wait Jeffy where's your animal
at um he got up ran away what he ran
away grass everyone be on The Rook out
for a frog Jeffy do you know where we
get these animals from Area 51 because
they're extremely intelligent but very
very dangerous so we have to kill them
and dissect them to prevent them from
taking over the world but don't worry
Jeffy I will not rest until I find your
frog all right crft everyone can go home
for the day but make sure your animal is
dead before you leave and if you see
that frog make sure you call me directly
all right Mr froggy let's get out of
here thank you so much hey Dy hey Jeffy
how was school guess what's in my pants
it's green and covered in Wards Jeffy if
it looks like that has been infected
what have you been doing to it well
Daddy I had it out on my desk at school
and the teacher wanted to see it so I
put it in my pain and I came home Jeffy
if your teacher want to see it we have
to call the cop that there's something
wrong with him and we have to call a
doctor cuz it's greed and covered in
warts that means there's something wrong
Jeffy your we is not supposed to look
like that well it's not my winner daddy
oh well then what is it well close your
eyes and turn around and I'll pull it
out and show you I'm I'm scared but okay
all
right thank God I'm out of there don't
you ever change your diaper all right
then you can turn around now what it's a
frog oh yeah I'm a Frog oh my God it can
talk of course I can talk you've seen my
cousin and in commercials did you know
that you can save 15% or more in 15
minutes on car insurance something like
that what Jeffy where didd you get a
talking frog at well I got from school
the teacher wanted me to cut him open
and so I saved his life that's true he's
my hero a Marvin Jeffy saved that frog's
life well frog it's time for you to go
back outside where you came from well
you know this frog has a name what's
your name fraer well fraer you can go
back outside you get ran over by cars
and pee on plant or whatever you need to
do oh yeah yeah all right well Jeffy
I'll see you later mate thanks for
everything all right bye frer Marvin
I'll see you later too okay bye all
right Jeffy no more bringing amphibians
into the house what about frogs frogs
are amphibians Jeffy well then why
didn't you just say that instead of
saying amphibians or something Jeffy
Jeff look just no more bringing animals
into the house okay so go to your room
all right
Daddy got to call the
chief hello who's this you know who this
is Sergeant froger you made it out alive
you son of a oh told you I'd make
it out great job Sergeant now you know
what to do oh yeah kill all humans make
them pay for all those frogs that died
in those school dissections with
pleasure what was that sorry I got a
frog in my throat hope it's not my
wife oh man I don't know what to cook
tonight oh hello there wait is that a
frog oh I can make frog legs hey give me
your legs froggy or we can make
something different tonight how about
Chef arms Chef arms yeah
[Laughter]
one down billions to
go all right baby what movie do you want
to watch tonight ooh let's watch a scary
movie which one do you want to watch you
should watch
Scream Roger what are you doing here oh
hi there Marvin you want to know what
I'm going to do with this knife oh what
I'm going to stab you in the rib it will
hurt get it I'm going to stab you in the
rib it will hurt ribit will hurt ribit
I'm a I'm a frog frog say Ribbit you're
going to kill me with how long you're
explaining this joke why are you trying
to kill us oh I don't know maybe because
humans been slicing up frogs for years I
think I'm going to slice you up oh no
Marin what do we do oh look look there's
a fly oh you think I'm going to fall for
that o get over here you little bugger
run he right come back
here run to the pantry run to The Pantry
on get back here you come baby close the
door close the
door oh I know you're in there Marvin
call the cops let me get my phone come
on answer the phone answer the
phone open up 911 what's your emergency
oh yes please send help help help help
okay what's going on there's a frog a
frog yeah big scary frog sir you're a
grown man why are you afraid of a frog
because he's trying to kill me okay sir
I think you have ranidaphobia that's a
fear of frogs Yeah I have ran into the
phobia I ran into the away from this
frog tried to kill me okay frogs can't
kill you they're not dangerous it except
for poison dart frogs they they can kill
you they're very dangerous they're all
colorful they look like candy but if you
eat them you'll die it is it a poison
dart frog no it's a really big
frog Marvin don't forget to tell him
about the knife but who is that it's the
Frog he can talk A talking frog yeah he
has a knife sir sir are you on something
are you okay no no no I'm not okay he's
trying to kill me okay sir I think I
could call you an ambulance so they can
get you mentally checked out no no no no
please please just come help me the
Frog's trying to kill me I'm in my
pantry and he's trying to kill me and he
said he's going to stop me in the rib it
will hurt he said he'll stab me in the
rib it will hurt Ribbit like ribbit oh
this is a prank called
bye Marvin open the door Marvin it's not
locked did you say it's not locked hold
open the
door open the
door Marin open the door hey Mr froggy
what doing oh hey there Jeffy me and
your parents are just play stay in
hideand-seek why do you have a knife oh
we were just just about to cut some cake
and have some fun help Jeffy help why is
she screaming uh she's saying Help Cut
the Cake she wants to help Cut the Cake
so that's what I'm trying to get in here
oh that makes sense oh they're showing
at the door I'll go get it yeah go Get
It
Marvin here
froggy hello Jeffy there's a Tracker in
the Frog and I tracked it to your house
get to safety I'll handle the Frog okay
come on Marvin I just want to slice you
open froger we meet again Jackie chew
what are you doing here you should have
never escaped because your death would
have been quick and painless but now you
suffer no you're going to be the one
that suffers long and painful we'll see
about that two in the pig one in the St
oh no please give me a second chance
I'll change it looks like I'm eating
frog rigs
tonight thank you so much Jackie chew
for saving our life MH we really
appreciate it
m Marvin today's been a weird day every
day is a weird day in our life true hey
D look I found can I keep him what no
Jeffy you can't keep any random animals
that you found outside Marvin what could
go wrong with a pig well the Frog tried
to kill us that was a
frog I guess you're right I guess you
can keep the pig hey chief they don't
suspect a thing we'll finally get
payback from all that bacon they've been
eating excellent
[Music]