so guys what do you want to do today
dude let's watch coyote Peterson videos
oh yeah that'd be sick who's coyote
Peterson Junior you don't know who
coyote Peterson is he's the most Savage
dude in nature yeah yeah he gets stung
by wasps and bees and scorpions and
stuff and he gets bit by snakes just to
see how much it will hurt sounds like it
hurts yeah it does but he does it for
our entertainment I want to watch one of
the videos well I think he just uploaded
a new one let's watch it hi I'm coyote
Peterson and today I'm going to be
getting bit by one of the most venomous
and pain spiders in the world the rare
nocturnal ouchie spider they call him
that for the ouchies he gives you and he
only comes out at night now unlike
normal spiders this spider has ears and
a low self-esteem so the only way you
can get them to bite you is by calling
them names I'm coyote Peterson and I'm
about to enter the ouchie zone stupid
spider stupid eight luged freak you
little land octopus freak bite me bite
me you ugly little freak bite oh he's
biting me ooh ooh o ouchy ooh ooh ouchy
ouchie ouch I'm saying ouchie so many
times cuz how that's how much it hurts
cuz he's ouchi spider ouchie ooh o oh oh
Jee that hurts so bad
ouch
wa that looks like it hurts yeah yeah
you can tell it hurts because of his
facial expressions that's actual genuine
pain you can't fake that you know he
should get an Oscar I don't see Leonardo
DiCaprio getting bit by spiders for his
roles he only gets mauled by CGI bears
but coyote Peterson he would actually
get mauled by a real bear just to see if
it would hurt and I bet it would hurt
but but I don't know because I don't
know if something hurts or not until
kyot Peterson does it I know he's such a
badass I want to be just like him
someday the
news breaking news famous YouTube and TV
personality coyote Peterson has been
arrested for trying to solicit a
prostitute let's show the footage now hi
I'm coyote Peterson and I've been bitten
and stung by every dangerous animal on
the planet so now I'm moving on to
humans now up ahead is a very cheap
prostitute now who knows how many
diseases she might have but the cheaper
the more dangerous so let's find
out excuse me ma'am how much $5 all
right hop
in I'm coyote Peterson and I'm about to
enter the suck
Zone what oh no coyote Peterson got
arrested a dude he was just looking for
some love he was probably lonely but if
he's in jail how am I going to get my
weekly coyote Peterson content I need my
coyote Peterson videos I can't start my
week unless I see coyote Peterson and
excruciating pain well guys since he's
in jail why don't we make our own coyote
Peterson videos yeah we should do that
yeah would be fun dude Okay who wants to
get bit by an animal first oh no not me
dude I'm not getting bit by no snakes I
don't want to get bit by an animal cuz I
don't want like a disease or something
I'll do it wait Cody you'll do it you're
usually afraid of everything but I want
to be a badass like coyote Peterson well
you got to pick a name you got to have
an official name okay uh you can call me
K coyote Peterson but like with a d
instead of a t or or or kadot Peterson
or Cody Peterson yeah I like that Cody
Peterson yeah Cody Peterson sounds
really official yeah all right Cody
Peterson what's the first thing you're
going to get bit by o a rattlesnake yeah
rattlesnake yeah uh no no coyote
Peterson never gets bit by anything that
could kill him okay um what about a
bullet ant but Junior they don't live
here they live in Nicaragua what' you
say bro I said they live in Nicaragua do
I look like I need some water I'm not
thirsty okay cracker AUA what no I just
mean they don't live here we deserve to
live here Abraham linoln freed us okay
we deserve to live here I was talking
about bullet ants oh you should have
said that okay Cody so you can't get bit
by a bullet ant you don't want to get
bit by a rattlesnake o how about we go
to the pet store and we buy a python and
let it bite you but Junior pythons are
really known for constricting not biting
okay well I I've seen K Peterson get bit
by a python so you don't want to get bit
by a python just say you're not Cody
Peterson no no I'll do it I'll get bit
by python all right so let's go to the
pet store and buy a python and let it
bite you okay yeah yeah yeah yeah let's
do that come on oh look Cody they have a
snake right here oh hey there welcome to
pet orama now that's pet orama with a
tea I I know the name is really bad I
keep telling them they have to change it
especially if we have kids coming in
here so what can I get you can I get you
like maybe a betta fish the laziest
easiest pet you could possibly have I
mean they just sit in their tank and do
nothing and then you just watch them
slowly die it's really sad you know some
people keep them in cups I mean how sad
is that can you imagine just living the
rest of your life in a little cup
stewing in your own juices until you die
well anyway we have a few cups of beta
fish over there if you want one oh no
we're not interested in that we want a
python ooh a snake huh oh you guys must
be badasses well have you ever had a
snake before no oh well okay let me tell
you it's going to get pretty expensive
cuz you got to buy you got to buy the
snake then you got to buy the bedding
and then you got to buy the rats he eats
and then I mean it gets it adds up oh
well we don't really need all that stuff
we just need the snake oh okay well I'm
not just going to sell you the snake I
have to give you something to put him in
well we don't need to keep him as a pet
we just want to buy him let him bite my
friend on camera and then we'll release
him in the wild what no what no you
can't do that you can't let him go it's
an invasive species he's from the wild
we can send him back to where he came
from well he's not from around here it
would mess up the ecosystem I can't let
you do that we just need him to bite my
friend on camera and then we'll bring
him back okay why do you need him to
bite your friend so bad because he makes
these videos where he lets dangerous
animals bite him and then he reacts to
it oh like that coyote Peterson exactly
this is this is coyote Peterson's
younger brother Cody Peterson oh a
celebrity huh well I mean in that case I
guess I could let you borrow the python
yeah but you'd have to bring them back
and you'd have to give our pet store a
shout out now when you say petama make
sure you really enunciate that t pet
orama we got a lot of weird [ __ ] in
here coming in thinking it's a safe
place for them and you can spot them a
mile away too you got to be like hey you
get out of here shoot scram yeah so so
just make sure you say that right okay
all right we'll give the head store
shout out so can we uh get the python so
we can bite Cody yeah yeah he's in there
see we call him sleepy cuz he sleeps
most of the time you know like like one
of the Seven Dwarves you know we had one
called grumpy but he choked out the
manager so we had to put him down anyway
I'll get you a Ziploc bag for him we
don't have any boxes left wait how do we
make him make sure he bites my friend oh
oh yeah I mean if you piss him off he
probably should do that so if you like
blow him up like a balloon and then like
tie him up like a balloon animal or if
you skip rope with him that' probably
piss him off okay all right thank you
let me get
all right Cody we got the snake now come
over here and let him bite you hey hey
there little snake hi stop backing up
you're acting like you're scared of them
oh I I I'm not scared of anything I'm
Cody Peterson yeah that's the spirit
dude all right Joseph you recording yeah
I'm recording bro all right Cody let him
bite you uh Hey everybody I'm Cody
Peterson Cody you got to talk with
confidence you got to look at the camera
come on look dude okay yeah yeah act
like you actually like about to get
bitten and you got to scream when he
bites you yeah on it dude hey everybody
I'm Cody Peterson and today I'm going to
get bit by this store-bought python from
a pet store and I think it's going to
hurt really bad what's the name of the
pet store uh ped land Pama oh yeah shout
out to Pama for giving us this python P
Pama with a t yes with with a t for pets
uh okay uh here here I go no no no no
you got to do the intro you got to say
my name is Cody Peters yeah you got to
own it dude yeah yeah yeah right right
uh I'm Cody Peterson and I'm about to
enter the snake bite Zone come on little
buddy you look in the camera when it
bites you come make sure you scream when
it bites you okay bite me bite me
please ow [ __ ] ow [ __ ] that hurts so bad
ow owow ow ow ow my [ __ ] hand ow ow
dude that was so sick did you see that
got B get bit he got
bit hey guys so uh the funniest darn
thing happened you guys remember the
nonvenomous python I gave you guys from
the pet store well it turns out that our
python supplier actually ran out of
pythons I mean how does that even happen
right I mean you're a python supplier
you ran out of pythons how does that
even happen what's going on but anyway
it turns out he thought it would be a
really funny silly goose prank to cut
the tail off an Eastern Diamondback
rattlesnake and give it to us telling us
it was a python
so that python we gave you was actually
an eastern diamondb rattlesnake which
just so happens to be one of the most
venomous snakes in the entire country wa
that's so cool that means in my YouTube
video we can he got bit by a rattlesnake
instead of a python yeah and you know
what else is really cool he's having an
allergic reaction to the Venom which is
also a deadly hemotoxin that's causing
his cells to die it's causing his organs
to fail and it's causing tissue death
which you can see right here in his hand
look kids it's dying oh wow so what can
you do to stop it well we could probably
suck the venom out if somebody here was
really good at sucking nurse good at
sucking do I need to go to HR again no
no no I just wondered you know what your
head game was like I mean your hair is
always up in a ponytail so I thought
maybe you were always ready that's it
I'm going to Linda nhr no no no don't
well anyway I'm not going to suck the
venom out I just brush my teeth and that
would taste yucky you know like how you
drink orange juice after you you brush
your teeth and it's like it just tastes
bad yeah exactly that's what I'm saying
GH well anyway I think I can use some
antivenom that should clear it right up
okay so I just give them the antivenom
and what else yeah and then you can just
take them home and show them some coyote
Peterson videos to cheer them up oh you
know what we're going to do I'm going to
upload the video we filmed and maybe
he'll get a million views and that can
pay for his medical bills oh yeah it's a
good idea I'll get the Venom all right
Cody come on you're going to be a
superstar on the
internet all right Cody I know you're in
a lot of pain but the video of you
getting bit by a snake has over 3
million views dude how does it feel to
be
famous oh wow be humble Cody be grateful
he's like oh I got 3 million views what
does that mean sometimes we give the
wrong people Fame I feel like I'm dying
all right Cody I understand you got 3
million views but you're not that famous
you're not suffocating from all the fame
Cody V news what you want to go on the
news you think the news should cover you
because of how famous you are wow you're
not Mr Beast Cody you got you got one
one hit wonder you just got one video
that's all you got the news the
news breaking news Okay coyote Peterson
has posted bail and is out of jail and
he has released a new episode to try to
rehabilitate His Image let's watch that
episode now oh oh guys guys a new coyote
Peterson episode's about to play oh dude
I can't wait [ __ ] coyote Peterson Cody
don't say that about your idol yeah
watch your mouth hey guys it's me coyote
Peterson and I saw online where some
amateurs were trying to steal my thunder
specifically somebody named Cody
Peterson Cody Peterson I have a message
for you suck my left nut because today
I'm going to be getting stung by the
Africanized killer honeybee no one has
ever survived being stung by one of
these but today it's going to be me I'm
coyote Peterson and I'm about to enter
The Sting Zone ooh ooh it's going to
hurt so bad ooh that sting is going to
hurt so bad it's going to
hurt ooh oh he's stinging me oh ouch oh
ow ow ow ow O ooh that stings so bad oh
that's a bad sting oh ow ow ow ow ow ow
ow ow that's a big old Stinger right my
arm
ow ow oh that stings o oh ouchie ow
[Music]
ooh breaking news M there is a rumor
that coyote Peterson may be a fraud that
he doesn't perform his own stunts
because of this Frame you can clearly
see that it is someone else's arm being
stung by a bee what coyote Peterson's a
fraud you're telling me I got bit by a
rattlesnake for no [ __ ] reason it
can't
be I'm Cody Peterson and I'm about to
enter the death zone
is he dead
[Music]