so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude let's play video games oh yeah
video games are sick but what could we
play that's four players uh we could
play rocket League I don't want to play
rocket League every time we play that we
all just end up getting mad we're not
going to get mad cuz we're going to win
yeah and I'm going to be the goalie yeah
okay jeffy's goalie let's just go play
come on guys let's do it there's only 10
seconds left no
Jeff Jeffy You Better Block that Jeffy
You Better Block that
block
it je oh no was trying I was trying so
hard you lost
us you are right there you just break on
the ground
it's
down you're handicapped you're
handicapped I'm going to the
studio what what the hell is you talking
the studio I cannot believe believe we
lost that rocket League match yeah all
Jeffy had to do was block the dang ball
oh I'm so mad I let Small Things
inconvenience my whole day I know
winning that video game wouldn't make me
any happier and I'm not even going to
think about this when I'm 80 years old
but in that moment it meant so much to
me and right now I'm just so mad exactly
exactly we're never going to win a
rocket league tournament with Jeffy
sucking sucking up sucking ass yeah
thank you Joseph sucking ass yes thank
you very much Joseph I was trying to
find the words to figure out what would
be the equivalent of sucking at a video
game and sucking ass is exactly it why
choice of worse Joseph mm thank you so
much I've been increasing my VOC
vocabulary yeah Jeffy sucking ass at
Rocket League really makes me angry yes
yes yeah it makes me very angry man I
don't know what he means he's going to
the studio what kind of studio is Jeffy
going to a not sucking at Rocket League
Studio yeah like a soccer Studio yeah
Universal Studios I wish I could go to
Universal Studios because then I
wouldn't be so mad but what what I can't
because I'm in Pensacola and that's like
a 7-hour drive away from Orlando and I
can't even go anyway cuz we're just kids
and we need a parent and we also don't
have money so that's also a problem yeah
but we would have money if we won a
rocket League Championship but we'll
never win that cuz Jeffy sucks ass it
yeah our goalie is ass ass completely
yes I'm very mad but talking about this
has helped a lot let's just watch TV
guys where's the remote and now I can't
find the REM God I'm so mad again angry
to go look for it but I am mad I am so
angry that we can't even find the remote
I think I found it why was it all the
way over here this is [ __ ] I'm so
Jes turn the TV
on breaking news a random diss track was
sent into our news station and I
listened to it and I thought it was
pretty fire I'm going to play it for
whoever it was targeted to so they can
hear it
some people say that I'm handic I'm not
handicapp I'm [ __ ] D says I play too
much C piano used a bunch keys are
sticky to the touch cuz I play after
eating lunch I rap everywhere I go spit
in front of all my hoes all my dick she
do and blow but not before I pick my no
you guys think you made it far Jeffy is
a rising star no for not and bar for bar
you can't keep up you're not on I [ __ ]
your heart on every song don't believe
it I'll prove you wrong I bang your mom
just like a g PE poo pooy yeah okay yeah
SP my Dipper very hard yeah I SP my
Dipper very hard okay yeah I SP my
Dipper very hard yeah I SP my diaper
very hard I'm re Target as [ __ ] stole a
chromy from my homie now he quacks like
a duck and if you think you're just as
ring your [ __ ] out of luck and I go
crazy on the beat till my PE gets stuck
I spr my dopper super hard you cannot
out reard peep short like NORAD it's
just me there is no Squad you think that
you are the best I got hoes that have
three breast like the feeling on their
chest SMS like fish Lobster Fest got
hoes coming to my nest flocking in from
east to west rappid easy St test
millions of fans I'm feeling blessed
Junior Joseph Cody watch as I SEC the
bag not that I'm trying to brag but
every has Jeffy tag yeah okay I WIP my
booty back to front smelling balls yeah
I wipe my booty back to front dirty tank
[ __ ] I wipe my booty back to front
shitty smelly balls I wipe my booty back
the front really yeah
[Music]
I my booty back to yeah
[Music]
yeah oh oh what is this just when I
thought my day couldn't get any worse a
diss track has been dropped upon me did
he try to Flame our ass did he call us
on the news I'm straight as hell I'm not
but that is a very hurtful word and I
can't believe they let him say that on
TV how did he get that Dis Track on the
news it must be a very slow news day but
it's on the news dude it's 10 times
worse we got to diss some back yeah yeah
we have to drop a put thiss track at him
now because of him dissing us in front
of everyone yeah yeah we must yeah so we
just need a studio to record that in oh
I know the perfect Studio my cousin Tui
got a studio we should go and record
yeah yeah we'll go we'll go to tu's
house and record it but like he said he
wipes back to front like that's not even
bad I do that what wait really there's
nothing wrong with that I thought only
girls can't do that well I don't think
anybody should do that yeah that's
pretty gross he said he has a stinky
tank yes and he's dissing us my taint is
very clean how dare he yeah I think we
should record the hardest meanest rawest
tra this craziest diss track anyone's
everever heard we going to Flame his ass
dude let's do it let's go record it ooo
that [ __ ] was fire yeah our diss track
is hard yeah it's very hard it's so hard
it's like it's like cake that's been
left out cuz it's hard cuz it's stale
not not that our dis is stale our dis is
fresh it's very fresh it's the freshest
it's like fresh cake that is also hard
like like ice cream cake that's still
frozen yes that's what our diss track is
our diss track is ice cream cake that is
still frozen M great description Cody
thank you thank you yeah yeah everyone's
gonna want to hear our ice cream cake
verse diss track yes everybody's gonna
want a slice oh yeah okay so how do we
get our diss track to the news well I'm
assuming the news has some kind of
submit your own Dis Track email so I'll
send it to that I get the MP3 on my
phone well what about the music video oh
yeah I also have the MP4 of that you
know what I think I'll just send the MP4
because it is both audio and visual oh
yeah definitely send that to them I'll
send that okay it's sent your Wi-Fi is
very good Junior I have the Giga the gig
the Giga internet that's very nice the
Giga speed yeah fiber optic that that's
what I was trying to say sh thank you
thank you I'm just so Ang I just
couldn't get my words together I
understand look at the
news breaking news okay we just received
a response to the diss track we aired
earlier this one I haven't heard yet but
let's listen to it to see if it's as
fire as the first one perfect Junior
going to kill this track told your mom
to throw it back she gave me head it was
her whack ate her booty like a snack
your helmet makes you look insane penil
probably pokes your brain I do this [ __ ]
I Make It Rain stay the [ __ ] right in
your lane yeah you stuck at Rocket
League [ __ ] your mom gets railed while
your dad's a cck you thought it's your
time well you're out of luck good at
Rocket League you're dumb as [ __ ] you
think that you're good when you really
just suck speaking suck that's what I do
but even I don't suck harder than you
your dick is a minion so I'll just call
you gr I'm tired of you now so Sho fly
chew you and cold just flamed you you
better run cuz now you in danger at your
crib all the time I'm no
stranger in your mom's guts about to
rearranger BPD the way I switch I make
you my little [ __ ] cry to Dad you
stupid snitch I own you like I'm richy
rich tired Jeffy no fatigue going psycho
like I'm cre go ahead I'm so intrigued
that's why you as at Rocket League I'm
playing you just like the we you're
latching on just like some fleece what
will make your dad happy throw you out
and lock the I'm being polite now I got
you in my sight to you to the light make
your ass night night oo that Dis Track
was too fire bro yeah our Dis Track was
tough yeah it was tough it was tough
like a steak that's been overcooked you
know it's it's so chewy cuz it's all
tough and hard to swallow for Jeffy for
Jeffy it was hard to swallow for us it
was easy to swallow cuz our steak was
well cooked but his his was overcooked
and so that's why it was so hard to
swallow cuz it was so tough yeah yeah
our stuff is really tough yeah it's
toughed like a like a hair on a cow's
chin I'm sorry Junior you like a tough
of hair oh tough yeah that that's a
different word but yeah I think I see
what you're saying and you know I mean I
I would have gone with goat but that's
okay I I bet a cow's chin is Pretty
Tough too and cows are also where steak
comes from so it it comes full circle I
think we're on the same page yeah do you
think Jeffy heard the diss track I
really hope so cuz I don't think the
news is going to play that again and
this is the only TV in the house so if
he wasn't watching it on his phone which
I don't know why he would do that then
he probably didn't see it so you don't
think he heard our diss track probably
not I think we should go ask Jeffy if he
heard it yes let's do that yeah I we
need to know yeah dude oh Wally [ __ ] hey
Jeffy what do you guys want we saw your
dumb stupid diss track on the the news
yeah did you cry and piss your pants
yeah good hey Cody do a Wall-E
impression I feel like your voice has a
really good like accent for WALL-E oh
yeah I do a really good one Wall-E okay
well I guess it wasn't as good as I
thought I mean even if the Wall-E thing
wasn't right here I would still know
what character you were trying to
impersonate well yeah it's not that hard
he just says his own name with a robot
voice oh well anyway Jeffy we saw your
stupid diss track and we made a diss
track at you and it was fire yeah it was
fire it was fire like a grill on high
heat where you can see the flame
yeah yeah that's how fire our diss track
was and you know what I bet you could
cook a steak on that grill a steak
that's really overcooked and tough like
our Dis Track was tough and then and
then if you eat that for dessert then
you could have like a really hard Frozen
very fresh ice cream cake cuz that's how
hard our diss track was and also fresh
and also cake cuz it was so easy and
then after you get done eating that
entire meal then you could wash it down
with a nice refreshing glass of lemonade
but but but not refreshing it' be like
hot and it would burn your throat
because it's because you wouldn't like
it but would like it it would be
lemonade to us but not for you he's
saying our diss track is ice cold did
you see it it was on the news no I don't
watch the news [ __ ] well Cody pull it up
on your phone make him watch it yeah I
got the MP4 right here yeah watch our
diss track it's very it's very
everything he said yeah we're not going
to show the whole thing over again but
you know use use your imagination yeah
what do you think about that Jeffy I bet
that hurt your
[Music]
[Applause]
feelings well damn he's crying now guys
I feel kind of bad I don't feel bad he
made us lose the damn game yeah he did
call his names in his song yeah yeah
wait a minute I'm mad again he called me
a slur wait you said I was handicapped
well all you had to do was block the
stupid ball if we had a better goalie we
wouldn't have lost guys guys how about
this how about I'm goalie next time I
like taking balls in the face I mean
yeah if Cody was the goalie then we
could yell at him if he messed up
instead of Jeffy yeah we could just
quash this whole beef right now yeah
there no more beef we just no more diss
tracks we just end this right here uh
nah I'm taking a [ __ ] to the Grave dude
I would never be happy again all right
guys listen no more sending diss tracks
to the news we all just say we're sorry
okay Jeffy you say you're sorry first
I'm sorry all right I think that's it I
think I think I think that covers hold
on you guys didn't say sorry for calling
me handicap oh
uh
sorry yeah we say we said it yeah it is
I'm not
sorry okay listen let's just go back and
play some more rocket League okay and
Cody will be goalie yeah yeah yeah and I
don't think Jose is playing so it'll be
3v3 yeah come on Jeffy
[Music]
m