Marvin when's the pizza getting here I
just ordered it it should be here any
minute hey Daddy want you hear a joke no
sure Jeffy what does a gay horse eat
what
hey what was the final score to the
Ethiopian basketball game what eight
nothing I don't get it that must be the
pizza I'll go get it hello hey there I
got you mushroom pizza we were all out
of mushrooms at the store but I had a
Ziploc bag full of them in my car so I
put those on there it'll make you night
better how much do I owe you 60 bucks 60
for one pizza yeah I mean it's $10 for
the pizza and then another 50 for the
shrooms cuz they're not cheap I don't
want the shrooms take them off well okay
how about this how about I come in and I
eat it with you and then you don't owe
me anything won't you lose your pizza
job look I don't even like being a pizza
man okay come on let's hang out bro
pizza's here o it smells yummy oh look
at all those mushrooms you guys are
going to be tripping balls anyway you
guys watching the game I didn't know
there was a game on tonight yeah man
Monday night football Cowboys versus
Chargers well then turn it on okay yeah
I'm actually supposed to be at that game
I wanted to get my helmet signed by CD
lamb that's actually a person's name not
just an outdated video format my
favorite animal and Brandon Cooks which
is actually not a cooking show hosted by
a guy named Brandon I didn't know you
were a Dallas Cowboys fan well I'm not
but my grandma is yeah I wanted to get
it signed for her I actually had four
tickets on my phone to go see the game
but no one wanted to go with me wait a
minute 1 2 3 4 you guys want to come to
Texas and see the game with me it's
about to start there's no way we're
going to make it oh look it's only a
10-hour drive and we can make it as long
as the game goes into 15 overtimes or a
player dies temporarily on the field
come on come on Marvin let's go Texas
would be fun well you'd have to speed
the whole way listen I drive like an
[ __ ] I can do it and and I'm a cop so
no one's going to pull me over okay guys
let's go wait hold on I don't want to go
on an empty stomach so let's eat this
pizza first everybody grab a
slice I'm so scared right now I'm seeing
things no no no no don't be scared bro
that's just the shrooms my man come on
this journey With Me Marvin I want to
put a baby in the microwave okay do it
do it I think that'll help wait a minute
if I keep looking to the side I think I
could look inside my head and see my
brain oh what's in there wo daddy do you
see this [ __ ] monkey wo wo I see it I
see it I'm going to pet
Ito let let me see your hand i'm a
doctor oh dude your hand is [ __ ] gone
man it's gone there's no hand there it's
gone it's gone it's gone bro wait wait
what is that what is that noise W wo wo
wait are you wearing a wire are you no
let me see under your shirt believe you
is your wire D it's inside your skin you
need to cut it open give me a knife give
me a knife I'll cut myself open wait
aren't we supposed to go somewhere oh
yeah let's go let's go to Texas okay
Texas shotgun I want to sit up front
okay everybody sobered up yeah I'm never
eating mushroom pizza ever again yeah
well it's not for everybody okay so I
put Dallas into my car's GPS and it says
it's 692 M away and we'll be there at
11:53 in the morning now we have to get
there in an hour so I'm going to drive
like crazy okay so everybody buckle up
all right let's go you know guys we've
been driving for a while you want to
play Ice buy or something it's dark
outside yeah you're right that was a
kind of dumb idea ice buy something
yellow the lines in the road yeah oh no
guys my Hyundai Sonata says it's almost
out of gas what what is there any gas
stations nearby no nowhere well where
are we I don't know we're in the middle
of Texas what can we do I I don't know I
hold on let me pull over in this dirt
road over here
o maybe someone in that scary house can
give us gas what if there's a serial
killer in there this isn't a scary movie
Marvin serial killers don't really exist
guys I don't think this is such a good
idea well everyone please stop being
chicken shits we need gas and there are
no gas stations within 100 miles this is
our last chance to get gas so we can
make it to that game wait somebody check
the score it's 77 in the second quarter
oh [ __ ] we really got to hurry up if we
want to get there before overtime how do
you know it's going to go to overtime it
will I want to stay in the car okay
princess crybaby you can stay in the car
Marvin Jeffy us men can go knock on the
door oh Marvin I hate to do this I'm
going to be respectful in case of
sleeping so I'm not going to ring the
doorbell I'm just going to knock
quietly hey hey we're trying to make it
to the Cowboys game open up open up I
know you're in there oh Marvin I think
we woke him up look at that bed head oh
look at the chainsaw he must have
thought we were Intruders hey there
scary man I'm really sorry I woke you up
but uh you see that Hyundai Sonata over
there yeah the one in stormy sea blue
yeah it's mine paid off and everything
yeah it's got a backup camera it's got
heated seats the works it's really nice
now I'm not looking to sell but if you
make me an offer I can't refuse you
could take it off my hands Marvin I
don't think he wants to buy my car don't
ask for gas oh the gas right right yeah
so we were driving through Texas trying
to make it to the Cowboys game and
judging by that American flag next to
your door I'm assuming you're familiar
with America's team but our car ran out
of gas so if you can give us just like a
gallon or two we can make it to the next
creepy [ __ ] house
oh Marvin I think he wants us to follow
him okay uh hey man do you have
something I can drink I'm pretty
thirsty he does not brush his teeth man
I really hope he's not one of those
people that gives you tap water and then
he's got a fridge full of soda those
people are [ __ ] oh what's that that
Hawaiian Punch M Marvin that's a cup of
blood blood yep I'm just going to put
that right down oh look at that that's a
human
hand oh Marvin we interrupted his dinner
how rude of us yeah I think we should be
going now oh oh no no thank you we
already ate mushrooms we're good oh have
no Jeffy you're not going to eat a
hand okay okay we can knock that off
yeah yeah yeah guys stop we should get
out of here I know Marvin I'm just
trying not to piss him off because he
has a face on his face Hey listen I
would love to eat that hand but I
actually don't like my hand cold so
could you just put that in the microwave
for me holy [ __ ] that that is that is
the other hand and the whole arm okay
yeah yeah you can just put that in the
microwave and we're going to get the
[ __ ] out of here
run to the car no he'll be expecting
that let's go to that creepy shed over
there they might have
gas door close the door close the door
okay I think we're
safe oh Marvin he's crying now I feel
bad should we open the door no look for
gasoline yeah you're right oh cheer up
buddy we'll be out in a minute oh okay
yeah yeah yeah it's okay buddy uh daddy
there's more food over here what are you
talking about oh my God what the [ __ ] oh
my God no no no no this is not good guys
it's already halftime we really need to
get moving look at this oh sweet Jesus
he killed his grandmother and ate her
eye out with a spoon oh God that is so
metal oh look at this leg oh yeah yeah
this guy is a psychopath he is eating
good tonight this is Applebees for him
look we have to get out of here before
he eats us I think we're probably fine I
mean he has enough food to feed a whole
village no look at this look there's a
bucket of Bones down there we got to get
out here so look for gasoline yeah we
really do need to hurry up but it is
only 10 to 7 so it could still go to
overtime come on look for gas okay
Marvin look a gas can that could get us
halfway down the street okay then go put
it in the car so we can leave it looks
like he was working on this truck huh I
guess our boy's a mechanic he's not as
stupid as he looks if we were having
engine trouble he could have helped
us oh my God guys hi okay Marvin I like
our hiding spot under the truck it's
awesome it's very comfortable down here
reminds me of being a little kid playing
hide-and seek of course back then if I
got caught I didn't get murdered grandma
oh he just realized what he did that's
sad oh never mind he thinks he's at
chili eating baby back ribs oh no he's
coming this way shut the [ __ ] up Orin
you're the one doing all the talking
shut up don't don't he put the chainsaw
down oh he's having a snack while he
works on his truck boom who the [ __ ]
gave this guy a dri license oh look his
shoes are untied try to tie him so that
when he runs after us he trips and falls
yeah it's a great idea Marvin the only
problem is I I don't have legs I've
never had to tie shoes before Oh [ __ ] he
dropped his
[Music]
snack thank God Marvin I really thought
he saw us oh wait where's he going oh oh
looks like he's going to play his claw
machine
cookie big
cookie
25
50 come up here cookie oh no Marvin he's
trying to win Jeffy in the claw machine
[ __ ] [ __ ] I hope he keeps
losing come on baby come on baby come
[Music]
on oh yeah oh yeah I got it this
time [ __ ] [ __ ] grandma
[ __ ] there it is this is it I'm going to
get you Cookie I'm going to get you this
is it this is it right
here oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] this is ried this
is
grand how many goddamn quarters does
this man have get you I'm going to get
you those are my last two
quarters [ __ ] [ __ ] no [ __ ] I'm get you
no give me a
wait while he's playing the claw machine
why don't we grab his chainsaw and hit
him with it good idea Marvin oh come on
I got have two more quarters
somewhere two more quarters one two come
on thank you
Grandma come here come here big cookie
I'm coming I'm
coming oh my God I got it big cookie
you're all mine yes come here come
here [ __ ] [ __ ] son of no come here [ __ ]
[ __ ] Grand [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] Grand [ __ ]
okay kill him with the chainsaw but
Marvin he's crying and he just punted
his dead grandmother's head like 60
yards he could have been in the NFL but
we have to save Jeffy but I don't have
any more quarters just open the door to
the machine and get him out oh okay I
guess I could try
that Gra grab gra grab come on I'm going
get the gas can hurry up and pop the gas
drink up Frank Sinatra I named my car
Frank Sinatra you know like Frank Sonata
because I drive a Hyundai Sonata in
stormy sea blue heated seats paid
off
cookie cookie cookie missing someone
took
cookie [ __ ] [ __ ] oh
no oh no he's coming run now hold on I
got to get every drop have you seen gas
prices these
days come on come on come
on come on come on I can hear a little
bit more in there drink
up oh he's getting real close he's
getting real close okay screw this drive
off drive off wait no I have to pee can
I use this guy's bathroom no I'm getting
the hell out of here but first oh man
guys there's only 2 minutes left unless
the Chargers get a field goal there's no
way it's going into overtime but they do
have the ball
oh back up put it in reverse put it in
reverse no I thought I was going to
drive forward right into his house of
course I'm going to put it in reverse
I'm not stupid see that backup camera I
love this car so much that's so useful
go go go go it's doing Collision
detection cuz he's in the way go okay
fine good thing we got away from that
[ __ ] all right now let's get to the
game hold on let me check the score oh
no guys the game ended the Cowboys won
20 to 17 wait it says the game was in
Los Angeles not Dallas wait so you're
telling me we drove to Texas for no
[ __ ] reason yeah that says the game
was at the Chargers damn it okay fine
let's turn around Jesus Christ sorry
about that guys you would think I would
know where the game was because I'm the
one who bought the tickets but no well I
mean they play in Dallas next week if
you want to see that no okay damn could
have just said no thank you there's
someone at the door can you get it it's
not my house but we could go together
that could be fun you know like
friends hello
wait hold on how the hell did you get
here vro vro oh he fixed up his truck do
you have any quars oh he just wants
quars yeah hold on I'll get my wallet
yay
[Music]