and now craps is why I met rule 49e to
Opie it'll matter how are you bill you
know some Hiroshima and Nagasaki your
highest walk CSU and your entire squad
right there after the mixture and that's
something no ste who just so happened on
land that's the one at the beginning out
of match but don't worry even if you
find a way to destroy it they'll still
sit 30 more throughout the entire game
any questions across I miss the baller I
would just camp the whole game well
there's no mechs in Minecraft the game
we should all be playing instead of
fortnight do it I don't have electricity
so I can't play games I just put a bunch
of ants in my mouth and see how many can
bite my tongue
oh my scores 15 oh the mechs are India
kill all you gotta do is 360 no-scope
boom from across the mouth and then go
bonus on the entire squad like all right
class don't forget that tomorrow is
bring your favorite toy to spoon day so
you're gonna bring your favorite twenty
school and you gonna show it to the
class we can't bring it to school
tomorrow
that's so awesome but I don't know what
toys my favorite I've so many awesome
toys oh you already know it today I'm
bringing it tomorrow
why Junior we can bring a toy in school
no mom yeah we can bring a toy that's so
PE yeah so awesome I don't know what to
bring though what you actually enjoyed
school today chubby yeah dad cuz you
teacher said yet tomorrow
it's bring your favorite toy to school
day Jeffy it's not like you made that up
no daddy he really said that so I need
to take my favorite toy to school
tomorrow
okay well then just go through all your
toys and find your favorite toy then
okay daddy hmm what's toys mouth fireman
Oh PB turkey snakey
what is this new dress why are you doing
that we got camp on my favorite toy
daddy well that doesn't mean you have to
make a huge mess let's just look to the
toilet normal people take me here store
buy me a new toy
jiffy I don't have the money to buy you
a new toy right now tomorrow well I have
an arcade card with points on it so we
can go to the arcade and try to win you
a new toy all right but I only have a
few points so we have to do is right to
get enough points and enough tickets to
get you a prize okay okay how are we a
big colorful ball all right definitely
here's your game card okay hi dad yeah
just just go in there and win okay
Jeffie did you ever win a ball Jeffy
Jeffy where'd you go you're not worth my
money - they're not gonna spend money to
try to win you out of it you're not
staying there with mr. monkey it's fatty
you don't get out I'm gonna get a worker
all right so what's the problem with
that
what how'd you keep getting there I
don't know he must have crawled in or
something but I won't you get him out
what how well I don't know use the key
or something unlock it oh I don't have
the key you're not the key you work here
yeah but I swallowed it well what you
swallowed it yeah Bob was like I bet you
won't swallow that key and I was like I
bet I will
so I swallowed it well go use the
bathroom get out nah man I am backed up
well how am I get my son out I don't
know the only way you can get him out is
you gotta win him well I don't wanna
play this game yeah and it's pretty
rigged I don't think you're gonna get
him out of there
well come on help me get him out that
we're dude what I have to do well I used
to be a pro claw machine player in
college so I guess I could give it a
shot looks like it about
all right let's win this let's weigh
where to go all right go to the right
uh-huh
a lot more to the right yeah all right
so go on back okay okay okay right there
I got a good feeling about this one
no no my son is like that you miss my
son completely haha you missed my son
come on come on come on what are you
doing
well I really wanted the monkey all
right okay all right all right
stuffy your gig out there this time all
right here we go all right
right
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah okay oh this is perfect yes yes yes
everybody wins
where the chubbies not climb back in
there okay all right Jeffy with this
game if hit as hard as you can it seemed
to get the light through all into the
top so it takes a lot of strength okay
okay yeah cheffy that was very weak look
easy you sorta go all the way to the top
you only got it right there guys it's
her ease I can hit it okay
swipe it again okay all right Jeff you
pretend this time that that thing right
there is bullying you
okay Danny or you and your boy meet Bo
well how about this
let's go alright okay so you do like
this a lot harder just a lot harder oh
yeah can you tell me how many tickets I
have sure feels like you get about 200
tickets here the card gets heavier I can
tell oh well what can I get for 200
tickets oh not much
I guess I can give you this beautiful
necklace oh look there's a giraffe
I want you g to wrap well ask him oh no
sorry that giraffe right there is a over
a thousand tickets hey how many tickets
do I have you have 200 like I just told
you that Oh daddy I really want to G
around well you don't have enough
tickets Jeffy you only have it 200 and
it's a thousand but I wanted gene around
you don't have enough tickets is there
any way I can buy the giraffe with my
own money
sorry you can't do that unless you're a
boutique Rewards member a boovie Rewards
member okay fine well sign me up for the
booby rewards membership I'm sorry I
can't do that what why not it's not
movie season it's not goofy season you'd
make it goofy season well I can't make
it boofie season bougie season starts in
the summer okay well then I'll give you
the money and then when I become bubi
season you can just charge them okay
fine but you got to say the booty pledge
the boofie pledge he ever p-taff to me
okay I am Buffy I am Brophy I am goofy I
am goofily now rub your belly and say
booty booty booty movie movie
movie movie movie such idiots just take
your stupid giraffe okay oh no my new
favorite G raft toy we'll just go to bed
so you'd be ready for school tomorrow
okay so you have your toy all right oh
man Junior I am so honored that you
brought me in for your career day
project you're actually inspired by me
yeah sure whatever
Junior why did you bring in chef PB is
your favorite toy wait what well nothing
nothing ko he does know he's talking
about he he's just obsessed with it's
stupid Ken dolls just pay attention to
class all right class today is bring
your favorite toy to school day today
so I hope you all brought your favorite
toy to school so who wants to come up
first and show off their tour to the
press all right yo what's your favorite
toy my favorite toy is my personal chef
peepee I am NOT a toy Junior listen
class Julie told me today was career day
and you have to praise someone that he
looked up to yeah yeah I brush up here
because I do look up to him but he is a
toy because I like grabbing his ears and
making a man see like a Simon Says you
do the opposite to make a mad okay
friends for the hfpp
Julie you lied to me and told me that I
do why would you inspire me chef baby
you're a 30 year old chef who doesn't
get paid to cook I've never seen you
with a girlfriend all right Cory what's
your favorite toy my favorite Tony is
Ken he's my boy toy he's hunky and he's
an astronaut he's a rocket scientist
he's a lawyer and he's a doctor he's our
dog Cody shut up joking all right Cody
be - you're weird go sit out oh I'm next
all right Joseph what's your favorite
toy Oh my favorite toy is this
I found on my way to school today on
onion what it do
oh it makes me cry but I would do that
anyway cuz my life is so sad oh okay
you're gonna see for crying okay my turn
alright Jesse what's your favorite toy
my favorite toys my dear laughs now I
want the arcade I like to carry around
in my diaper like a kangaroo
oh that's not giraffe no I'll take a
rule D - OH
take it whatever you pass what grade did
you get I got a d-minus I'd be - why
don't you get an A you guys got told the
teacher I was a kangaroo oh well I'm
still a D - is the highest grade you've
got all year so I'm proud of you yep I
think I deserve to eat you beat you yeah
Jeffy let's go out and get some pizzas
that you passed
[Music]