okay jeffy's in bed so we can finally
just relax and watch a movie
who's at the door it's so late at night
hello hey Marvin oh hey Goodman what are
you doing here I came to get your house
payment oh I don't have my house payment
this month um do you even have a job
Marvin no oh okay so do you ever try
looking for one well I have tried but no
one's hiring that's a lie because I know
you said on your ass all day on the
couch so you know what you're gonna do
You're Gonna Come intern at one of my
companies and you're gonna meet me at 80
tomorrow to pay off your debts okay okay
or else you're addicted by 8 A.M who's
at the door Marvin it was Goodman he
came for the house payment I don't have
any money so now he's making me work for
him tomorrow morning oh well at least
you have a job now yeah but I'm not
getting paid I gotta go to bed
all right Marvin this is my office you
own this building yeah it's one of my
many businesses I own and operate what
kind of business do you do here we'll
get to that in a minute you want some
nuts Marvin nuts yeah it's like a medley
of cashews and almonds maybe an m m or
two no I'm fine all right I just want to
let you know that if you screw up I'm
gonna rip off your nuts and put them in
this container with a little bit of salt
and then I'm gonna eat them or I'm not
gonna mess up but what's my job for
eight hours a day you're gonna sit your
hairy ass at your desk and you're gonna
pick up the phone and then you're gonna
sell sell what you see your shirt you're
gonna sell your shirt you see those pins
over there you're gonna sell those pins
you're gonna sell those paper clips
anything and everything you can get your
hands on you sell we're going to be like
Amazon but better okay I got it so hold
on I'm getting a phone call
what do you want Lawrence I'm in a
meeting I don't have time for this [ __ ]
it better be good oh it's the Gregory
Brothers what are they offering no
[ __ ] [ __ ] are you [ __ ] kidding me
and they think I'm gonna bite on that no
mergerman merge them in oh hey Gregory
Brothers it's me Mr Goodman yeah I got
your offer four percent right well this
is what I think of your offer
if you can hear that that is the bone
going up my ass because you're offering
[ __ ]
that's what I think of your offer
[ __ ] hate the Gregory Brothers they
offered me four percent and I wipe my
ass with four percent I don't get hard
for anything less than 30 and thirst it
okay all right now come on Marvin let me
show you around the office okay all
right Marvin this is the front desk
every morning at 8 A.M sharp you're
gonna check in on this tablet if you're
even a minute late it's your ass and
this is my receptionist Susan good
morning Mr Goodman thank you uh Susan
what month is it September sir okay so
it's not October no sir so then why the
hell do we have Halloween decorations in
a month that's not October well I
thought they were cute and festive sir
nope Susan if a customer comes in here
and sees Halloween decorations in a
month that's not October they're gonna
think we don't know what month it is and
then they're not going to trust us with
their money do you understand Susan yes
sir spanking
now we don't have an HR department here
so there's a few things we need to go
over well let's go over them well
Francis called he needs the day off
because his wife is nine months pregnant
and she could go into labor at any
moment no he's fired but his wife's
about to have a baby I don't care he can
file for unemployment have all the days
off he wants okay sir well I also need
your lunch order for today okay
Chick-fil-A sandwich mayonnaise packet
Chick-fil-A sauce and a root beer but
sir it's
it's a good way for them to open up and
make me my lunch okay sir you want
anything Marvin I'll take a root beer no
you're an intern you don't get anything
uh sir the phone's ringing answer it
Marvin the people who work
Goodman's Incorporated Goodman's it's
Goodman one me only me singular uh
please hold sir to your ex-wife you
haven't paid child support this year
tell her I died
ma'am he said he's died uh he she wants
to talk to you okay give me the phone
which one are you
oh small tits yeah I hate you and I hate
the kid too hang it up hurry faster
faster you know what Susan you know what
run a lap what run a lap around the
office run a lap you're so slow go
geez she's so slow all right Marvin you
see those files back there those are all
of our customer Social Security numbers
in a single second whenever I want to I
can ruin their credit Follow Me Marvin
oh okay all right Marvin this is the
break room but you're not allowed in
here because you're an intern and
interns don't get breaks and also notice
as there's no chairs in here because
you're supposed to get your [ __ ] and get
back to work
something faster the phones are ringing
uh I do have a question why are we open
on Sundays because money never sleeps
Marvin we're the only Company on Wall
Street that's open on Sundays we got to
stay ahead of the competition now come
on let me show you the bathroom tell you
the rules all right Marvin here is the
men and women's bathroom notice as I
said that men and women's I don't play
that [ __ ] where sometimes you have a
dick and sometimes you have tits just go
in the bathroom of which thing you have
and if you ever don't know what thing
you have go outside and use the bushes
okay hey you that looks like a really
big dump in there and did not flush
that's my maid quinceanera she cleans my
house but here I have her clean the
bathrooms also no banging in the
bathroom between 11 A.M and 1 p.m that's
my hours wait meet the gum in our
jewelry now because someone took a
really big dinky in the toilet go flush
it okay all right Marvin meet me back in
office in three minutes hold on
quinceanera how bad does it smell in
there
all right Mark in five minutes it's
blumpkin time foreign sorry about that
Marvin I like to relieve stress before
lunch speaking of lunch certain
service that's right here sir oh wow you
actually
Chick-fil-A and he opened up for me okay
shoot
Marvin is my trash can over there yeah
it is can you put that in wait you want
me to throw it away yeah I'm not gonna
eat it I don't want that I just give her
impossible tasks to see if she can do it
I'm looking for a reason to fire her I
guess I'll just try again next month
okay I mean can I eat it no you're an
intern nuts well where do I work oh let
me show you your desk come on all right
Marvin this is your desk and you see
that phone over there you pick up that
phone and you grab a phone book and you
call any and every number that you can
find and you sell sell if you don't make
me at least ten thousand dollars a day
you're costing me money that sounds like
a lot of work yeah it is but we don't
play around here okay if you need me I'm
under hear me if they're grooming ah
wrong desk mine's over there okay
man sorry about that Taco Bell doesn't
know where she's at but uh if you ever
find her crawling underneath your desk
just kick her she'll know where to go
now you pick up that phone and you get
to sell them Mister okay I'll try okay
come on hopefully this works hello hello
sir my name is Marvin I work at Goodman
Incorporated how's your day going oh my
kid is showing
hi kick how about yours it's going just
lovely so I have an opportunity for you
today to buy stuff oh okay
okay
well we we're selling a whole bunch of
pins like so many pins okay what kind of
pins uh we got some purple and blue I'm
gonna be honest with you I'm not really
interested in pens okay well you could
buy the shirt that I'm wearing it has a
tie oh yeah I'm not really interested in
that but if you had some huge women's
panties I would totally buy uh no we
don't sell used women's panties well
then I'm not interested bye
hey Marvin you see this what is that
it's a doctor's note from Tyler you know
what we do with doctor's notes what you
put them in the shredder because they're
no good here
you shred doctor's notes now I don't
care if you have cancer or covet you're
coming to work
the phone's ringing answer it okay thank
you for calling Goodman Incorporated
this is Marvin how may I help you this
is the Gregory Brothers is Goodman there
uh please hold it's the Gregory Brothers
well ask them if they took their head
out of their ass and they're ready to
make a deal what are they offering
Goodman would like to know what you're
offering we are ready to offer Goodman
24 they're gonna offer you 24 24 what is
that 12 for each of them coming up their
ass uh you heard that right yeah you'll
tell Gorman we won a meeting he would
like a meeting with you well I won't
even consider a meeting until they're
offering 30 percent he won't consider
consider oh were you tell Goodman we
want a meeting and we'll make it worth
his time they're saying it's going to be
worth it okay well if they want a
meeting I'll give them a meeting but if
they screw me their nuts are going to my
Tupperware okay
hang on don't listen come on all right
Marvin you're coming with so come on
okay all right Marvin if the Gregory
Brothers offer me anything less than 30
I want you to stand up on this table
pull your pants down and take a [ __ ] and
then I want you to eat it and say I'd
rather eat my own [ __ ] than take this
deal I'm not gonna do that have you
eating today you wouldn't let me darn it
you're supposed to be Brewing up a [ __ ]
but don't worry I have one so I'll [ __ ]
on the table and then you eat my [ __ ]
and say I'd rather eat his [ __ ] but take
this deal I'm not gonna do that what's
this meeting about well listen the
Gregory brothers own Velveeta and they
need my money to stay afloat because
Kraft is killing them in sales but
little do they know I own craft so
that's why I need at least 30 on this
deal to monopolize the cheese industry
and then I can sell cheese to Mickey
Mouse or whoever the [ __ ] eats cheese
Ratatouille as [ __ ] oh wait they're
coming in hello Goodman I am Greg
unfortunately my brother couldn't make
it because he's sick so instead I
brought my brother from another mother
Tyrone what's cracking full of business
man all right let's cut the cheese and
get down to the cheddar all right I have
myself start from last week Tyrone
helped me oh my bad geez so you'll see
it Monday at Market open we were up 10
in sales unfortunately Tuesday and
Wednesday we dropped 20 will you tell me
Tiki hit why'd you [ __ ] so hard on
Tuesday and Wednesday we had an outbreak
of E coli in the workforce yeah a lot of
bubble Goods how'd you recover so fast
well we released our new Mac and Cheese
cup and it went wild oh I love macaroni
and cheese cups but I have a question
why are your tits out yeah I was
wondering the same thing I just don't
want to ask I forgot my shirt all right
well I'm not interested in your weekly
cheese chart tell me what you're going
to offer me for me to help you oh you're
gonna love this I have an even bigger
chart this is the new board so good man
jeez yes all right now that that's out
of the way we're willing to offer you 47
ownership of our company in exchange for
20 million dollars of your money and
we'll pay you back five million dollars
quarterly in royalties or we'll give you
25 ownership of our company for 10
million dollars of your money with no
royalties Marvin [ __ ] on the table but
they're offering you 47 you only wanted
30. I know but I really wanted 51 don't
tell them that fine all right milk jug
tits I actually want 51 of the company
see I don't know if we can give up that
much of the company okay okay how about
51 but no royalties more of a [ __ ] on
the table what I want you to show the
table right now what is she doing he's
gonna take a [ __ ] on your table unless
you give me 53 and I get to smack those
big man tits oh 53 I don't know if I can
give up that much of the company Tyrone
come here oh
okay okay got it got it all right Mr
copen I have one question for you do you
like cheese does it look like I like
[ __ ] cheese you have yourself a deal
all right Marvin let's get out of here
don't look back Marvin that was
spectacular I think it was you almost
[ __ ] on the table that got us the
deal what Marvin here helped me land a
deal with Velveeta to her now I own 50
of the company wow damn right well see
the Hat cheesy cheesy [ __ ] now Marvin
remember Sunday to Sunday 8 A.M don't be
late we're counting on you
well now you have a job at least yeah
but I don't think Goodman's a good boss
[Music]