oh man Joseph I love pizza paloa me too
dude we need to do this more often like
every day yeah that'd be so awesome hey
guys sorry I'm late to Pizza paloa yeah
we kind of got stuck in a situation yeah
stuck being the operative word were you
stuck in traffic no we walked here well
do you want some pizza well I don't
think I should be eating anything until
I unclog the exit what the hell is that
Ken yeah he stuck up my ass how did Ken
get stuck up your butt I don't know it
just happened you don't just get a doll
stuck up your ass dude okay me and Timmy
were playing plug of war that is not a
game yes it is where we test to see how
strong our sphincters are by putting
each end of Ken Cody we don't want to
hear it yeah please stop well anyway I
won and now Ken is stuck up there but if
you look at him he looks kind of like
the Wicked Witch of the East when
Dorothy's house landed on her except
instead of a house it's my [ __ ] well
why don't you just pull Ken out I tried
yeah I was kind of hoping maybe all
three of you guys could try pulling dude
I'm not touching Ken it's no telling
where the other end of Ken has been up
my ass yeah I thought we were pretty
clear on that okay why don't you just
call a doctor to help okay I will at
least it won't be as embarrassing as the
last time I had to call a doctor about
the rat on my
butt oh I forgot we're not Family Guy I
don't know why I thought there would be
a cutaway there okay I'll call the
doctor hey there somebody call a doctor
yeah he has a doll up his ass I'm sorry
did you say a dollar no a doll like a
Barbie oh like a toy doll well how did
that happen did you fall off a bunk bed
into a toy box no we were playing plug
of War have you ever heard of it no but
I can take a guess now so how can you
get Ken out of his butt well this
reminds me of the time mad I McGee had a
stick stuck up his ass who's mad I McGee
I don't have time to explain it now
maybe in the next video okay so how can
you get him out of his butt well I could
try to pull him out but I don't want to
rupture his colon all right let me try
it oh God I would have done that oh that
tastes terrible sorry I had asparagus
for dinner last night and a shitload of
pineapple I can still taste it oops okay
so how can you get him out if he's stuck
in there well I could put petroleum
jelly on there and see if he slides out
but the only kind of jelly I have in my
glove box is grape well do whatever you
got to do doc okay I'll go get the Jelly
you just stay bent over like that oh
that's how we got into this mess o Cody
if you stay bent over like that I might
put something else up there o do it all
right you mother Smuckers I got the
concord grape jelly is it weird that I
can taste it Jesus is it weird that I
want to taste it all right that's enough
of me niggaer I'm out well I also got
peanut butter ooh doc if you leave us
alone for a few minutes I could totally
make a PB&J in between those buns please
stop I'm doing a very important
procedure here okay kid I'm going to try
to pull it out just don't clench okay no
promises Doc it's like the Nutty putty
cave in there I hate this so much okay
get ready 3 2
1 okay kid I got him out of there that
was so hot wait doctor he's still
missing his head you have to go back up
there and get it oh man kid if his
head's in there it's got to be really
deep I don't know so now head look just
go to the bathroom and try to push it
out okay okay I sat on the toilet and
strained real hard and this is all the
stuff that came out let's see I got a
jumbo siiz lollipop damn I got an Oscar
don't know who that is I got this Nerf
bullet I got a king-size Sharpie I got a
2X two Rubik's Cube oh I got the Master
Chief from Halo I got this Dragon Ball
going to have to make another one of
those pretty soon oh and I got Ken's
head so let me just put that back on
there actually you know what I should
wash him off too okay Ken's back and
he's all clean well I guess my work here
is done just don't put anything else up
there no promises well Ken did you enjoy
the view all right let's have some pizza
oh junior did you [ __ ] your pants no
well something in this room smells like
straight up fart and grape jelly Maybe
your butt cuz you literally had grape
jelly up there Junior my butthole is as
clean as a whistle you know how when you
get an empty Coke bottle and you blow in
the top and it whistles like that's my
butthole okay well it's not me and I
don't know what that smell is H is it
the pizza no it's not that oh oh ken you
smell like ass yeah cuz he was literally
up yours but I washed him off with so
much water did you use soap no why would
I because you're supposed to use soap to
clean him oh well I mean I guess we
could try that cuz he is stinking is
that a word well stinking is a word but
stinken is not unless you say it like he
be stinking you know if you say it fast
it sounds like a word okay okay well
come on Ken let's get you washed
up all right now we just have to wait
for it to fill up doct Cody has a big
nasty red rash on his tushy yeah I was
wiping too much now Cody you know when
you have a poopy tushy you're supposed
to call Mommy you're supposed to say
mommy please come wipe me I know so what
are you going to do next time you got a
poopy tushy woy I'm going to call Bobby
that's right now doct Cody needs
ointment for his poopy tushy now Cody
apologize to the nice doctor for wasting
his time because kids with poopy tushies
are bad Little Owls I'm sorry doctor I'm
a bad little owl hoot hoot that's the
sound owls make what the hell was that
was that the Cutaway I asked for a few
minutes ago why why was it late whatever
let's just wash Ken grab a whole B of
soap okay okay he should be all squeaky
clean let me see oh God he still smells
like crap no way oh God how does he
smell worse ooh let me smell oh I kind
of like it it smells like your ass my
ass does not smell like that listen Cody
you got to throw Ken away he's
disgusting no Junior well give him
another bath well I already used a whole
bar of soap why don't we use the washing
machine why would you use a dead
president what he said use George
Washing Machine Junior do you think our
first president's name was George
washing machine isn't that his name no
it's George Washington why do you think
it's called Washington DC I thought it
was washing machine DC and the DC stood
for delicate cycle no let's go put him
in the Washington machine all right
let's put Ken in the Washington machine
okay let's just throw him in there and
then put this on heavy duty why not
small load oh we never have small loads
true true wao wao wao I love the way the
washing machine vibrates it's done okay
let me just get Ken out of there he
should smell much better now he still
smells like butthole why don't we try
the dishwasher yeah I guess those things
do wash dishes and there are some pretty
stinky Foods it's worth a shot wait Cody
why are you throwing your doll in my
dishwasher because I had him up my butt
and now he's stinky this is a dishwasher
not a assher Cody get them out but come
on Chef peip this is our last idea well
you're not going to clean them in my
dishwasher you're going to get my dishes
dirty get them out now okay fine maybe I
can take him to some kind of Chinese spa
ooh that's a great idea and I'll Google
ways to clean them in case that's
doesn't work
okay right there Rafiki get my shoulders
you feel that knot that's where I carry
my stress oh no you stress out yeah
because my sweat shop employees want
more money I personally think that
they're overpaid 9 cents a day is enough
now get the hot candle wax in my
ass yane Doodle went to town riding on a
pony stuck a feather in his ass and
called it [ __ ] oh no you okay of course
I'm okay Rafiki now use two fingers this
time what oh hello sir hold on hold on
hold
on okay what do you want how you are
enjoying your spa day oh it's great she
just got to the good part now tell
Rafiki and Bing Bong not to forget my
happy ending mother don't forget his
happy miror oh of course oh hold on Sir
getting more customer walking in hello
sir welcome to Hong Wong dong spur how
may I help you uh yeah my boyfriend's
really stinky and I was just wondering
if you guys had like a spa treatment
that could make him smell better hold on
let me smell oh hurry [ __ ] he's so Tinky
no no can help you wait so you can't
help no we can give him manicure or
pedicure or yum yum Ro but you can't
give him like a bath or something no but
we can give him happy ending no I can do
that never mind all right now I'm going
to pull it to Shawn Watson okay I'm back
how'd it go well they said they couldn't
do it they only do Happy Endings you
didn't get one did you no of course not
I have you okay good just tell Cody your
idea to make Ken smell better okay so I
Googled a bunch of stuff and the only
thing we haven't tried yet is to spray
him with cologne to make him smell
better well that might at least mask the
[ __ ]
[Music]
smell let's
see no that didn't work at all now he
just smells like Macy's and [ __ ] A that
was my last idea Junior do you have any
ideas to make Ken smell better we could
take a car air freshener and put it
around his neck I was saying my idea
Cody don't interrupt oh my God what
happened to your face I'm allergic to
the cologne you're not allergic to my
colon that was a stretch oh no it's
definitely a stretch especially the Cody
like it's not supposed to stretch but it
totally does guys I'm dying okay guys
don't move I watched a Tik Tok that will
help with
this junior what the [ __ ] are you doing
a Tik Tok dance how is that supposed to
help if you heard the music that goes
with this you would think it was crazy
yes Junior I'm sure it's a very sick
dance but I'm dying over here I would
call 911 but my phone's downstairs I
would call 911 but my phone died from
watching Tik Tok somebody get a goddamn
phone okay rock paper scissors who gets
their phone
[Music]
okay guys stop singing The Ed NY theme
s somebody help me I like Ed and NY Cody
it's a great show but I'm going to die
okay I'll will grab my phone but you
have to let it charge first yeah TIY go
get your phone no I'm going to stay here
and do CPR until Junior gets back but I
can't breathe hey there somebody call a
doctor oh God what's wrong with your
face I sprayed him with my colon ew no
no no he's allergic to Cologne oh that
makes so much more sense I need an epip
pen oh well I don't have an epip pen but
uh I do have a weed pen out in my car
you want to hit that [ __ ] huh you want
to hit that [ __ ] [ __ ] bro you you
want to hit that [ __ ] with me right now
dog huh you want to hit that [ __ ] I need
an epip pen oh my my God you're such a
square well I don't have an EP pen but I
do have this other pen that I like to
click when I'm thinking but I don't know
where that is right now so I'm all out
of ideas okay well is he going to die if
he doesn't get his EP pen well let me
take a look at him no I don't think he's
going to die but he looks like he's
going to die hey I'm a doctor okay I
went to 2 years of online Community
College I think I am more than qualified
to say if he's going to die or not but
my father says you need an 8-year degree
to get a doctorate oh yeah well guess
what I'm also a cop and I happen to know
that your father was arrested in 1993
for dressing up like a girl and being a
prostitute it all makes sense now yeah
so uh he doesn't need an neepy pen he'll
be fine wait what is that awful poop
smell oh it says Kendall wait hold on no
he smells like cologne wait hold on yeah
he does smell like cologne but I still
smell the
poop oh God it's you wait wait kid did
you poop your pants yeah wait Cody you
accused me of pooping my pants I know so
you knew the whole time yeah I just
didn't want anybody to know I pooped my
pants you could have went home I know
but my pants were just so poopy well kid
you know I'm going to have to tell your
parents now right please don't I'm sorry
I got to go tell the tushy monster Cody
is what the doctor told me true do you
really have a poopy tushy yeah why
didn't you call Mommy to come and wipe
you because my tushy was so
poopy oh Cody now you're going to get a
rash why didn't you make it to the
toilet in time well because I had a
lollipop up my ass and a Rubik's Cube
and Master Chief and an Oscar and a
really big sharpy and a dragon ball and
when I took all that stuff out it was
like a tsunami of
doodoo oh Cody apologize to your friends
for making such a big stink I'm sorry
guys guys I'm a poopy Little Owl hoot
hoot come on Cody let's take that poopy
tushy back
[Music]
home