all right craft today we're going to be
learning about supply and demand supply
and demand is a very crucial part of
business let me give you an example
today I was on my way to craft and I
stopped by the egg R store to get some
egg rolls I ordered 10 egg rolls and
they only had one egg roll so their
supply did not meet the demand so I go
outside and I start rioting we want egg
rolls we want egg roll say with me crft
we want egg rolls we we want egg rolls
we want want egg rolls oh man those egg
rolls are making me hungry good thing I
brought Doritos hey Junior can I have
those chips I forgot my lunch and I'm
really hungry can you have these chips
if you want them you got to work for
them baby girl give me them lips for
these chips ew no Junior let me suck on
them toes for these Doritos Junior gross
get on your knees for this nacho cheese
oh my God how about I give you $5 for
the chips what $5 for these chips yeah
they're not made of gold but sure
go get them oh you're such a jerk oh my
God I made $5 off of chips and I still
have a candy bar I can eat oh man I
can't wait to eat my chocolate bar did
you say chocolate bar yeah dude you know
I love chocolate I'll give you a dollar
for it a dollar yeah okay go get it what
dud I just made $6 off of snacks and I
still have Skittles I can
eat oh man I can't wait to taste the
rainbow o are those Skittles yeah well
if anybody's going to Taste the rainbow
it's me and Ken we're nothing nothing
but rainbow I'll give you a dollar for
them a dollar yeah okay uh can you hand
them to me instead of just like throwing
them on the floor like you did last time
go get it what okay I I just made $7 in
an hour that's more than minimum wage
I'm going to become the snack dealer ooh
he said it he said the title oh man I
can't wait to grab more snacks to make
more money at
school Chef peipi what is this a box of
blueberry muffins wrong it's an empty
box of blueberry muffins okay I need you
to go buy more cuz we need more snacks I
don't have any money Jor just go and ask
your
dad hey uh dad what do you want to here
I'm trying to watch TV well we ran out
of snacks in the pantry and I was
wondering if you could go to the store
and buy more snacks no I'm not buying
any more snacks look I don't have any
money you don't have any money well then
how do you pay the light bills and stuff
I know you have money can you just go
buy more snacks I'm not buying any more
snacks Junior you better not touch my
snacks either your snacks yeah my snacks
they're in my snack drawer I have a
secret snack drawer open that drawer
over there
okay yeah yeah that's my secret snack
Droid you better not touch any of my
candy oo I got to go to the
bathroom all right guys I got some more
snacks Junior where are you getting all
these snacks from where's your face
getting all those pimples from okay look
it's from my dad's snack stash do you
want anything well does he know you're
selling them does your mom know she's
overweight okay look what do you want
well those sour skittles look pretty
good I'll give you a dollar for them a
pleasure doing business with you
Cody why go get them Joseph you want
anything oh dude is that a popart it
sure is what flavor is it uh whatever
one you'll buy strawberry it it's
definitely strawberry oh you know I love
strawberry dude all pleasure doing bus
go get it come on I was about to get it
hey Penelope you see anything you want
on this desk no Junior I brought my
lunch today you brought your lunch what'
you bring carrot sticks and hummus that
sounds gross you sound like you need
some blueberry muffins or some Starburst
I'm trying to be healthy Junior oh when
you're 40 years old you're going to be
fat ugly and divorced anyway what's it
matter hm you're right what is that a
dollar yeah you gave me $5 yesterday
they paid a dollar well those are the
homies that's homie pricing bros before
hoes and you're definitely the second
word before here what okay yeah throw in
a starburst oh you're killing me mommy
look go get them Junior you're going to
lose customaries if you keep throwing
everyone's food on the floor
okay I already made $7 exactly what I
made yesterday oh I can make more hey
Jeffy you want any snacks snacks I like
snacks what you got I have Cheetos and
zebra cakes oh I'll do you Cheetos give
me a dollar all right there you go
pleasure doing business with you
Jeffy go get them why do that hey Junior
I'll take those zebra cakes for a dollar
all right give me the dollar all right
pleasure doing bid with
you I dropped them go go go get them 5 6
7 8 9 I made $9 today business is good
all right guys I'll be back tomorrow
more snacks this was not strawberry dude
no
returns all right guys I went to the
store and using the money I made from
the last few days I bought a bunch of
snacks so I got the supply Now where's
the
demand who junior are those nerds uh y
they are Cody it's a candy named after
you okay Junior I'm insulted but here's
a dollar I want them okay now could you
please just hand them to me godam do
anybody else want anything all right
craft I am pissed why am I so pissed off
because yesterday after craft I was
walking around the room and I find this
and I know what you're thinking what is
this it's trash from someone eating in
Cass and now there's ansing [ __ ] running
around the crass room so now I have a
new rule no eating in crafts and if I
catch you eating in craft you're going
to be suspended no questions what looks
like you're at of business Junior a dude
I really wanted a candy bar I really
wanted Cool Ranch Doritos guys guys guys
I'm not out of business we just we have
to we have to be really sneaky right so
so if you eat your food you just eat it
in your desk and throw your trash away
okay so so what do you want Oh I want a
Snickers dude okay you want Cool Ranch
Doritos
yeah when to die put my money in the
grave I really got to put a couple
Snickers in your
place all right guys um don't get caught
with your snacks and uh you know I'll
see you tomorrow
all right guys I got more snacks what do
you want you're not even trying to hide
it are you Junior well look the
teacher's not in the classroom yet so
I'm trying to sell it before class what
do you want ooh I want a cosmic brownie
okay is that a Reese's I SM yeah I have
Reese's oh I'll take a honey bun between
your buns Junior all right I'll get it
for everyone all right did everybody get
what they wanted mhm yeah dude I wanted
this between your butt cheeks in case
that wasn't clear CR I am so pissed off
I'm more pissed off today than I ever
been pissed off in my room
yesterday after saying no eating in
craft I find this which means someone
name craft so I had no choice but to
hire a snack police get in here hey
there I'm the snack police I mean I'm
actually a real cop but I'm just here to
crack down on snack I don't want to see
anybody eating snacks in class snack is
whack yeah and if we find you eating
snack in class we are going to charge
you with possession of snacks and maybe
even intention to distribute if I have
probable cause yes so don't let us find
you having any snacks in your possession
uhoh oh no you g me all your snacks to
you so do you have any possible suspects
H I have some idea excuse me sir sh well
I couldn't help but notice all the
snacks on your desk they're not mine oh
yeah that's what they all say no my
friend gave them to me oh yeah who's
your friend I ain't no snitch all right
well I'm going to have to arrest you for
possession of snacks especially cuz the
board says no eating in class but I'm
not eating eating them in class I
haven't even opened anything H you got
me he got me you know what change the
board to say no snacks in class all
right now I'm going to arrest you for
possession of snacks well that's not
fair cuz the board says no eating and
I'm not eating the teacher hasn't even
said no snacks in class and I already
brought them in the class you're good
you should be a lawyer but I'm still
going to arrest you for intention to
distribute cuz there's no way you going
eat all these by yourself all right
that's okay I ain't scared to nothing I
ain't scared to drop your soap whoa
Junior Jeffy just got arrested but he's
a real one didn't snitch dealing on the
streets are hard dude what are you going
to do you lost all your product I'll get
more we just have to be more sneaky just
don't get caught I'll see you guys
tomorrow all right guys I got a new plan
I'm going to sell the snacks out of my
backpack so we don't get caught what do
you want Cody no it's okay Junior I
already bought a snack you already
bought a snack from who from the new
dealer New dealer he's so hot you bought
a snack from him too yeah oh man I wish
I was at Three Musketeers but who's the
new dealer what's up Junior Lil T what
are you doing here oh man I'm selling
snacks at school and I'm making killing
wooo what uh what you think you're doing
I'm doing my thing what you think you
doing I'm selling my snacks trying to
make a living so you better get stepping
cuz it's my block nah n n this my block
I've been moving a lot of product over
here so this mine see I've been selling
I've been selling snacks on this block
for days now you just can't come up here
and ruin a homie business oh okay okay
what snacks you sold today well I
haven't sold any today because Chef PE
woke up late and had to brush his teeth
we got stuck in traffic so you got here
early oh okay Early B is the wor un
that's the bir get shot what you trying
to say what you trying to say trying to
say my snacks are better oh n nah nah n
my snacks Smile Back Snicker what you're
trying to go to war huh oh yeah we can
go to war if you're feeling froggy then
leave ribbit ribbit all right class so
we changed the board to say no snacks in
class cuz apparently there was some
confusion yesterday yeah we made an
arrest yesterday too and we're pretty
sure it was the snack Kingpin so
hopefully there's not going to be any
more snack dealing going on but don't
try anything cuz I got eyes like a bat
you better not snitch oh I don't snitch
I just Merk fools oh good luck with that
fool oh okay yeah we'll see about that
I'm going to kill him Junior it's just
snacks no I'm going to kill him I'm
going to shoot him no Junior don't shoot
him don't throw your life away over
snacks you don't understand Cody this is
my life now I'm married to the streets
man I got so much money I'm about to
Abraham Lincoln this
fool you shot him dude why did you shoot
him what's wrong with you I'm crazy you
guys better not stitch on me you'll be
next hi the G oh my God oh my God okay
stay with me you're going to be okay I
got shot man who who shot you it was
yeah it was yeah ain't no snitch
no snitches get
stitches I'm going to find out who shot
you and I'm going to avenge you I
promise all right that's it who did it
huh huh all right I'm going to search
every desk and every backpack until I
find the weapon oh no hey you kid let me
search your backpack uh why cuz I want
to know what's in it it's just a bunch
of school stuff all right then show me
okay let me just reach into my backpack
you don't want to do this kid I have
nothing to live for well neither do I I
got an ugly wife I get 60 jobs I don't
care if I die go ahead and shoot me pull
the trigger I'm not scared come on watch
do it pull thegg pull bra out I don't
care look I'll do it for you I can't do
it yeah I know cuz you don't have the
guts and to be honest neither did I I I
was scared beyond belief there I I can't
actually believe I did that I'm a badass
oh look I I didn't mean for it to get
this far I was just trying to sell some
candy I know I know kid it's okay we're
going to get you some help come
on hey Junior what kind of punishment
did they give you yeah dude they
suspended me for 3 Days oh Junior they
really threw the book at you yeah it's
going to be my permanent record for life
oh colleges aren't going to like that
yeah my dad's really mad where you guys
going to get your snacks at now I'm
trying to quit this stuff yeah me too
dude my stomach hurts hey Joseph I'm
gonna fart in Cody's face oh dud it dude
it's GNA be so gross hey Cody
yeah that's good that's a good toot
[Music]