all right baby you want to watch a movie
baby that wasn't me I heard
it look it was a whoopee cushion well
aren't I just
owie Jeffy you why don't you go do
something like go read a book I can't
read I have an idea Jeffy why don't you
go check the mail and see if my shoes
came in wait you ordered shoes yeah
Marvin I'm sick of walking around
Barefoot yeah Jeffy go check the mail
check the mail my dog out huh we'll take
a flashlight Jeffy oh yeah we do have
the world's brightest flashlight oh my
God
Mail Time
oh there is a package in there
what is that I'm gonna go check it out
and no is anyone there
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my God it was just murder I'll ever
get away with and the best part is no
Witnesses oh hey did y'all see what I
just did remember you gonna tell anybody
no good time to get rid of this evidence
you didn't see nothings
oh good the cops are here
okay hey drop that lightsaber I know
it's a lightsaber I've seen Star Wars
It's a flashlight I said drop it [ __ ]
okay okay okay let's get him
the streets I found the motor weapon
good job Simmons oh you're going to jail
for a long time let's go tell your
parents what you did come on are you
okay Marvin no I have third degree burns
in my face because of how hot that light
was and I can't see you'll be okay your
son is under arrest
what's my package in the mail yes well
did you grab it no I got arrested oh
I'll get it myself Jeffy why did you get
arrested your son killed a little girl
across the street no less Jeffy did not
kill a little girl oh yeah then why did
I find him with this lightsaber huh
seems like Sith activity to me killing
younglings that's a flashlight okay
Count Dooku well we also found this
bloody knife
okay did you find Jeffy holding that
knife no but he was very close to it
Jeffy did you kill a little girl no but
I saw who did it ooh tea time spill the
tea who was it well I don't know his
name or anything but he was bald with a
little bit of hair on his sides and he
was really scary what was it him no
close but no oh thank God well I guess
we can take you to the police lineup and
you can pick him out come on okay Jeffy
these are all the criminals that have
been arrested tonight so just point out
which one did it can they see me no no
you're totally safe in here this is a
two-way mirror so we can see them but
they can't see us okay deal with him hey
don't put him in you little [ __ ] I think
you can see me no no he can't see you
yes I can that little [ __ ] in the blue
Elm in the yellow Jeffy sir you're dead
when I get out of here no it's safe for
you anymore no one can protect you yeah
that's definitely him oh yeah this is
just regular glass I guess he can see
you well you listen here just because
this kid right here in this blue helmet
and yellow shirt ratted you out and he's
gonna make you spend the rest of your
life in jail doesn't mean you need to
get all mad you should be mad at
yourself for killing that girl well you
just tell him that Noah's safe for him
anymore cause I'm gonna send my goons
after him
I got you I Bugs Bunny do so uh come on
Jeffy let's go good news sir we caught
the guy that killed that little girl and
Jeffy here's the one that pointed him
out good job kid you can have that
lollipop okay there is just one more
thing though sir the killer knows
jeffy's the one that pointed him out and
he said he'd send his goons after him
well you know what that means he has to
go into witness protection okay great so
where's that your house what my house
why does it have to be my house cause
you're a cop you can protect him and his
family but sir I don't want them to go
to my house that's an order guy and you
tell his family they're moving in with
you I hate my life come on Jeffy let's
go
I thought you got shoes I did Marvin
their shoes with wheels on them those
are roller skates oh you should get some
too hey there I have some good news and
I have the worst news I've ever heard in
my life what's the good news oh those
are sick thanks oh well the good news is
jeffy's not under arrest anymore because
he correctly identified the killer yeah
yeah God that looks so fun what's the
worst news oh well the worst news is now
the killer knows who Jeffy is and he's
gonna try to kill him so now all of you
guys have to come live with me but why
do I have to live with you it's like
witness protection where we protect
Witnesses apparently by sending them to
my house because I'm a cop but what if
we don't want to live at your house why
wouldn't you want to live at my house
it's fun I have TV you act like I don't
even have TV well I mean what if we just
want to stay at our house no now you
have to live at my house because you
offended me I wouldn't want to live in
your stupid house anyway it's stupid
with your stupid red couch what do you
like five and you stupid popcorn
ceilings those are those are dumb well
how long will we have to live at your
house I don't know just until they
execute the guy or whatever just come on
so pack up your stuff and we're gonna
have a sleepover we can paint each
other's nails and talk about boys come
on
okay welcome to my house I hope it's not
too stinky for you or whatever it is you
were expecting it's not a third world
country we have food honey I'm home
we're home Barney you didn't tell me we
were having company I would have cleaned
no you wouldn't you never do any of your
woman duties
oh my God yeah well look Karen these
people are going to have to stay here
for a little while because they're in
witness protection see their son
witnessed a murder and now the murderer
is after them Boyne that was nice of you
to offer for them to stay with us oh I
didn't offer and apparently they don't
even want to be here because apparently
they think we live in a barn that's
because we make animal noises at night
pointy ride
she means her snoring I haven't touched
her in years she snores like a polar
bear
there you go again always making jokes
it's because I love to drink Coca-Cola
yeah Coca-Cola so where do we sleep on
the couch
like hell that's my bed they can't sleep
in it it's a Sleep Number it's adjusted
to my body it knows what I like but boy
you said
you still a little while I lied I don't
know how long it's gonna be they could
be here for years Boyne let them have
the bed all right listen where are we
gonna sleep at we're okay with the couch
on the couch no pointy let them have the
bedroom besides if we sleep on the couch
then you have to come
okay fine you guys can have the bed but
don't you dare touch my sleep number my
sleep number is 37 and I'll know if you
mess with it okay baby I'm gonna put our
stuff in the room
Electric plants I don't even think they
do that hey can I
jerk
right there just don't touch my
toothbrush oh man I only walk with
toothbrushes Jesus this is gonna be a
long night
[Music]
breaking news Okay a man that has killed
a little girl has just escaped from jail
he's extremely dangerous and if you see
him call the police immediately oh no
The Killer escapes well that's not good
well good thing nobody knows the
Witnesses are here wait hold on who's
calling me hello hey oh this is New York
the police Chiefs oh hey chief are you
sick you sound different oh yeah real
sick oh
well I'm really sorry to hear that what
can I do for you yes so uh where are
those with
well I took him back to my house like
you told me to remember oh yeah I
remember so uh what's your address oh
it's a three two one pickle tickle Lane
oh how could I forget that yeah it's
pretty memorable uh by the way Chief did
you see the
seats you'll be a real soon if they came
to your house and killed all of you yeah
that would be really bad well it's a
good thing that he doesn't know my
address and he doesn't know the
Witnesses are here which they are oh
yeah really good well anyways I'll see
you soon wait wait you're coming over
Chief no no I mean like seeing you soon
it's like uh tomorrow it worked but but
sir I requested tomorrow off months ago
you already approved it oh yeah how can
I forget that I I mean my God
bowling what [ __ ] yeah I'll know bowling
with you chief that sounds like a lot of
fun all right well I'll see you tomorrow
okay bye oh man going bowling with the
chief that sounds great maybe I'll get
that big promotion should I let him win
oh I'll definitely let him win I won't
use bumpers hey we had an accident we
what do you mean we we pissed the bed we
pissed the bet you all pissed in the bed
you son of a [ __ ]
it escalated into a piss puddle in my
sleep number oh I'm done is that mine
and Karen's toothbrush in your ass yeah
I told you I had to wipe oh Jesus this
is a nightmare I should have let you all
get murdered
accidents in accidents plural accidents
what do we do about the piece you clean
it you clean the pee you take the sheets
off the bed and you clean the pee with
soap and water there were no sheets on
the bed when we peed oh God you peed
directly on the map
his number get the [ __ ] away from me
with that get the [ __ ] back oh did we
just put newspaper on the pee like in
big yeah you put the newspaper on there
and sleep in your filth like animals
Jesus everybody get away from me
time to teach that get a lesson for
snitch on me I'm gonna cut him like a
fish
oh boy somebody's at the door that must
be my Uber Eats I ordered Taco Bell in a
Baja Blast
oh my God that's the killer the door's
locked idiot you can't get in and I have
no reason to ever go outside oh yeah
well I guess you don't want this Taco
Bell Booyah no my bv5 layer burrito give
me that you bastard all you have to do
is open the door and let me kill that
kid and this is all yours well I can't
do that but I got three people who just
pissed in my bed I'm pretty mad at you
could pick from one of them no I want
the kid who snitched on me look I can't
let you kill him no matter how good that
Taco Bell is oh really
well I guess you wouldn't mind if I eat
this beep beeplay a burrito no don't do
it you bastard I'll kill you no no no no
that's my burrito
now don't do that don't do that that's
my burrito no
no
he ate it the bastard ate it have mercy
oh man that beefy five-let burrito was
so good but now I'm so big thirsty if
only there was something for me to
drinks oh what's that
don't you dare sit my Baja Blast I'll
have you be headed for that here I go
that's it you can eat my beefy five
layer burrito but when you drink my Baja
Blast that's where I draw the line
haha my baja blast
we'll choke's on you I have HIV and I
have open swords in my mouth I don't
care I have my Baja Blast and the front
door is locked so have fun out there
oh that's good you want some blast sure
it's got HIV on it what yeah it's got
HIV on it that's what you get for
pissing in my bed you goon
what were you doing at the front door
you were screaming a lot oh the killer
was there what the killer yeah he
escaped but don't worry I locked the
front door he can't get in what about
the back door
Marvin hold my
my hands were getting cold okay Marvin
if that killer kills me do not give him
my blast even if he has a knife to my
wife's throat do not give him the blast
got it okay
okay one more step
uh no I can't okay all right get out of
my house are you ready to die I said get
out of my house not until you give me
the boy with the blue hill no is that a
Nerf gun yeah Police Issue never bring a
knife to a gunfight that's for eating my
burrito you piece of [ __ ] we'll never
have to worry about him ever again is
that a real gun yeah it just looks like
a Nerf gun so kids will play with it
it's pretty [ __ ] up all right now give
me my blast and get the [ __ ] out of my
house
Jeffy Rose let's go
[Music]