okay guys are you ready to play with my
new Robo rage toy oh cool Bish versus
Bosh oh dude I want to be Chris Bosh and
I want to be [ __ ] because I'm 100 that
[ __ ] I want to play with the new robot
toy so let's open it and play with it I
go first no dude I want to go first no I
want to go first yeah it's my choice so
I get to go first
okay guys listen we need to buy two more
of these robots so we all can play all
right let's buy two more but this is a
hundred dollar toy Jeffy we don't have a
hundred dollars well maybe we could
raise money like we could do a car wash
or something like I could take my shirt
off and wash cars well honestly I just
want an excuse to take my shirt off yeah
guys we could wash cars and raise the
money and then we could all play with
the robots so look let's go watch some
cars guys okay
foreign
[Music]
come on let Jeffy go outside and do a
job but baby he's gonna be touching
other people's cars and he might damage
them and then it'll be my problem but
Marvin you're not gonna give him money
so let him go work for it yeah Daddy I'm
a working man okay fine Jeffy you can go
wash cars but if you damage anyone's car
it's your responsibility I don't know
what responsibility means but got it
buddy oh this is a bad idea
who's at the door hello hey Marvin I'm
here for your house payment oh Goodman
uh well you see I don't have my house
payment this month you know what this is
Marvin a banana
why why are you peeling a banana because
this banana represents your wiener and
if you don't have your house payment by
the end of the day today this is what
I'm gonna do to your wiener
what I'm gonna cut it off Marvin I'm
gonna cut off your wiener oh okay okay
look I will get the house payment by the
end of the day well now I'm going to
come inside and use your bathroom and
clog your toilet oh guys look a
Lamborghini let's wash this car but you
need this guy didn't ask us to clean his
car I know Cody but if we wash it and do
a really good job the guy will come out
and go damn you clean my car really good
here's a thousand bucks Junior I don't
think forcing people to pay us for stuff
they didn't ask for is a really great
business model Cody just shut up and
wash the car and look sexy okay that I
can do junior I don't have a sponge
um go find one over I think they grow in
the grass or something now where can I
find a sponge at oh now I'm talking
sponge
don't forget to wash the grill Cody okay
I'm gonna check on Jeffy and see how
he's doing
Jeffy what are you doing I'm doing brain
Junior I'm washing it so good that the
paint's coming off squeaky clean that's
a brick hell
you know like the song she's a brick
house
look Jeffy you can't wash it with a
brick stop it Cody come here what's
wrong Junior look whoa that that is a
problem how'd that even happen this is
the only sponging I could find you used
a brick house so we damaged the car Cody
Junior the guy's not gonna pay us a
thousand dollars for this so what do we
do oh okay I have an idea I say we get
out of here Cody come back come on keep
washing it or not no except we have to
go come on oh Marvin I clogged your
toilet bad here smell my fingers oh god
oh it wasn't smell like that because
when I was wiping my finger broke
through the toilet paper and went in my
ass crack so that's what you just
smelled oh why didn't you wash your
hands because you don't have any soap so
maybe tonight after you give me your
house payment you invest into so okay
just I know just come back later all
right I'll be back tonight if you don't
have your house payment you know what
will happen to your banana what about
banana bananas listen baby you don't
want to know what the hell why is there
soap on my car did someone try washing
my car and they didn't even finish
what the [ __ ] did someone try washing my
car with a brick
daddy watching car is hard why what
happened because there's so many
different types of sponges I don't know
which one to use I get confused what are
you talking about
hold on hello you pull your pants down
it's coming off what are you gonna head
to the end of the day not anymore not
after what you did to my car what I do
to your car come here this I didn't do
that I knew you didn't do it but your
son did how do you know he did it
because he left me a Bill Car Wash Bill
$1,000 owed to Jeffy well I I it wasn't
me who did it I don't give a [ __ ] you
got to get me your house payment and the
money to fix my car by the end of the
day or you know what happened to the
banana oh oh okay I'll try again
you damn it's good it's gone by washing
it but why would you do that today
I told you sponges are hard no they're
not hard Jeffy they're supposed to be
soft and Squishy and they wash things
wow was I supposed to know that Jeffy
you owe me five thousand dollars by
tonight or get out of the house Marvin
that's not a realistic amount of money
Jeffy can get to you by tonight oh Mommy
I understand I screwed up big time yes
you did Mister now you go get me that
money now all right Daddy I'll get you
that money even if I have to swing leg
go we're washing cars was a bad idea I
can't believe Jeffy used a brick wait
Jeffy used a brick wait Joseph why were
you outside washing cars with us because
I don't do many labor dude my people
suffered enough I'm enjoying my freedom
so Cody how are we gonna get a hundred
dollars to buy more robots Junior I
don't think we should try to raise any
more money we've done enough damage hey
guys my daddy said I need to raise five
thousand dollars is mine tonight or he's
gonna kick me out of the house but
that's not even possible Cody did you
not hear what Jeffy just said if he
doesn't get five thousand dollars by
tonight he's gonna be homeless well
Junior that's not possible and also he
damaged that car I mean it's not our
problem we were trying to wash it but
Cody friends stick together we got to
help our friends yeah
so we have to help Jeffy get the five
thousand dollars well how are we gonna
do that Junior
um hold on let me think I'm gonna be
like Jimmy Neutron think
think think who's at the door ruining my
brain blast come on coders answer the
door hello hi Junior do you want to buy
some Girl Scout cookies we have Smart a
mint cookie no Penelope we don't want to
buy stupid dumb girl scout cookies we
need money ourselves We're not gonna
waste it on cookies damn Junior you
could have just said no well actually I
will take some of those mint cookies oh
thanks Cody eat your mint cookies stink
breath bye that was rude Cody why would
you buy cookies well I'm sorry but now
my feelings are hurt Cody if you have
money for cookies why did you give it
for Jeff he needs five thousand dollars
it was only ten dollars Junior Cody oh
my God we need money wait a minute
buying those cookies just gave me an
idea oh yeah we should we should beat up
those girls for the money no I thought
you were gonna say we should sell
cookies what no selling cookies is hard
beating up girls is easy Chris Brown
does it Brown doesn't beat people up for
money he doesn't no then why'd you do it
because he's an [ __ ] oh so you're
saying we should sell Girl Scout cookies
yes that would be much easier all right
let's go tell the other guys guys guys
me and Cody found the fastest way to
make five thousand dollars well I
wouldn't say it's the fastest way to
make five thousand dollars me and Cody
found the best way to make five thousand
dollars I definitely wouldn't say it's
the best way either we found a way to
make five thousand dollars over time yes
all right guys so we're at the door and
these Girl Scouts showed up and said you
want to buy some cookies and Cody gave
them ten dollars for no reason well I
did get cookies so guys I was thinking
we could sell cookies and we could make
five thousand dollars that's a good idea
Junior yeah that's a dope idea dude
Junior We're not gonna make five
thousand dollars just from selling
cookies and we have to do it today well
Cody we're gonna sell this one box of
cookies for five thousand dollars Junior
that's insane No One's Gonna Pay five
thousand dollars for a box of cookies
yes they will if we tell them that
there's a possibility that there's ten
thousand dollars inside it they'll pay
five thousand for it that's a pretty big
gamble Junior I don't think anyone's
gonna do that yes they will because if
we tell them there's ten thousand
dollars in that box they're gonna say
hmm I could double my money if I give
them five thousand dollars okay Junior I
want you to think about this first we
have to find somebody who has five
thousand dollars in cash on them which
is pretty rare in this economy and they
also have to be dumb enough to pay five
thousand dollars for a box of cookies
Cody anything's possible we landed on
the moon we're humans we have thumbs if
caterpillars were trying to do this I
would say it's impossible but we can
make it happen I I will agree with you
that caterpillars couldn't do this all
right so guys we have to find some Girl
Scout outfits no I actually have some
from role playing with Ken okay so you
go get those outfits someone's gonna
believe there's ten thousand dollars in
that box wait there's ten thousand
dollars in that box dude see Cody
someone will believe it let's go guys
okay
okay guys this is the first house and I
feel like we're gonna get the five
thousand dollars
hello hey we're trying to sell Girl
Scout cookies but you guys aren't girls
uh oh I forgot anybody can be a girl
these days yeah I'd love some Girl Scout
cookies well all we have is the mint
cookie flavor oh it's great that's my
favorite kind uh what's it like 10 bucks
hold on do you have change for a hundred
uh yeah we have change for a hundred
okay take this
one wait where is he going with my money
oh he's going to go get changed from the
car I don't see a car oh it's parked way
down the street uh oh okay yeah but
while we while we wait I have an amazing
opportunity for you sir okay I'd like to
hear it what if I told you that there's
ten thousand dollars in this box of
cookies I wouldn't believe you well if
you give us five thousand dollars you'll
have a chance to open up this box to see
if there's ten thousand dollars in it
yeah I'm not gonna do that that sounds
like a terrible deal well do you have
five thousand dollars anywhere in the
house no no I don't think I do oh that's
it is that kid gonna come back with my
money hey you bastards get back here
[ __ ] honey [ __ ] what's wrong boydy well
these kids came to the door dressed like
Girl Scouts and they scam me out of a
hundred dollars I should have known
something was fishy when they weren't
girls oh boy you know it's will be kids
no honey they committed a felony well
did you at least get the cookies no God
I'm so I'm so pissed
well guys we got a hundred dollars yeah
we just need 4 900 to go well we only
have to go to 49 more houses Cody well
yeah and we have to hope that everybody
gives us a hundred dollars and asks for
change and then we run off every time
stop being a Negative Nancy Cody that's
my mommy's name Willy dude you got a
hundred bucks sick wait Joseph why
weren't you trying to sell cookies with
us because I told you
well technically guys we did get the
hundred dollars we needed to buy more
robots I mean yeah that's true we could
just buy more robots I mean it's up to
you Jeffy do you want to buy the robots
or go to 49 more houses hmm
okay guys let's fight with our robots
yeah we're two bad [ __ ] but you know
match for my boss all right guys let's
fight go
I can't get your ass
Marvin why are you biting your nails
because I'm worried that jeffy's not
gonna get the money in time so you don't
have the money oh good man good thing I
brought the scissors what are the
scissors for oh he didn't tell you oh
poopy banana me hey what's up do you
mind peeling that banana for me Poopy oh
yeah sure whoa what's the banana for oh
you'll see the banana represents
Marvin's wiener oh it's not that big and
since he doesn't have my house payment
graphic I know hey you gonna finish this
banana no baby you can have it oh thank
you so you guys watching the video just
know every time you are watching a video
poobie is behind the couch eating a
banana so go ahead and like the video
for every like that you give us that's
another banana for poopy so Marvin since
you don't have my money whip it out
oh Jeffy might have the money let me go
check
oh hey Jeffy where's my money oh I gave
up on now we're playing with robots oh
Jeffy you owe me five thousand come on
okay Goodman look it's jeffy's fault
he's the one that destroyed your car so
if anyone should get their banana sniff
it's him Marvin baby my wiener it's not
like we use it well Marvin I have a
special punishment for Jeffy come with
me
is this your car yep is this the brick
that you use to wash my car wash long it
well I'm gonna wash your car
don't you ever ever touch my car again
oh Marvin what do you think he's doing
to Jeffy I don't know baby but I'm
worried about my wiener I don't want it
to get snipped off his scissors baby
hide the scissors oh okay
okay all right Marvin I just punished
Jeffy I threw a brick at his car now
we're even now for you young man you
didn't pay your house payment so now I'm
gonna snip off your wiener wait a minute
where are my winter snipping scissors I
left them right here uh I don't I don't
know I haven't seen them well I can't
sniff wieners without my wiener snipping
scissors and I can't just use a regular
pair of scissors darn Marvin I guess
it's your lucky day I guess I'm just
gonna have to punch you in the dick
instead
oh my God and you bet your dick I'm
gonna order me a new pair of wiener
snipping scissors and then next month
when you don't have your house payment
I'm gonna snip your wing or clean off
your body you know what better yet I'm
gonna snip it long way so it looks like
a snake tongue oh well I guess is the
best outcome that could have happened
today
[Music]