so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know wait Cody why do you have a
half gallon of orange juice and who's
that oh he's from the Guinness Book of
World Records because I'm trying to
break the world record for most orange
juice drink in a week so we used to
watch me drink all this orange juice to
make sure I break the record just ignore
him guys guys we're about to be super
rich on fortnite look at all the V bucks
I stole whoa Joseph that's like 300 000
v-bucks I know dude I got it from the
gift card section at Target no one was
watching I just grabbed it and ran out
wait Joseph you said you stole those a
duh well guys they're not gonna work
unless you buy them what huh well they
don't activate the cards unless you buy
them so those are useless that's
probably why they didn't try to stop you
Joseph well he still stole a bunch of
cardboard yeah that's a whole lot of
cardboard dude well yeah it is but it's
only worth like a penny each that has to
be like 35 right yeah and we can use
them as long
as books could do that
I'll find them I wish I had a lot of V
bucks dude he had to ruin it well do you
have a lot of money no well then we're
not gonna get a lot of v-bucks I wish I
had a job I wish I was a girl so I can
have an only fans account yeah girls
have it so easy all I have to do is take
a picture of their feet and they get
v-bucks yeah oh we could try streaming
people usually donate money to people
who stream video games I mean we could
live stream much playing video games
like we could literally live stream
playing fortnite and get more money for
fortnite dude they only donate to hot
girls in hot tubs well I can dress up
like a hot girl and stream me playing
fortnite oh my God yeah Debbie you could
dress up like a hot girl and play
fortnite and we get all the v-bucks from
all the donations yeah all right Jeffy
you go to the place you dress up like a
girl and I'll set up the streaming stuff
all right
I took a sip all right Jeff I have
everything plugged in have your
microphone plugged in I have fortnite on
the TV I have OBS started and the
webcams on you ready to live stream yeah
Junior let's get this party started and
let's make some cash all right let me
start the live stream and we're live all
right Jeffy tell us about the mic P yeah
it works dude we don't have any viewers
Jeffy do something to get viewers oh
yeah the cans
oh my God we got 15 viewers that's what
I'm talking about oh how about a little
titty ASMR
oh my God they're loving it we get
comments too we're getting comments
what's the guy in the background
drinking your mom's you're in Sample how
about that she should drink more water
I'm trying to break this record oh he's
trying to break the record for most
orange juice drink in a week oh they
want to know if you can charge it count
well uh this is my sister Jessica she'll
do anything for money oh well what they
said I bet it's bubble gum pink what's
that oh he must be talking about the
controller dude it's white yeah it's
white yeah this guy said for ten
thousand dollars if Jenny gets a win
he'll donate ten thousand dollars oh
that's easy it's so easy I'll even do it
with my tips
oh yeah this is too easy I got one kill
in there 62 people left only 62 people
left oh dude this is an easy dub oh yeah
too easy so easy that I'm grittying on
these hoes yeah gritty on them gritty on
them well damn dude
show me the slots
the ducky guy he's boxing well he can
eat jeffy's nuts uh Jessica you're a
girl remember oh well he can eat this
roast beef sandwich oh dude we just lost
ten thousand dollars I can't believe we
lost ten thousand dollars wait a minute
the guy said he'll give us one more
chance to earn ten thousand dollars okay
I won't mess it up this time yeah you
don't gritty at all just focus on the
game okay all right wait Cody where's
where's the orange juice guy oh he went
to the bathroom I have to wait for him
to get back why don't you just pour out
the orange juice and say you drink it I
guess I could do that
never mind look I wasn't
gonna break this record
all right Jeffy play all right Junior
I'm just gonna Bush Camp the whole game
yeah there's no way anyone ever find you
in that bush
I don't know how did he know it's the
same guy from last game it's the exact
same guy who killed you last round Jeffy
horse pull [ __ ] oh my God we just lost
ten thousand dollars yeah and I'm at
orange juice I gotta go get some more
guys what
oh what that little drip oh hop off my
pecker dog damn all right fine I'll
drink it
you happy now I'm gonna go get more
orange juice he said he's gonna give us
another try he said he'll give us
another try to get ten thousand dollars
if you get a win on the next round but
only one more chance okay I'll try not
to mess it up again let me grab a
controller guys I'm gonna do it this
time enjoy me and one other person you
got this Jeffy you can pull it off dude
he's right there he's right there I'm
shooting him
oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] oh oh it's right there
Junior
it's the same ducky guy how does he keep
finding me wait wait a minute his
username matches the guy in the chat who
said he's gonna give us ten thousand
dollars dude he stream sniping us what's
stream sniping stream sniping is when
somebody watches your stream and then
they use that to find you in the game
and then kill you over and over again oh
yeah I got more orange juice so I'm back
wait so he streams not because do you
think he was ever gonna give us the
money no he's been finessing us the
whole time we should find him and kill
him yes that's a good idea who are you
hey Karen Karen check this out I keep
lying to these kids and telling them
I'll give them ten thousand dollars if
they win in fortnite and then I use the
stream to see where they are in the game
and then I snipe them
very nice yeah we'll tell the kids to
get good well isn't that cheating
because you because you're there at in
the game yeah well if you ain't cheating
you ain't trying pointy cheetahs never
prosper
tell that to my win-loss ratio pointy
why don't you
but I don't want to look at you Karen I
want to look at fortnite go do your
makeup or alphabetize your tampons or
something so Junior how are we gonna
find out where's the scream sniper well
I just called an expert that hopefully
can track his IP address and give us his
address hey there there's somebody
called big shirts computer repairs yeah
there's this guy that kept killing us in
the video game and we want you to trace
his IP address so we can go to his house
and hurt him
[Music]
I want to find out once I'm inside
oh yep I'm in I'm inside there's his
address wow you're so quick yeah you're
not the first time I've been killed with
that before all right guys we have his
address what are we gonna do to him we
go to his house and we snipe him yeah
that's a really good idea all right guys
let's go snipe him at his house you
coming Cody uh no I'm just gonna stay
here with my orange juice okay
nothing I'm by myself come on and not
your feet peel feet call me Daddy I can
see you yeah do you want to watch it
with me
I made those little kids cry I'm gonna
sit back and watch the Miami Heat game
we're playing against the Detroit
Pistons they call them that because they
piss a ton in their diapers when they're
playing Jimmy because they're scared
Barney I didn't know babies could play
basketball yeah and they all play for
the Detroit Pistons that's why they've
lost 62 games this season and it's about
to be 63 because of Jimmy that's a lot
of losses Boyne yeah Jimmy would never
Jimmy could never did you check them
today
oh I hate you so much is that a no no I
did not check the mail today Karen
Karen there's no way you get 12
fascinating issues of zoo books for the
low low price of 1995 that's a scam well
can you just look why don't you just go
look I want to watch the game because
it's dark out
check the mail check the mail [ __ ] let
me see
I think there's anything in here let me
get in and check all right Jackie look
he's outside he's checking his mail I
got him in my size Junior I'm about to
blow his tits off nope no mail no Zoo
books just a big old waste of my time ow
Jimmy you got him shoot him again call
me Lee Harvey Oswald was that a Nerf
bullet where the hell did that come from
ow
one more time I'm in a JFK's ass hey I
see you kids knock it off
okay that is it I'm going back in my
house so how are you gonna shoot me then
huh oh man he's going inside I have a
plan come on
do you see any Zoo books I don't see any
Zoo books Winnie why are you so fresh
well when I was checking the mail these
kids outside kept sniping me with a Nerf
gun well weren't you sniping kids in
your game earlier well yeah but it was
funny because I was doing it well now
it's funny because they're doing it calm
as a [ __ ] I didn't know your name was
Karma hey what now who Could That Be
boyny go answer the door why don't you
answer the door because I'm afraid
my friend does and what and what is your
book it's not gonna be a damn Zoo books
they're not going to deliver them at
night are they Afraid of the Dark too
yes
what if it's the neighbors that need a
cup of sugar nobody even does that
anymore Karen
I just want to watch the game
hello
screw you kids oh God I hate kids I hate
kids so much I want to take all the kids
in the world and put them in a big old
football stadium and then blow it up
really don't say that oh no I mean it I
mean it Karen next can I see him
punching him right in the face hey Dad
oh hey my kid I would never put you in a
big football stadium and then blow it up
thanks Dad oh I have a great idea why
don't we all go out to dinner oh that's
a great idea Karen I have an idea how
about you and Penelope go get dinner and
I stay here and watch the Heat fine
boiney come on Penelope oh I'm happy oh
this is what happiness looks like this
is my happy face and unpause the TV
and unpause the TV
and unpause the TV okay the TV's Frozen
my ass I have leukemiades in my ass
actually you know what that's fine I
already know Miami's gonna win I don't
even need to watch it I'll just go to
bed early so I don't have to touch Karen
when she gets home time to hit the hay
time to get some shut eye time to catch
some z's time to count some sheep time
to watch the Miami Heat game on my phone
oh Miami's winning of course they are
because of Jimmy Go Jimmy
oh Jimmy the things I would do to you if
I was a woman damn it you
what what why does the window open
I sure learned his lesson
oh you only got the message yeah he
won't be sniping nice anymore
okay why are you
why you think I have some kind of
vitamin C poisoning from drinking all
that art orange juice well did you break
the record no I only have one little
drop left before I break the record well
here you go
don't give it to me I don't want to die
I think I already have some kind of
vitamin C paralysis Cody just drink this
last step and break the record then I'll
call a doctor no Junior call the doctor
right now oh okay fine I'll call it
doctor hey there somebody call a doctor
oh hell no it's you kids you guys are
the ones that were sniping me earlier
I'm not helping you well you were
sniping Us in fortnite yeah that's a
video game not in real life while I'm
trying to watch the heat well listen our
friend's orange and we just need your
help why are you orange I was trying to
break the world record for most orange
juice drink in a week oh hell no that's
my record I'm not helping
wait Simmons
Simmons second one drop oh no no I'm not
helping you guys I hope you die Jeffy
sit on him wait no no get off me get off
me all right we're gonna make you watch
Cody break your record but no no
message don't take don't take this from
me and all I have left no
hey I did it I win no
no guys the Miami Heat won oh well I
guess today's not so bad
[Music]