so guys what do you want to do today how
about we play some fortnite no way dude
the new fortnite is ass and I'm talking
dog ass like sniff your own ass ass okay
Joseph we won't play fortnite thank you
let me know when they bring the OG
fortnite back cuz they doing too damn
much well I don't really know any other
fun games we can play guys guys guys
yeah what's wrong Cody the Grand Theft
A6 trailer came out today no way no they
lying let me see it let me see it okay
have you seen it no I was waiting to
watch it with you guys well press play
yeah press it wo look at those Graphics
it's in Miami dude look at that girl
shaking her ass look at those guys wait
wait do you think it's going to come out
before Christmas it has to dude it has
to yeah of course Junior they made us
wait 10 years they're not going to
release a trailer and then make us wait
even more oh there's a release thing
right there
2025 bro no way damn dog them shit's
serious yeah them shit's serious bro
this is brazy they made us wait 10 years
and they're asking for two more what
have they been doing sitting on their
fat lazy asses I'm going to go to
Rockstar right now and get the
game 12 years huh when Grand Theft Auto
5 came out I was five now I'm going to
be 18 when this comes out I won't even
need an adult to buy the game what do
you think it's going to be worth it well
the graphics look nice and there's an
alligator and a gas station if they
needed 12 years to make a stupid game it
better be the whole world not just
Florida Universe
[Music]
dude sir sir wake up hey what's up last
month's revenue from GTA 5 online just
came in it's $75 million again goody my
favorite time of month you know I don't
know why they think they're ever going
to get GTA 6 when they keep giving us
this much money every month just from
playing the old one online all right now
scram leave me alone with my
money Hey sir so great news the fans are
really loving the fake GTA 6 trailer
that I made in fact I can't believe they
bought it yeah good job you know we had
to give those animals something but
there are some bad news they aren't very
happy about the 2025 release date [ __ ]
them who cares they're still playing the
last one we're making $75 million a
month I just think it would be in our
best interest to maybe actually start
working on the GTA 6 game oh yeah really
you think so H okay I'll tell you what
how about you get started working on
that one take your time I mean you got
two years dog even even if you don't
finish it in 2 years just we'll push the
release State back and give him like a
million ingame bucks or something well I
count my 75 million real life
bucks sir you can't go in there hey I
need to talk to you Susan why is there a
kid in a helmet yelling at me during my
money bath you know I don't like people
yelling at me during my money bath Susan
I don't know sir he just barged in I'm
not waiting till 2025 for GTA 6 I want
it right now oh you want GTA 6 of course
why didn't you say so you know I
actually have a copy right under here
just for you there you go there it is
how about you play it buddy I'm going to
kick your ass oh I'm so scared money
protect me Susan get security to get his
ass out of here come here come on big
guy I know 2025 is [ __ ] but you got
to go
bye-bye
money so what do you guys want to do now
we could play GTA 5 I don't want to play
a 10-year-old game Cody oh even hearing
that pisses me off 10 years old they
could make the great well of China
faster no they couldn't Junior that took
2,000 years it's it's going to take
2,000 years for them to make GTA 7 oh
don't even mention GTA 7 we're going to
be dead by then maybe our great great
grandkids can play it no not even them
hey guys hey what' Rockstar say they
kick me out yeah I thought they might do
that guys I have the perfect idea to get
GTA 6 within a few weeks how we asked
Santa Claus to make us GTA 6 cuz his
elves can make anything dude that's a
genius idea it might actually work yeah
that could work I could call Santa Claus
you have Santa Claus's number yeah you
don't know my squad me and Santa Claus
run zombies with the Easter Bunny what's
Santa Claus's username on PS5 a dick you
down what's the Easter Bunny's username
hop hop on your [ __ ] ass I'm going to
add him well yeah call Santa Claus okay
okay Junior it's
ringing hey Cody you're ready to play
some zombies no not right now Nicholas I
actually have a favor to ask you oh
anything for you buddy well all I really
want for Christmas is GTA 6
o no what's wrong your elves can't make
that oh no my elves can make anything
it's just that that game's rated in for
mature and you're not quite 17 yet what
the hell are you talking about Santa
Claus we play Call of Duty together
that's right it am yeah but I didn't get
you that game now did
I okay well my friend jeffy's 19 and he
wants the game
too you know that Jeffrey's on the
naughty list he gets coold oh [ __ ] you
Nicholas stop saying ho ho
ho I'm going to kick Santa Claus's ass
sorry Junior he's not going to do it
well I got another idea Cody you know
how to make time machines so why don't
you make us a time machine and we go to
the Future to 2025 so we can play the
game you know what Junior I'm taking my
sad eyes off cuz that's a good idea I'm
going to go make it yeah guys let's take
our eyelids off yeah okay guys I made
the go go go go to the Future machine wa
what's it do junior don't start this
[ __ ] you know what it does you told me
to build it it really takes us to the
Future yes but that's all it can do it
can't go back time only to the Future so
there might be problems what problems
could there be well once we go to the
future we can't come back why would we
want to come back to 2023 there's no GTA
6 here well maybe some of our family
members die in the next 2 years who
needs family members if you have GTA 6
yeah they come and go anyway dude yeah I
guess you're right so what do we do just
cram in there hey I can't fit wait Jeffy
can't fit oh man oh well I guess one of
us is going to have to stay behind and
wait the 2 years I'm not waiting 2 years
yeah me either dude cold day in Hell
before I wait 2 years I'm not not
waiting either okay so Jeffy has to go
cuz he's the only reason we get views
yeah I guess you're right but I I got to
go too dude I'm the only black person
here Joseph is Right black lives matter
so Joseph has to go too so Cody either
me or you have to stay behind well I
made the machine well I don't want to
not see GTA 6 I want to play it well I'm
not waiting two years okay hold on how
about only people whose Nam start with
Jay get to go so Joseph goes Junior goes
and Jeffy goes what no that's not fair
because my middle name is jacobe jacobe
yes my full name is Cody jacobe nutkiss
yeah I've never heard of that well you
just never asked before okay think of
something else what else can we do how
about whoever can say pie the longest
gets to go you're wrong p no that's
that's not what I meant by pie no Junior
not that kind of pie
[Music]
Junior I said Pi for like 10 seconds
dude that's a record yeah you didn't say
Pi at all so you lose Cody Junior that's
not what I was talking about I was
talking about the number pie the number
pie okay count the pie 1 2 3 4 4 5 6 7 8
I haven't heard pie yet 9 10 11 no
Junior it's a special number for circles
3.14 you didn't say to say what number
you preheat the oven to make a pie you
said the number pie whatever get get no
no guys guys don't leave me here you
didn't say pie but guys this is [ __ ]
I built a machine no no
no no I wanted to go to the Future and
play GTA
6 guys we're in December 2025 there they
are officer wow the missing kids I guess
you were telling the truth Cody what's
going on well Junior I've been in prison
for the last 2 years because everybody
thought I killed you guys see when you
guys went missing nobody believed me
that I sent you to the Future in a go go
go go to the Future machine and I
thought I murdered you but I told the
officer if we come here at this exact
time you guys would be here and you are
yeah officer he didn't kill us we were
in this time machine well I guess you're
free to go then thank you so Cody how's
GTA 6 I wouldn't know it's not out yet
and also I've been in prison for 2 years
what do you mean is not out yet well
they moved the release date back to 2028
cuz they said nobody was ready yet 2028
NE I don't want to wait that long you
didn't have to wait at all it was like 1
second for you I've been in prison for 2
years well what else has happened the
last 2 years well the rock is president
now but Dwayne The Rock Johnson is
President yeah Kevin Harts is Vice
President the whole thing's basically a
movie they've been filming all of it and
they're just going to release the whole
thing as one big foure long movie has
there been any celebrity deaths well the
rock did have Vin Diesel publicly
executed why well after fast X part 2
came out he announced they were going to
make fast X part two to fast X Too
Furious too serious dot dot dot a little
curious and everybody got tired of that
and we just shot him oh what about
sports dude well LeBron James has won
back-to-back championships wait for the
Lakers no for the Las Vegas Aces he's in
the WNBA now he's transgender a man
LeBron's a girl now who would have
thought he Swit team again yeah he's
been averaging 100 points a game he's
got that LE busy so who's won the Super
Bowl the last two years the Miami
Dolphins both times oh that's kind of
cool all right guys let's go to 2028
well can I come this time there's not
enough room Cody well I don't want to
wait another 3 years well weren't you in
prison you had fun no I didn't prison
sucked although my cellmate was a top
and he was hung like a donkey so it
wasn't all bad oh well go have fun with
him wait guys instead of going to 2028
we should go to the year 2030 that gives
time for the game to come out in 2028
and Grand Theft Auto online to be out
already oh dude that's a smart idea wa
you guys are going to make me wait
another 5 years come on Cody take one
for the team come on guys 2030 God damn
it so oh guys what you want to do today
ooh I was thinking that maybe we do our
homework but I think we do our nail
today no we do our nail yesterday we do
our homework today yeah we do our
homework today the
[ __ ] guys we're in 2030 holy [ __ ] Guy
come out the microwave Cody who's your
Asian friend oh hey guys yeah these are
my friends now see in The Last 5 Years
China invaded America and they won so
we're all Chinese now ooh guys we're
sing the ch NE national anthem
pinging
pinging pinging pinging pong ping ping
pinging ping pong pinging pinging
pinging
pinging it's just a Star Spangled Banner
in a very racist Chinese accent can you
tell him to leave yeah hey hey hey guys
guys could you take that to the please
Oh you mean the ribbing room yeah we go
to the king yeah thanks so Cody how's
Grand Theft Auto 6 it's still not out
now they're saying 2050 2050 that's in
20 more years I know but when China
invaded all the computers got destroyed
so now they're saying it's going to take
at least till 2050 to finish it okay you
know what guys we're going to
2050 guys guys you have to take me along
no please don't leave me here
again guys we're in 2050 H Cody why you
wearing this Sombrero well Junior in
World War I Mexico beat China so now
everything is Mexico why do you have
gray hair well the years have not been
kind to me I've been through two world
wars fought in both actually oh well
where's GRE the Auto 6 guess what Junior
it's still not out yet it's still not
out yet it's 20150 I know they're saying
it could come out at any minute dud the
news breaking news Okay graro 6 will be
released later today and we have a
message from the CEO hello my fellow
Mexican it is I the CEO of Rockstar
Games now I know what you're thinking
why haven't I aged in the last 40 years
well that's because I've spent all my
money on stem cell research to slow my
aging process I know you were wondering
about that but the reason we're all here
Grand Theft Auto 6 is finally coming out
after 40 years I know it's very exciting
but guess what you don't just get to buy
the game once oh no no no no no it's
going to be a monthly subscription
you're going to have to pay $100 a month
month just for the standard edition base
game if you want guns in the game that's
going to be another $200 a month oh and
it gets even better you can't buy a
physical copy no we don't want you
sharing it no no no you're going to have
to buy the digital version and it gets
even better see you can't buy this game
on PlayStation 9 or Xbox series
xxxxxxx no you can only play our game on
our personal console we made the Grand
Theft Auto 6 box which guess what is
also a mon L subscription you're going
to have to pay $1,000 a month for it go
buy it [ __ ] [ __ ] what we waited 40
years for that you didn't wait at all
this is [ __ ]
[Music]
[ __ ]