guys it's January 1st 2023 man I can't
believe we're already in a new year so
guys what's your New Year's resolutions
what you know New Year's resolutions
like the thing you want to change about
yourself in the new year I don't need to
change anything about myself I'm perfect
yeah me too dude well my New Year's
resolution is that I want to learn a new
skill like I want to learn how to cook
or speak another language Cody you
already have a skill and that's growing
pimples on your face you're a pimple
farmer okay Junior maybe you're New
Year's resolution is that you stop
bullying me oo I I don't think I could
do that dude that's going to be
difficult come on Junior at least by
okay fine my New Year's resolution is I
won't bully you Cody for a whole year
okay good oh hold on my phone's ringing
but what Junior you have a problem with
my ringtone no that's a completely
normal ringtone no the hell it's not
dude okay I'm going to answer it hello
Mama Bear hello Cody how's my little
piggy doing oink oink oink oink oink
your little Piggy's doing just fine I'm
hanging out with my frenzy onesies right
now oh dude he's not making it easy for
your ass okay Cody I was just calling to
remind you to change your diapers in
case you make Titi in your pants oh
don't worry Mom I won't my diapers are a
ttree Zone never mind little piggy just
made a muddy mess in his diapy wipy Cody
that's a bad little piggy put the phone
up to your tushy so I can spank it okay
Mom thank you mother okay Cody now just
get home by 9:00 so I can give you your
suppository pills oh my favorite okay
Cody bye I love you now I love you now I
love you I love you more now I love you
more now I love you more just hang up
Cody no you hang up no you hang up no
you hang up she hung up that means I
love her
more dude you're not going to last a
year just give up please Junior you
making fun of me no no I I laugh cuz uh
Joseph Joseph told me a knock knock joke
yep yep knock knock who's there I don't
know
who that's what it was about not about
your call doesn't seem that funny to me
but no it's the inside J you had to be
there okay um anyway U Joseph what is uh
what's your New Year's resolution oh man
dude I think I want to be rich like a
billionaire Rich well shouldn't it be
something more realistic well it's not
realistic for a black man to be rich in
America huh no that's not what I meant I
just meant like we're kids well what
LeBron was the kid once yeah he was a
kid and now he's a billionaire yeah yeah
but he got rich after he was a kid no he
he was playing basketball as a kid and
then he played basketball as an adult he
was both doing basketball things well I
mean I don't doubt that but you know
what Joseph yeah okay you can do it I
believe in you yeah you better believe
in Watch Me Be A Millionaire billionaire
yeah Joseph's going to go try to be rich
so what's your skill going to be Cody oh
well I really want to stop peeing my
pants but what nothing keep going I I I
think I'll just learn how to cook oh
that sounds fun so do you want to help
me why would I want to help you learn
how to cook that's so gay Junior yeah
I'll I'll come help you learn how to
cook thank
you kill me okay Junior let's do this I
hope Chef peip is okay with us using his
kitchen Chef peipi doesn't mind he loves
when people use his kitchen okay good so
what do you have in the fridge to cook
with uh let me go
check okay there's eggs and baloney oh
okay I think I can make an omelet with
that uh let me just get an egg here I
just got to crack it on the pant oh oh
oh oh Cody yeah I dropped it oh just
scoop it up no no just get another egg
it's not that bad but what a waste of an
egg yeah it's okay it's okay uh uh get
in the pant that's yeah yeah that's
that's yeah that's what it's supposed to
look like yeah that's okay okay so just
uh slap some balone on this [ __ ] let's
see here okay ah there you go that's it
doesn't look like an omelette Cody yeah
you're right oh I need cheese do you
have cheese oh let me check we have
string cheese okay great just throw it
in there that's that's good that's good
okay I think I just need to flip it with
my spatula here I think I can probably
oh oh oh wow Cody yeah sorry I dropped
it I dropped it and while we're down
here you might as well scoop up that egg
no I mean I I guess I'll try yeah scoop
that up just put it oh je what happened
what happened I don't know what did I do
what are we doing what are we doing
cooking's hard just run just run run run
run man I can't wait to start on dinner
wait what the hell I woke out to the
kitchen 5 minutes and this
shits
ji okay okay I don't really think
cooking is my thing I hope chefi doesn't
notice the mess in the kitchen oh God we
left the fire down there I hope somebody
put it out junor who the hell started a
fire in my kitchen it was Cody was Cody
it was Cody I I yeah it was me why are
you even cooking in my kitchen Cody I
was trying to learn how to make an
omelet well look I am the chef dumbass
you don't know how to cook I do okay so
look if you needed to learn how to cook
you could have just came to me I I don't
think I want to cook anymore yeah leave
it to the real chefs the real
professionals idiot so Cody what's your
skill going to be now for your New
Year's resolution I don't know maybe
I'll learn how to sew like I can make
sweaters and stuff that's so
good that's so good that's such a good
skill to learn you should do that yeah I
agree I'll go get a sewing kit what is
he 80 years old okay Junior I got a
needle and thread somehow this is going
to turn into a sweater how I don't know
maybe I like pull on it or do I poke it
h I'm going to go look up a YouTube
tutorial D do do I bet you won't believe
this but I found a way to be a
billionaire how you got to trust me
though if you give me a dollar I'll
promise I'll pay you back $2 that sounds
like a good deal right right here's a
dollar thanks dude hey Cody you want to
get in on this money oh yeah all right
if you give me a dollar I'll pay you
back $2 okay that sounds good thanks
dude hey Junior here's your $2 bro wao
you pay me back really fast yep yep yep
you can trust me bro but if you want to
make more money give me these $2 and
I'll pay you back $3 okay you did it
last time thanks dude hey Cody here's
your $2 oh thank you yeah but if you
want more money ooh give me $3 and I'll
bring you back $4 oh that'd be awesome
right right oh thanks dude hey Junior
here's your $3 bro wow you're making
money come out of nowhere it's like
magic dude I make magic work but if you
want more money give me four bucks and
I'll bring you back five okay let me get
another dollar here's the other dollar
okay thanks dude I'm going to bring back
that money what what the [ __ ] where'd he
go junior he just ran off with their
money he did a Ponzi scheme Joseph just
invented a Ponzi scheme what's the Ponzi
scheme it's exactly what he just did
it's where you get other people's money
to pay back other people and then you
just run off with the money wait you
could become a billionaire that way yeah
I guess you could but it's illegal oh
that kind of smart but also dumb yeah so
Joseph's New Year's resolution came true
Did you sew that sweater oh well I mean
I made this says happy lamaa it's like
Hanukkah but with llamas does it fit I I
don't know let me try it on yeah well
Junior I made the arm sleeves a little
too long but other than that I'd say
it's a pretty good sweater I sewed the
[ __ ] out of this sweater look at that
happy little llama he's even wearing a
yamaka a little llama yamaka a llama
Yama Yama lamaa a llama Yama Yama you
can't make fun of me llama
y okay you know what Cody um I think
today was success you know Joseph
learned how to make a lot of money you
learned how to se and I haven't bulled
you all day so we did all our New Year's
resolutions yeah but we got like 3
minutes left in this video and and we
got to pull something out of our ass so
maybe we got to see other characters's
New Year's resolutions like like the cop
like maybe we should talk to him what's
he been doing huh there's someone at the
door yeah I wonder who that could be U
I'm going to go see yeah I'll stay here
hello hey do you know him what's up dude
that's my friend Joseph yeah well I
caught him running a Ponzi scheme he
said if I gave him my 401k he'd double
it and now I'm screwed and I would have
got away with it too if it wasn't for
you pesky cops he stole some of my money
too and my friend's money if you're
arrested him why'd you bring him here
why don't you take him to jail oh he
made bail using my 401k hey so I'll see
you in court okay oh so officer before
you leave what was your New Year's
resolution oh it was to retire but now I
can't because he took my 401k so I guess
my new New Year's resolution is to work
for 40 more [ __ ] years until I die or
run a py skin shut up okay well I I'll
see you later then yeah I guess I'm just
going to go drive into oncoming traffic
with my eyes closed hopefully I die see
you in
court what you scared me sorry hey
Junior I fixed my sleeves to make him
shorter what the hell is that it's his
happy lamaa shirt yeah I I knitted it
myself and I even have a song that goes
with it listen Yama L Lama y y l l did
you not bully him by now dude it's been
really hard i' almost had a brain
aneurism trying not to uh Joseph where's
my money oh yeah the $5 if you give me5
more dollars I'll bring you back a
hundred bucks I'm not giving you any
more of my money well you obviously
don't want to be rich hey Cody oh hey
Mama Bear Junior are there any mean
things you want to say to my mom she's a
fat ugly whale Junior you said you
wouldn't bully me I'm not bullying you
I'm bullying your mom the deal is only I
won't bully you see you're perfect
you're my best friend there's nothing
wrong with you but your mom's a stinky
fat [ __ ] well okay I guess that's a
loophole so I can let it slide Cody did
you change your poopy britches uh yeah
let me smell oh no Cody those are some
very poopy pants I
know Cody what did we say about having
poopy britches to take them off and why
didn't you take off your poop poy
britches because I didn't want my
friends to know I poop my pants Cody
tell them guys I pooped my pants I'm a
stinky
boy oh he is the
stinkiest oh I'm sorry that you did that
Cody sorry he's so embarrassing but
sorry dude okay okay Cody now that you
pooped your pants you got to do the
poopy pants dance oh okay there's a
dance I poop my PS I poop my pants I'm a
stinky
boy okay
Cody okay very good Cody that was very
good let's get you home and change those
poopy pants okay guys sorry I poot my
pants had a whole dance for
poop what's wrong with him oh man Cody's
such a nerd he's a loser he's such a
loser he's such a loser I caught you you
broke your New Year's resolution junior
did we get him Cody oh we sure did Mom I
told you it'd be worth it to [ __ ] my
pants wait he actually [ __ ] his
pants I did
[Music]