so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored yeah
you guys want to start a rock band oh
yeah yeah dude I always wanted to be a
rock star yeah we'll get so many chicks
yeah and dudes no no no not that dude
yeah we'll get chicks yeah yeah and
those are dudes no no not that all right
guys look let's just dress up like rock
stars like emo punk rock stars and get
instruments and we'll make a lot of
money yeah let's get
let's get oh yeah we're ready to be rock
stars hell yeah dude I'm gonna beat
these drugs until it gets on fire Joseph
why are you talking like that because
we're rock stars dude yeah rock stars
talk like this yeah oh okay actually I
think behind the scenes we should talk
normal but in front of the ladies we
talk like this
okay all right so Joseph you're gonna be
the drummer hell yeah dude and I'll be
the lead singer and bass guitar I'll be
lead guitar and then Ken can be second
bass guitar
he's a doll he can't play an instrument
he's not breaking up and no one likes it
when the band breaks up like One
Direction yeah you're right dude yeah
nobody's better than anyone else no
matter how big and famous we get no
matter how many people love me more than
you guys you can't get upset what okay
all right so now we need a band name oh
dude three
three oh three dirty Grandpa stop sick
yeah wait but guys we're not old well
that's what's awesome we'll go out on
the stage and people expect three
grandpas to come out and then it's us
they're like oh you look good for your
age yeah we surprised the crowd wait but
why are we dirty dude because Grandpa's
don't bathe yeah you know have you ever
seen an old person shower there's a
chair in there they just sit there they
don't even take a shower they're just
sitting there yeah hold on we can't be
three dirty grandpas there's four of us
dude he's a doll
guys we said no arguing look okay we're
not doing three dirty grandpas anyone
else have a better name I think we need
a meaner sounding band name like like
lizard gut lizard guts Mr Gus is
actually nice dude yeah lizard gets with
a z that's sick okay yeah we're gonna be
lizard gut and then our logo will be
like a lizard being stepped on his gut
spraying everywhere oh I like that dude
all right so our band name is officially
lizard good
all right so what's our first song gonna
be well I actually have a song oh I got
one I got one all right guys on the
count of three three two one go
foreign
why do you like it no it sounds like a
cat getting ran over it's actually a
lizard because we're lizards
well you need to tell listen because
it's time to go out of business it
sounds horrible but but but did you hear
the lyrics about how I want mac and
cheese I'm not making you mac and cheese
just shut up with all the noise guys I
think he likes it I think we got our
first fan dude I wouldn't say he liked
it you'd say he loves it no dude stop
being a negative nasty yeah Cody no one
likes negative people if you're gonna be
sad like that girls aren't Gonna Give
You their muff muff yeah that tough muff
dude yeah that muff cabbage I don't want
muff cabbage all right guys let's do my
song from the top a one a two a one can
we do my song
come on dude yeah Cody no one wants to
hear your song about wieners it's not
about wieners at least this one's not
who do we have to yeah guys we said we
were all gonna be equal in this band
okay fine Cody we'll do your song but I
have to be lead singing what no no I'm
the lead singer the lead singer gets all
the most Junior it's not all about Ma
what are you gonna do with the Muff you
don't even use it I'll give you my mom
ooh second hand move I'll take it okay a
one a two a one two three
and I'm lonely lonely summer it's summer
and I'm lonely summer lonely it's a
lonely summer lonely summer it's summer
and I'm lonely summer days I'm so lonely
no friends try to phone me no bread just
baloney
wish someone would try the Bony
days are so damn lonely
summer
these days
[Music]
lonely
well guys what do you think pretty
bitching right I actually like you dude
thanks Joseph I thought it was crap bruh
Capital C crap bruh why it doesn't make
any sense but it doesn't make sense
about it it's summer and I'm lonely
that's the part that doesn't make sense
Cody it's December two weeks before
Christmas it should be called Lonely
winter yeah he has a point dude it is
out of season but I wrote it years ago
during the summer when I was lonely then
we will release that song during the
summer but no I want to release it now
then change it a lonely winter but no
it's not gonna sound the same it'll
sound perfect everyone will be like oh
lonely winter that's a favorite
Christmas song well it's not a Christmas
song see I don't want to have to play it
once a year like Mariah Carey but then
it'll sell every year around Christmas
will be million years around Christmas
to buy Christmas gifts no it's a Summer
Jam it's gonna be song of the summer uh
Cody how about this listen please just
re-record it with lonely winter just to
see how it sounds just to see okay fine
we'll try it a wine a two a one two
three
lonely winter it's winter and I'm lonely
lonely winter it's winter I'm lonely
winter lonely it's a lonely winter
winter long I can't do this it sounds
like crap Junior Well why'd you stop
Cody it just doesn't flow the same that
was vibing yeah it sounded great it
almost sounds like it was supposed to be
winter the whole time no no no no it's
gonna be lonely summer or nothing you
know what then fine we're not gonna do
your dumb song we're gonna do my song
about mac and cheese no that song sucks
what what yeah it sucks because it's
about Chef Pee Pee and nobody knows who
that is that's it Cody you're out of the
band what you talk crap about Chef baby
no one talked crap about my personal
chef well I I was telling the truth
nobody does know who he is no one knew
who Stacy's mom was but now everyone
knows she's got it going off Junior you
can't just threaten to kick me out of
the band for that I didn't threaten to
kick you out of the band you are out of
the band okay you know what fine maybe
I'll be more successful on my own like
Harry Styles well you know we're gonna
be like the other people in One
Direction wait wait who uh Zayn who the
[ __ ] is Zayn I don't know but that's who
I am now yeah well Harry Styles wrote a
song about strawberries or some [ __ ] so
whatever well it was actually about
watermelon and sugar sugar and spices
and everything nice okay who cares
Junior come on Ken we're gonna do lizard
guts on our own no you can't take the
lizard gut's name that's our name I came
up with the name well then fine take
your stupid dumb lizard butt's name
we're gonna have our own different band
name yeah two dirty grandpas yeah two
dirty grandpas super dirty and stinky
yeah filthy yeah don't we don't bathe a
wipe at all yeah all right Joseph let's
focus on our songs and it's better than
a stupid lonely summer winter spring
song yeah it's gonna be way better dude
come on a one a two I wonder the news
foreign
lizard guts has released a new song
called Lonely summer and it has gone
triple platinum if you haven't heard
this song you have to listen to it right
now dude Cody song is amazing it's
number one everywhere well look Cody
just got lucky because even though it's
winter time global warming is making it
hot outside so people are confused they
think it's summer I guess what's up
[ __ ] what uh oh not you I was talking
to them what are you doing here Cody I
just wanted to see if you saw my song
it's number one on the charts and it's
triple platinum it's the fastest song to
ever do that well you know your song's
cute and all but you know enjoy being
number one okay because our songs will
be number one right Joseph wait wait
what song dude the song I just wrote
right now so get ready to listen to it
Cody a one a two a one two three Cody's
mom is a fat pigs
Cody's mom is
Cody's mom is
[Music]
what'd you think about that Cody well I
like that you didn't know what a hippo
sounded like so you just said hippo well
do you know what a hippo sounds like
Cody no we'll go go talk to your mom
that's what it sounds like oh damn okay
Jenny you have fun with your little song
well that wasn't the real song that's
gonna make us famous we have a different
number one song and it's gonna blow your
mind so play it Joseph dude what song
are you talking about just play his
lonely summer beat okay dude all right a
one a two a one two three
Cody's mother is so fat and
ugly Cody's mother is so fat and
ugly fat and ugly that is Cody's mother
Cody's mother is so fat and
ugly
Cody's mother is fat and ugly
ugly her stomach is fat and Pudgy G from
eating so much baloney baloney so fat
she will crush me
so fat that is Cody's mother
she's so fat and
ugly she's
so
goddamn fat
and a green
so Cody what'd you think about my song I
think you just stole my song no your
song's about lonely summer mine's about
your mom being fat and ugly it has the
same music you just change the words I
sampled your beat and I didn't give you
permission to do that we're all a part
of lizard guts so I have every right to
use that beat Cody we're not anymore
well that I want to talk to you about
that I think we should get the band back
together oh now that I have a hit number
one song now you want to get the band
back together no it has nothing to do
with you having a number one song and a
bunch of money and a bunch of muff it
was about I think we should get the band
back together why do you think I called
you over here was to get the band back
together you didn't call me I came over
on my own oh well well before you came
over I was just about to call Cody right
Joseph yeah you had phone in hand yeah I
was about to call you and beg you to
come over to get the Bandit together
because I'm sorry and I love your song
but really you like lonely summer yeah I
love lonely summer I think it makes a
lot of sense that we released it in the
winter time and not summer at all huh oh
okay well in that case then yeah I guess
we can get the band back together and
you have to shares the royalties with
your number one song because I mean we
were all together when you thought of
that song right well yeah I mean I guess
so yeah yeah so
we're together it's lizard guts forever
[Applause]
yeah so you also have to share
the share yeah of course why do you
think I brought it yeah okay so now we
need another hit song because we're
literally guns and you just released a
hit so we have to follow it up with
another hit oh I have an idea no no I
got a song all right guys from the top
one two a one two three
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]