officer Simmons officer guy get in here
what's up Sir I'd like you two boys to
meet Enrique Enrique huh Ola Amigo can
we see El green cardo yeah show me some
papers no no no boys he's Puerto Rican
oh so he's one of us barely welcome to
the United States buddy he was born in
Alabama his parents were born in Puerto
Rico yeah I can speak English oh how
incredibly racist of us exactly and I
need you two boys to knock that offer
today Enrique here is from the show Cops
he's going to be following you around
recording everything you do today oh no
sir me and Simmons don't play by the
book yeah we say bad stuff in the car
all the time well today you don't I want
you two on your best behavior cuz the
whole world's watching can we still say
bad stuff if it's in a rap song no oh
man I guess no Kanye West people in
Paris we mostly just like to say the
title of the song specifically the first
word okay come on Eric my name's Enrique
nobody from Alabama is named Enrique hey
there I'm office of Brooklyn Guy this is
my partner Simmons hello I'm on TV hi
Mom yeah we like to patrol this
neighborhood a lot of crazy stuff
happens around here things you wouldn't
believe oh look at that a nice man
taking out the trash hey there yeah see
not everybody in this neighborhood's bad
I think we should look out for some real
crime oh look at that Simmons an
African-American man jogging now he
might be just going for a daily jog but
he might be running away cuz he just did
a crime I don't think a little stopping
for us could
hurt oh hi guys I'm Charlie and today
I'm going on my daily jog excuse me sir
stop right there oh what seems to be the
problem officers we're going to need to
stop and frisk you hands on your head
but why you see the neighborhood you're
in I know it's nice right yeah a little
too nice you got anything in your
pockets see here what what is this oh
it's a little grass weed leaves you know
I love nature I heard weed all right
you're under arrest we'll find you back
come on in you go uh officer could you
loosen my cuffs I I can't feel my rist
and there you go another criminal off
the streets cuz that's what we do here
protect and serve now I hope you enjoyed
this episode of cops oh look at that
it's our friend from earlier he's got a
ladder he's probably going to go change
a light bulb somewhere see we need more
Good Samaritans like that in this
community well let's get back to the
station was that a gunshot shot fired
shot fire we didn't P him down good
enough sh up sh up sh up sh
up breaking news okay two police
officers shot an unarmed black man while
he was handcuffed and in the back of a
top car when an acorn fell from a tree
hit the top of the car and made the
officers think that they were being shot
at by the guy they had just arrested and
put in handcuffs a goddamn Acorn guy you
couldn't tell the difference between a
gunshot and a [ __ ] Acorn it was a
very loud Acorn sir but it was still an
acorn listen sir you weren't there it
was the biggest acorn I've ever heard it
had to be like the size of a baseball
I'm pretty sure it dented the roof of my
car you know that Acorn that Scrat from
Ice Age is always going after it was
like that you you shot at a man 27 times
I helped and that's the part I don't
understand Simmons why did you start
shooting because I saw Brooklyn start
shooting and I thought he was obviously
shooting him for some reason so then I
started shooting and if he jumped off a
bridge would you do that too well it
depends do we get to shoot someone after
this is not a good look boys people
already think cops are racist wait sir
are are we not supposed to be racist no
are you sure cuz I think that was like
one of the first things in the handbook
we got a new handbook okay well nobody
told me so uh how was how is the black
man doing well luckily he survived
because somehow not one of those 27
bullets you shot at him hit him oh good
luckily I have the aim of a stormtrooper
so uh since he didn't die are we good is
everybody good no we are most certainly
not good now he's suing the department
and he wants you fired what me fired but
I'm the [ __ ] sir everybody loves me
listen guy I don't want to have to let
you go as an officer but it's not up to
me it's up to the judge usually we can
just sweep things under the rug but this
one was on National Television so go see
the judge okay everybody wish me luck
good luck
Mike order order order order I am the
honorable Judge poer and today we will
be hearing the case of Brooklyn guy
who's being accused of shooting at a
black man 27 times because he thought
the sound of an acorn hitting the roof
of his car was actually the man he just
attained shooting at
him uh Charlie could you please explain
what happened well I was going on my
daily Jog and then I got randomly
searched like always then the cops
arrested me and put me into their cop
car and then bullet start randomly
flying to the window going crazy man it
was crazy but I going to die so let me
get this straight you did not have a gun
in your possession nope no gun and my
hands were handcuffed and behind my back
I see so Mr guy please tell me how you
thought the sound of an acorn hitting
your car was you getting shot
well you see you're on our acorns and
bullets are basically the same size so
when the acorn hit the top of my cop car
it sounded like a gun going bang and
then when I saw the acorn bouncing away
it looked like a bullet shell bouncing
it's an honest mistake really no way in
hell does an acorn sound like a gunshot
oh how do you know you haven't heard it
okay well I'll tell you what I want you
to turn around and I'll shoot a gun and
drop an acorn and you tell me which one
is which okay but this is going to be
really hard they sound the same okay
which which one is this oh that that is
definitely an acorn okay now how about
this there's a shooter in the courtroom
everybody down where is that
bastard all right I've heard enough
clearly you have bad hearing and someone
with bad hearing should not be a police
officer I hereby strip you of your badge
and order that you are never to be a
police officer ever again no please your
honor I love being a cop what about
Simmons he shot too he only shot because
he saw you shoot this is all your fault
now hand over your bands go on hand it
over oh okay Marvin Marvin did you see
the news about the cop who shot at a guy
over an acorn yeah I just watched the
cops episode that cop is such an idiot
yeah what a bozo hey I'm not a bozo baby
look it's the acorn shooter Acorn
shooter is that what they're calling me
now that was
you you piece of [ __ ] hey can I have an
autograph I don't know I just feel bad
about this whole thing okay do you want
want that from Acorn shooter or a piece
of [ __ ] both okay Acorn shooter can you
make that out to my niece what's her
name Lucy to Lucy watch out for those
acorns Acorn shooter piece of [ __ ] hey
can we get a picture together okay say
cheese oh you know what to make this
even better hold on oh say acorn acorn
but like I was saying I just feel so bad
about this whole thing I feel partially
responsible but I don't understand how
you mistook a acorn hitting your car for
a gunshot hey it was a really loud Acorn
okay it must have fallen from like
35,000 ft I thought it was a meteor
slamming into the Earth like boom like I
thought it was a cannon from a pirate
ship shooting at me I thought I was
shooting at Captain Hook well listen I I
don't know what kind of punishment you
got but you deserved it well they fired
me I'm not allowed to be a cop anymore
well that's for the best well tell me
something bad about you well every time
I pee it dribbles a little bit in my
pants haha pee pants maybe you shouldn't
have to wear pants anymore huh how about
that maybe that's for the best may maybe
it's your fault that your penis leaks
how about that listen you shot at a guy
over an acorn sound well when you put it
like that it sounds worse yeah so I just
want to be a cop again well well you
don't need to be a cop you're a doctor
and a firefighter and a pilot yeah but I
want to be a cop I had so much power I
could do anything I wanted well go be a
mall cop Marvin I don't weigh 400 lb I
don't own a segue they're not going to
let me do that well then give up on
being a cop and then focus on your other
jobs no I want to be a cop and I have a
plan what is it okay so maybe if I do
something really good people will forget
about the bad thing I did so I need you
to strap a fake bomb to your chest and
then get on an American Airlines flight
and then halfway I need you to stand up
and say I'm going to blow up this plane
and then I'm going to say Oh no you're
not and then I'm going to tackle you and
say you're not going to do another 911
on my watch buddy and then I'll be a
hero and then make me a cop again but
then I would go to jail for the rest of
my life at Guantanamo Bay yeah but I'll
come visit you I'm a cop I'm not doing
that oh come on Marvin I do it for you
no you wouldn't yeah you're right but
come on please no think of something
else okay well I'm a pilot so maybe I
could fly through a bunch of birds and
then land my plane in the Hudson River
but where would I find the birds I'd
have to fly around for a while and hope
I ran into some birds low in New York
that's not going to work man he got
really lucky I bet he gets sucked off
all the time whenever he wants I want
Tom Hanks to play me in a movie well
then do something good we we got to do
the bomb thing Tom Hanks would love that
no we're not doing the bomb thing think
look there's got to be something else in
the world that's really good that would
make your name look good I don't know
just saving a plane is like the peak
American hero thing to do oh look the
news
[Music]
breaking news a murderer known as the
trash bag Strangler who goes around
strangling women and putting their
bodies in trash bags has claimed another
victim taking the death toll up to 19
police are urging women not to go
outside and if you see a man in all
black he's probably going to strangle
you and put you in a trash bag Morphin I
never want to go outside again I have a
plan what what if Rose goes outside with
a trash bag and whenever that guy shows
up to kill her and put her in the bag I
shoot him in the head and then I'm a
hero and then they'll make me a cop
again and then I'll eat a toaster
strudel and then I'll be happy and I'll
do my happy dance what if you miss and
then shoot me instead I never miss you
missed today shooting at a guy sitting
in a cop car handcuffed and you were a
foot away from him yeah and it's a good
thing I missed too cuz otherwise I would
have killed an innocent man but you were
trying to kill him I was trying to but I
didn't and that makes it okay look I'm
not going to miss this time come on Rose
okay I'm going to stay inside in the
nice warm house where it's safe with my
gun and you stand out here in the cold
with that trash bag until the scary
Strangler shows up and starts strangling
you then when he starts strangling you
I'm going to open the door and shoot him
in the head wait why are you waiting for
him to strangle me to shoot him shoot
him when he walks up well I got to make
sure it's the Strangler before I shoot
him I got to catch him in the act I
don't want to be strangled have
[Applause]
fun I'm just a girl alone holding a
trash
B I'm going to strangle
you John Jacob Jingle H Schmid his name
is my name too how is his name my name
too is my name John Jacob Jingleheimer
Schmidt cuz that's not my name is it
that common of a name what a weird song
why am I singing it oh oh [ __ ] I forgot
yeah hold
on okay okay I'm here I got him just
hold on um oh damn this is hard hold
still uh damn it I missed I can't stop
choking her I'm going again him don't
don't worry oh God's sake but hold on
this is I can feel the TR your break
yeah I can too
maybe oh come on okay okay what what
would Alec Baldwin do this is a prop
gun okay I got him I saved you all right
now we just got to tell the judge well
Mr guy you did it you did something so
good it overpowered all the bad you've
done in the past I hereby order you to
be allowed to be a cop again
yay how are you feeling baby hey
everybody guess what I'm a cop again and
it's all thanks to you
Rose you piece of [ __ ] yeah I know I
took a really long time to shoot him but
hey I got my aim back that that was the
point of this video right to get my aim
back that that that's what it was about
me not having good aim that's it that's
the only thing that was wrong with me
just the aim thing
[Music]