Jeffy come give Marvin his Father's Day
card here you go daddy read it world's
best fter look what on the time happy
fter
day do you get it Marvin instead of
Father's Day it says far's day yeah I
get it like a fart like a [ __ ] yeah I
get it guys what's wrong Marvin there's
no money in My Father's Day card you're
not supposed to get money for Father's
day but Jeffy gets money in his birthday
cards yes but that's his birthday listen
baby we're in a lot of debt Jeffy would
have helped us out if you would have
gave me $100 Marvin it's not jeffy's job
to get us out of debt I know just we're
so behind on bills let me just turn on
the Charlie Brown Father's Day special
hey Dad Happy Father's Day where's
Snoopy I can't find
him what you put him to sleep but he was
my best
friend listen I know you would fly his
dogghouse like an airplane and maybe get
us in a little CH boy the FAA but he
didn't deserve to
die his ashes good
grief hey Charlie want to kick the
football yeah that would cheer me up
here I
go Lucy's a [ __ ] Jeffy well she did
move the football when Charlie Brown was
trying to kick it yeah that was real
seword Behavior Jeffy we don't talk like
that I just can't focus on Father's Day
guys we're in so much debt and I don't
know how to pay our bills Marvin look
the
news breaking news Muk the famous
painter jaqu Pierre Francois has sold
one of his famous paintings for $300
million it is considered one of the
rarest and priciest paintings because it
was one of three paintings he's ever
signed so if you have a painting that is
signed by jock Pierre franois you could
potentially sell it for hundreds of
millions of dollars and I have an
exclusive interview with him now let's
go to that
I'm here with world-renowned painter
jacqu Pierre franois so tell me jacqu
why have you only ever signed three
paintings well I believe my painting
should not be tainted with my signature
I think you should know who painted it
just from the art itself mhm so why did
you sign those three paintings well I
was how you Americans say zooted off of
zanis okay would you be willing to sign
another painting and then we split the
money no no I do not care about the
money I only care about out now if you
will excuse me I will at my next
painting only from the doooo from my
butthole I will call it the [ __ ] well
you heard it here folks jacqu will not
be signing any more paintings look
there's my sperm donor that is jeffy's
real father Marvin no he's a dead beat
you take care of Jeffy so you're jeffy's
real dad yeah you're my real daddy Jeffy
don't touch me guys did you not just see
what the news said if he signs a
painting you get hundreds of millions of
dollars and that's jeffy's real dad so
don't you think that maybe he would sign
a painting for Jeffy and we get a quick
100 million Marvin are are you sure this
is how you want to spend your father's
day yes baby we can have $100 million by
the end of the day we just have to get
him to sign a painting well how are you
going to do that I don't know I got to
think of a plan but I need a cop why do
you need a cop for my plan you just said
you didn't have a plan but now I have a
plan and I need a cop hold on hey there
somebody call a cop yes cop I have a
plan that I need your help with and if
it works it could possibly make me $100
million
more well based on that laugh it sounds
like you're about to ask me to do
something illegal but for half of that
money I might consider I'm not going to
give you a half of my $100 million if
this plan works well if I'm helping you
you have to give me something look just
tell me what you want me to do and I'll
tell you how much I want all right so
jeffy's Dad is a famous painter oh yeah
I remember that and he's only ever
signed three of his paintings which
makes his signature super rare and makes
the paintings worth $100 million oh yeah
I just saw that on the news so since
jeffy's his son do you think maybe you
can make a fake document that he has to
sign if he wants to never take care of
Jeffy again because me and Rose take
care of Jeffy so be like hey if you
never want to take care of your son
again sign this paper and right before
he sign signs it you pull the paper away
and he signs a painting and you run away
with it oh yeah the classic paper
painting signature trick scheme yeah
I've done that a few times so you think
it'll work well we can definitely get
him to sign it the problem is we don't
have a painting for him to sign and his
paintings already go for tens of
millions of dollars even without a
signature you're right his paintings are
so expensive wait a minute you're a cop
why don't you go get a job at a museum
as a night guard and you let me break
into a museum and steal one of the
paintings no no no no no I am never
working as a guard at a museum ever
again last time I did that all the
exhibits came to life and it was a whole
thing we would do an animation about
that but we already spent our animation
Budget on the Charlie Brown thing
earlier so sorry oh man I wish I had
tens of millions of dollars to buy a
painting well do you have a friend that
has tens of millions of dollars I do but
I wouldn't call him a friend well can
you call him well I'll call him but but
I won't call him a friend God damn it
just call him why are you so pushy
because I want this money now okay well
how much do you want you never told me
how much you want out of the money I
haven't decided yet okay let me call
them okay I'm calling him it's ringing
what the [ __ ] do you want Marvin you
piece of [ __ ] I was in the middle of
getting a blumkin oh I I'm so sorry
Goodman you can call me back no it's
fine you've already ruined it what do
you want oh okay well I was going to ask
if you could pop oh you can keep talking
I'm just sipping on a glass of Cabernet
savag Nan 2018 excellent year okay well
I was going to ask J you [ __ ] this
having none it's it's half empty more go
ahead Marvin okay well I was going to
ask you for you better not be asking me
for money because that'll constipate me
all to hell I'm not asking you for money
it's kind of like a loan not really what
I want half no you're not going to get
half I just decided I want half half of
what oh Goodman can you please hold just
one second no I don't do well with
holding I don't hold just for like a
second I'm hanging up no don't don't
hang up my finger is approaching the
hang up button no no no you're not
getting half I want half how about 25
million okay 25 million yes I accept oh
no not to you I wasn't talking to you
who the [ __ ] are you giving $25 million
to and you can't pay your [ __ ] house
payment oh no no listen I don't have 25
$5 million yet but if you give me a loan
of $10 million I can give him $25
million why the [ __ ] would you give him
$25 million you should give me $25
million because I gave you the 10
million you would be getting $25 million
also because I'd be getting a100 million
how the [ __ ] are you getting $100
million with my 10 million because I
might as well just take my $10 million
and make a 100 million listen you can't
do it without me or brooken guy you need
both of us well you can't do it without
me apparently because I'm the one
holding 10 million [ __ ] dollars okay
how about you just come over and we talk
about this you me to stop getting a
blumkin to come over to listen to you
talk well you can finish your blumkin
then come over no it's fine I'm already
constipated it's all your fault you
ruined it I'm on my way okay all right
he's coming over and he can help with
the plan okay great oh wow he drives
really fast let me go get the door hello
all right Marvin what's the plan what's
that my savic naan you drank and drove
yes I have good lawyers so stop being a
[ __ ] and invite me in okay come on okay
so here's the plan we need 10 million
try that sure
o that's good what year is that 2018 oh
that's a good year I know can we get
back to the plan oh yeah all right so
good man we need $10 million from you so
we can buy a jacqu pier for swwa
painting because that's jeffy's dad and
if he signs a painting it's worth $100
million so Brook guy is going to get a
contract that he needs to sign to say
that he's not taking care of Jeff
anymore and right before he signs the
paper he's going to pull the paper away
so Jac P for signs the painting and then
we can sell the painting for $100
million okay and how much do I get um
you'd get 25 million and he' get 25
million I get 50 million no if we're
going to do the the deal then I want 50
million and you guys each get 25 million
Marvin I just changed my mind I want 50
million now you both can't get 50
million cuz then I'll get nothing okay
fine I'll get 25 million he'll get 25
million you'll get 50 million okay good
deal all right so give me the 10 million
I'll go buy a painting well we don't
need to go buy a painting I already have
one you already have a shot Pi for SW
painting I do let me go get it all right
here's the painting it's called The
Royal puss you weren't lying you
actually do have one of his paintings
yep all right so all you have to do is
get them to sign it so go what what do
you mean go like I'm a dog you said you
could get him to sign it so grab the
painting grab a piece of paper and go
trick him I don't know where to find him
what do you mean you said you'd get him
to sign it yeah I can get him to sign it
I can't bring them here you have to
bring them here how am I supposed to
bring them here I don't know oh great
another problem we have to solve
everybody shut up I figured it
out tell me I'm not going to tell you
for free I want $30 million and you go
down to 20 that's not happening okay
fine then we can just all sit here with
our dicks in our hands okay fine okay
fine yeah fine can I have some more SE N
I don't have anymore okay just tell me
what the plan is I'll go down to 20 Okay
cool so we're going to have a fake
painting competition and of course he's
going to show up because he's a painter
so whenever he gets here we're going to
give him a waiver and tell him he has to
sign it but then when he goes to sign it
we pull the paper away and he signs the
painting wow that's the perfect plan do
you get it do you get it bar cuz it's a
cat perfectly it's actually a really
good idea well he's not just going to
show up to a random painting competition
there's got to be an award ooh I have an
idea okay we're going to have an award
for best painter and the prize money is
going to be $10 million of Marvin's
money well why my money why not come out
of your money well because I just don't
want to give up that money oh I don't
want to give it up either you know what
fine we'll figure this out once he gets
here cuz after he signs the waiver we
don't have to have a contest at all okay
I'll go get him wait you said you didn't
know where he was well I didn't know
where he was for 25 million now that I'm
getting 30 I know right where we can
find him I'll be right back well then we
don't have to do the
contest hello and welcome to the first
ever painting at Marvin's house painting
competition where the winner will get
$10 million I'm here with the only
contestant jacqu Pierre Francois I am
happy to be here and I cannot wait to
win hey jacqu before you paint anything
we need you to sign this waiver what
does it say oh nothing you don't have to
read it just if you get a cramp in your
hand that we're not responsible so just
go ahead and sign right on that line
okay just sign
right wait wait a minute this is Royal
puss I have been tricked grab it run
suck my blue all right guys we got the
painting yes $30 million $30 million 10
million million guys all right where do
we sell this stupid painting at at an
art auction Marvin all right where do we
find an art auction at oh hold on the
news needs me to report the news Marvin
look the
news breaking news M Jaan Pierre franois
has decided to sign as many things as he
possibly can to make his autograph not
valuable well [ __ ] are you [ __ ]
serious no
way I guess I could sell this for $10
million on my own how much would I get
yet not [ __ ] oh man I never get the
millions of dollars that I always chose
nothing for I just want $10 million for
doing nothing that's all I want is that
too much to ask huh let's just finish
watching the Charlie Brown Father's Day
special Marvin we don't have the budget
for another Charlie Brown segment you're
right
[Music]
hey
Jeffy okay it's okay it's okay we can be
a canine unit just get in the car what
happened to your legs what do you mean
I've never had legs oh okay I just was I
was going to ask that Jeffy get in
theing car I was sniffing your butt for
drugs d g