come on come on I don't care about
Vincent Van Go's ear hurry up and go to
the next one Bo what you doing I'm
watching this online ear auction I'm
trying to buy a Vander Holyfield's ear
that Mike Tyson bit off ew buddy that's
disgusting why do you want to buy an ear
that someone bit off because nobody else
has it and I want it it's coming up all
right for our next item up to auction we
have evanda Holyfield's right ear that
was bitten off by Mike Tyson and to
verify the authenticity of said
we have the Mr Evander
hollyfield so Mr hollyfield this is your
ear correct oh what you say this ear is
your ear correct repeat it again the ear
on the table is in fact the ear that
Mike Tyson bit off of you andless where
she I can hear your ass you know my ear
on the table my apologies sir so Mr
hollyfield yeah everyone wants to know
is this your ear oh yeah yeah that's my
ear right there and why are you selling
said ear you know the bills do it's the
rent you know I got to pay it you heard
it here first folks Evan the hollyfield
needs to pay his rent so let's start the
bidding at $1,000 do I hear $1,000 1,000
going once 1,000 going twice nothing
okay how about $500 anyone for $500 spit
on it bo500 is too much I can get them
lower you in the back sir you're just
getting up to use the bathroom
understood
maybe $100 do I hear $100 I get you
earring with it come on $100 I'm buying
it $100 I just been notified that
someone from the online auction has
bought the air for
$100
congrats wel on yes yes I won I won the
ear Mike Tyson bit off yes B what are
you going to do when you get your bitten
off ear well I'm going to put it in my
wallet and carry it around with me
wherever I go whenever I meet people I'm
going to say Hey you know that ear Mike
Tyson bit off I have it and they're
going to say nuh and then I'm going to
whip it out and show them and they're
going to think I'm cool but how are they
going to know it was really his ear it
comes with a certificate of ear
authenticity well when does it get ear
well it gets ear tomorrow because
they're doing overnight shipping it's
coming from Las Vegas oh let's go to bed
I can't wait to get my ear oh Karen I'm
so excited I'm not going to count sheep
while I sleep I'm going to count ears
one ear two ears Bo I know you're not
sleeping your eyes are still open I know
that's how excited I am Bo you want to
fool around only if I can do it in your
ear bnie that's icky I know I'm going to
sleep it's morning Karen Bo it's too
early for this I'm going to go track my
package oh I can't wait to see what time
my ear gets delivered what package
destroyed what destroyed boy what's
wrong I'm on the UPS website and it says
my package was destroyed what I don't
know let me check the news
[Music]
breaking news m a UPS plane has crashed
into a children's hospital destroying
all the packages and killing hundreds of
people what oh come on are you kidding
me I can't believe my luck I know B it's
awful all those children are dead oh my
package is gone Bo this family is
suffering out there I'm suffering Karen
I'm the one who package got destroyed
why does God hate me why does he make
this happen to me stop being so selfish
Bo
Karen that was a Vander Holyfield's only
ear that got bitten off it was
Irreplaceable how on Earth could this
have happened cut it out with the puns
Bo it's not a joke no I know it's not a
joke Karen I know people died but you
can always make more kids you can't make
more of a Vander Holyfield's ear that
got bitten off you could do that one
more time but I bet he's not going to do
it I don't care if he and Mike Tyson are
friends now he's not going to let him
bite the other one off cut it out B no
no I'm going to go to the auction house
and I'm going to say how are you going
to make this right I need you to make my
Tyson bite the Vander Holyfield's other
ear off and spit it out into my hand
that's the only way fting no I'm going
to go there and tell
him order order order order damn it well
in any case I am the honorable Judge
poer and today we will be hearing the
case of Brooklyn guy who is demanding to
get aanda Holyfield's other ear because
the one he purchased was destroyed in a
plane crash Brooklyn guy explain what's
going on so I purchased a Vander hole
Field's ear that Mike Tyson bid off for
$100 in an auction and I was really
excited to finally get the ear so I
could show it off to my friends and then
bam the plane carrying the ear crashes
and the ear gets destroyed it was one of
a kind so now they owe me a Vander
Holyfield's other ear and I want Mike
Tyson to bite it off and spit it into my
hand H very interesting Mr auction house
man what have you to say about this well
it wasn't the auction House's fault that
UPS crashed that plane it should be
their job to get him a new holy filled
ear H yes that does make sense that it
is UPS's fault that their plane crashed
so Brooklyn guy couldn't you just Sue
ups for a $100 refund for the year I
don't want a refund I want a Vander
Holyfield's ear that was bitten off by
Mike Tyson it was worth way more than
$100 to me it was priceless they owe me
a Vander Holyfield's other ear and I
want you to make Mike Tyson bite her off
and spit it into my hand well I don't
really have the power to for course Mike
Tyson to bite aand Holyfield's other ear
off but I suppose I could give you a
24-hour pass to go bite it off wait me I
could bite his other ear off yes you
have 24 hours to go bite a Vander
Holyfield's ear off without it being
considered a crime but after that
24-hour period it will become a crime so
you better go my deser off thank you
your order now where is he hey Marvin I
liked it better when you would knock
before you came in my house it's really
important this time oo I really do like
your hair though oh thank you you look
good no I don't feel good did you see on
the news about the UPS plane that
crashed into that Children's Hospital I
know that was so sad wait you feel bad
because you knew my package was on that
plane oh I didn't think about that well
maybe you should have been more
considerate a lot of people died yeah
whatever but my package was one of a
kind it was Irreplaceable what was your
package like a kitten or a puppy no it
was a Vander Holyfield's ear that Mike
Tyson bit off you bought a ear that was
bit off yeah for 100 bucks it was a
pretty good deal actually oh okay so why
do you even care if it was only $100
because it's not about the money Marvin
it's about the ear and the judge says I
have 24 hours to legally bite off
Evander Holyfield's other ear but won't
he need that well he didn't need the
other one who was auctioning it off this
whole situation sounded completely
insane and stupid I know but I just came
to you to see if you know where avander
Holyfield is I don't know where that guy
is I don't even know what he does now oh
well maybe you could try calling his
agent and asking his agent he is ooh see
Marvin this is why I come to you you
have smart ideas I'm going to go get my
phone okay I Googled his agent's phone
number and I'm going to call him hello
you've reached Steve stalberger talent
agent uh yes do you represent a Vander
Holyfield I do okay so where is he well
I can't disclose that kind of
information unless it's for business
purposes oh it is he owes me something
oh well what's he owe you let's just say
it's an earful well what is it in my
mouth what I'm going to bite his ear off
because the judge said I could hello
hello he hung up on me well maybe
because the way you approach the
situation yeah I probably shouldn't have
said that I wouldn't have said you were
going to bite his ear off Marvin could
you call him and see if you can find out
where he is okay I'll I'll see what I
can do okay it's ringing hello you've
reached Steve stalberger talent agent uh
yes you represent a Vander Holyfield
correct this isn't another prank call
about biting his ear off again is it we
get those all the time no no no this is
a business opportunity for Mr Holyfield
oh well what is it well we have an
opportunity for him to go back into
boxing oh he loves doing that yeah Mike
Tyson wants a rematch oh okay so where
is he so I can talk about this
opportunity he's at the Applebees right
now okay well then we'll head that way
okay I'll let him know you're coming
thank you they said he's at Applebees
which Applebees the Applebees oh the
Applebees of course yeah okay I I'll go
over there and I I'll dress up like a
waiter and then bite his ear off
hello welcome to Applebees what would
you like to
drink sir sir oh oh you you were talking
me oh I'm sorry I could hey you know I'm
missing the in and all oh I'm so sorry
what would you like to drink hey there
I'm the district manager for Applebee's
you can go home really yeah you're
fired hey there Mr Holyfield oh you
recognize me oh you must be a fan of
something yeah I'm a big fan you want an
autograph no that's okay okay well what
can I get you started with maybe maybe
an appetize ear oh uh uh what you got
what you got uh maybe maybe an
earresistible
ooh
um I ain't really in the text me shrimp
oh okay what do you want how about we go
with a cheeseburger ooh a cheeseburg ear
good choice well which one do you want
take a good hard
look what you got what you got how about
an impossible cheeseburger okay yeah
impossible Burger got you I'll go put
that in yeah yeah yeah okay Mr Holyfield
here's your cheeseburg ear and your
complementary fries all right calm down
 that's a lot of ear jokes sorry
jeez just take a bite like Mike Tyson
whatever are you going to watch me eat
um do you mind if I take a bite They
Don't Really feed us here uh my burger
yeah can we like do it close to your
face though like maybe we like lady in
the
trampet whatever
man not
again breaking news M an Applebee's
waiter has bitten off Evander
Holyfield's other ear while eating
dinner he actually did it what e why
would you still have it in your mouth I
don't know I just thought it was cool
okay like my Tyson that's disgusting
well you finally got it are you happy no
because it's still not the ear Mike
Tyson bit off well how would anyone know
you're right nobody would know I could
just say this is the ear Mike Tyson bit
off but I don't have a certain
certificate of ear
[Laughter]
authenticity hey guys it's Logan we
officially launched an SML gaming
channel go subscribe right now we're
going to be uploading gaming videos
every single day so please go subscribe
to the new SML gaming channel for new
content every single day