hey Junior check out my new toy oh what
is that it's a ball drone it costs 580
bucks my mom bought it for me why does
it cost 580 because it flies it lights
up it plays music this is some military
great [ __ ] we're talking about here the
public doesn't even have these yet I had
to beg my mom to get it I told her I
didn't even want anything for Christmas
just this it's made of steel and
titanium and it's completely
indestructible well I want to see it Fly
okay check this out
I said check this out you gotta hit me
in the face it's still pretty cool
though right I want to see it Fly okay
it broke
that was my one toy
my dad's coming
Junior what's wrong Dad look there's
something I have to tell you so have a
seat this is gonna be a tough one are
you sick no it's worse than that are you
dying oh I wish I was look Junior you
have a twin brother I have a twin
brother yeah when you were born there
were actually two of you but I was gonna
pay child support for two kids hell nah
so I shipped your twin brother to London
home of the bridge well can I meet him
yeah he's actually coming to visit for a
week when's it gonna be here
it looks like that's him so have fun
Cody I have a twin brother yeah I wonder
if he's hot well he looks just like me
yeah so he's probably hot well hold on
let me go answer the door hello would
you look at it if it isn't my twin
brother Junior how's it going bro oh
well Dad said my twin brother was coming
and I I've never met you before so
what's your name nice Nigel but not a
lot of thorn berries
a real knee slap but that one is yeah
it's real funny you know it was a long
way across the pond isn't it and that
cheap smart bastard
Brave Little key card that one was
though fighting bad guys and such but
I'm being rude you didn't buy me in for
a biscuit or maybe some bangers and mash
some beans on toast
um yeah come inside Adrian who's the
brother here yeah he's right here oh
who's this ugly mug there's my friend
Cody
what is that something you hang your
coat on a Jody what are you American's
gonna think of Max oh [ __ ] maybe a
trousy never heard of a Cody before
that's hard to believe there's quite a
few of us Toby that's a new one yeah
well we usually do make fun of Cody but
we usually make fun of his fat mom oh
you like mom jokes oh God a great mum
joke I heard a market the other day Joey
your mom's ass is so why no no so fat
actually that Taurus mistake it for the
Big Ben taking pictures with it inside
yeah like the clock Chloe
okay what's his name Jenny Nigel Nigel
what like like Nigel Thornberry yeah
like the cartoon oh okay well where are
you from Nigel oh I'm from London isn't
it oh well what do you guys do in London
oh I see how it is you think just cause
I'm from London or I'd vote all day is
sit around and watch Harry Potter on the
tally
I don't know that's why I asked it you
know it's a bit nippy in here isn't it
maybe you should go grab your coat off
the Cody
okay I get it Junior how long you say he
was gonna be in town for maybe a week
okay I'll just see you at school
tomorrow no I like him a right bloke he
is hey dude you want to play fortnite
not right now Joseph hang out with my
twin brother wait you have a twin
brother oh who's this blowing a
basketball on his shirt LeBron James is
that you Sprite cranberry in that way
you drink Sprite cranberry like on the
commercials dude my name's Joseph Joseph
reminds me of mcnan Josephine she made a
mean peeing crumpets or Joseph he's your
favorite color green really how do you
know that dude it's all over your feet
bruv oh dude why is he talking like that
listen Joseph I'll just hang out with
you at school tomorrow okay I'll talk to
you guys later then where's Cody or Miss
Chloe listen Nigel I have to go to
school tomorrow so let's go to sleep
yeah I'm a bit knackered from that long
flight time to hit the sat in it yeah I
got an idea Nigel we look exactly the
same so you could go to school for me
and I can stay at home all day and play
video games yeah that's a good idea that
where the British keep getting smarter
well the Americans stay dumber I gotta
tell Joseph about this Joseph are you
still in the house yeah dude I was
laying on the floor behind your couch
why dude is super comfy duh well I just
want to let you know that I'm not gonna
be at school this week Nigel's gonna go
for me wait wait why because he looks
just like me and I can skip the whole
week oh okay okay I'm gonna call Cody
and tell him oh dude she's laying on the
floor behind your couch too Cody yeah
what are you doing I was laying down
behind your couch why do this comfy yeah
it's really comfortable yeah very comfy
dude oh that's weird listen guys I'm not
gonna be at school this week naido's
gonna go for me so I can stay at home
and play video games Junior don't make
us hang out with him yeah dude I don't
like his accent well listen it's only
for a week and I want a week off of
school so just just play with them and
hang out with them tomorrow okay
okay
all right across today in American
history we're going to be learning about
the Boston Tea Party the British were
bringing a bunch of tea over to America
and they were taxing the [ __ ] out of it
and the Americans got pissed and dumped
it all in the water so to this day if
you go to Boston Harbor and you bring
the water it tastes like tea boy what a
load of rubbish talking about the Boston
Tea Party like that more like when the
Americans threw a bloody fit over a
little bit of spilled too Amanda look at
me I wasn't there you know speaking of
spilled tea I might fancy a cup of right
now anyone got a [ __ ] right here I'm not
talking about you stinky bro I'm talking
about a city oh no I don't smoke dude
he's starting to get real Annoying oh it
Pour it down you bloody wankers at least
in the UK are schools like shooting
simulators he kind of has a point dude
and then after the Boston Tea Party was
a revolutionary war where the Americans
bent over the British and made the
British their [ __ ] oh what a load of
cords swollen up I mean come on Buckle
raw everyone for no stinking Frenchman
coming in with their french fries oh you
bloody Americans but we pledge
allegiance to the Queen the queen died
oh I put a soak in it the Queen's just
waiting to win the gulag against Betty
White to come back what and then after
the Revolutionary War we erected our
first President George Washington he's
on the one dollar bill because he's
number one you mean the bloke with the
disgusting wooden yellow teeth if you
Americans had free health care he'd be
rocking purely what it's like mine I
really can't stand
Sandy all right across that does it for
today's racing so go around and brag
about all the American history you
earned today a good day that's the end
of a school day a little short in it
that's why you bloody Americans are so
stupid with your summer vacations guys
what's wrong with Junior that's not oh
look at this end what oh you want a snog
excuse me or if you let me take you out
I'll be chuffed a bit
um no whatever you stinky Morkie okay
well Jenny that was harsh I think you
want to go play some Cricket you mean
baseball dude yeah come on okay oh what
am I supposed to do with this thing beat
my mother with it or whatever you
Americans do if your anger problems in
depression what the [ __ ] is he talking
about I don't know dude I've been
blocking him out the whole time it's a
baseball bat you just hit the ball with
it this ain't no bloody Cricket come on
let's play a man's game it's American
baseball nothing but men play this sport
throw the ball Cody
oh what kind of fire we start you throw
a lot of [ __ ] no I got [ __ ] dude that
was a pretty bad throw well you throw it
then okay watch this
wow dude he actually hit a home run God
damn it now we're never gonna hear the
end of it oh you say that
say that should it over the place
of water on Bloody Parts like you stupid
Americans say your Christmas song with
the pear trees oh thanks for a bottle of
water so you guys had a fun time hanging
out with Nigel today kill me Junior he's
the most annoying person I've ever met
but he hasn't called me Cody all day and
I think he forgot Cody can you pass me
that bottle of water dude
it's okay
so you believe this bloke's name is Cody
oh wait till you find out his last name
dude oh it was your last name Curry
nobody tell him my last name oh come on
Chloe give us a laugh come on Cody we
gotta know yeah
it's nut kiss
no kiss what are you gay yes oh all
right then dude you sound like the Gekko
from the Geico commercial Oh you mean
like switching to Geico because I do 15
or more oh calories yeah but way more
obnoxious you know Otis Jennings got me
a bit famish how about we go grab some
grub oh Junior has you met Chef PeePee
yet Chef Pee Pee like penis yeah all
right then yeah let's go meet Chef
PeePee Nigel
[Music]
are we see
oh this is my twin brother Nigel wait
twin brother oh no I quit I can't
I can't now I understand
[Applause]
I really wish we could eat McDonald's oh
just give me some coffee
American cars are weird with a steering
wheel and left hand side yeah how about
you drive on the right side of the road
screw your American driving law so left
side of a row is much better you guys
use miles instead of kilometers too you
bloody idiots yeah you're okay can we
just get on the right side of the road
before you kill someone all right fine
why don't you ready oh my God can I got
a kitty meal Fish fill out your chips
with Dr Pepper a froggy and a hammock
with a little bit of toad in the hole
and don't forget my tartar sauce with my
piggies in a blanket
it's not a pepper's good isn't it Cody I
wouldn't know I just got chocolate milk
and there's a mustache on it oh yeah and
I also get my free medium french fries I
get from McDonald's every week so
everyone can shut the hell up about that
how's your fish fillet Nigel oh no I
haven't tried it yet I heard you
Americans put a little preservatives in
it to make me fat and greasy kind of
like your mother
you know it's getting a little bit nippy
in here my nips could cut through glass
right now if only someone could hand me
a coat how about you
actually you know what Nigel how about
we play a game we only play here in
America all right what's the game the
game is called get in the Box all right
how you play you just get in the box and
whoever can stay in the Box the longest
wins all right what's in it for me uh
I'll give you a lolly ooh what flavor
Lolly like it doesn't matter just get in
the Box oh I love lollies yeah that's
great what do I do now you just stay in
the box and then I'll close it good
thinking Cody put him in a box yeah now
we just have to send them back to London
so I never have to hear koe ever again
he's really still going he just doesn't
know when to quit yeah just go drop this
box off the ups and send him to London
okay I will come on Nigel
[Music]