oh man I'm ready for movie night what
movie do you guys want to watch let's
watch a comedy oh I got something
hilariously bad we should watch 80 for
Brady we can take a shot every time it
sucks I think we can black out in the
first 10 minutes a it looks like a cute
movie to me yeah cute hungry time what
oh Jeffy has a hungry Bell whenever he's
hungry he rings that Bell McDonald's
we'll get you McDonald's nuggies we'll
get you nuggies sauce we'll get you
sauce is he going to do this the whole
movie Jeffy if you be quiet the entire
movie and don't ring your bell we'll get
you McDonald's okay all right I'll go
put the movie
in looks like I'm sitting pretty boys I
got 20 yeah I have two kings 21 you all
lose damn it gosh darn it go ahead bake
my chips I'm loaded baby but why you R
it go ahead and get me some more I'm out
guys oh yeah maybe maybe you'd actually
turn a profit if you didn't sell 20
chicken nuggets for a dollar you piece
of [ __ ] yeah I'll screw you Ronald oh
yeah s spin on it Burger King piece of
[ __ ] hey leave Burger King alone don't
get me started on you Wendy always fresh
never Frozen my ass you're telling me
they kill the cows at the slaughterhouse
then they take all that Bloody meat and
they load it into the truck never Frozen
by the way and then they drive that [ __ ]
all around the United States rotting
because it's never Frozen cuz freezing
it would be way too safe let drive it
around dropping it off at your locations
if your meat is never Frozen then my
balls are never sucked and that [ __ ] is
highly unlikely well at least our ice
cream machines aren't broken and don't
get me started on your frosties you're
telling me you got to dip your French
fries in ice cream to make it taste good
my [ __ ] is always good Michael Jackson
loved our [ __ ] and you know what he even
wanted a fry machine in his house hey
where are my chips they're on the way
sir
good I'm getting a call it's my manager
Steve I'm sorry sir no phones at the
table I am betting 100 Grand a hand I'm
losing my ass out here I'm I'm loaded
baby and you're trying to tell me I
can't be on my phone at the table what
are you my mother I'm very sorry sir
yeah you are now where's my chips I'm on
it hey Steve what's going on baby Ronald
did you take 10 million dollar out of
our corporate savings Oh no you're
telling me that someone took $10 million
out of my savings account that has
billions in it oh whatever will I do
Ronald you can't be spending money that
recklessly who says I'm spending it
Steve are you at a casino yeah I live
here Steve they give me threee rooms
they know me by name you're not betting
$100,000 per hand again are you no here
are your chips are in $100,000
increments thank you hey bet it all you
want me to bet $4 million on one hand
yeah yeah he hey and let it br ride we
can only let it ride if it wins okay
well if it wins Let It Ride got it hey
hey hey hey let it ride Ronald our
earnings are down in January okay who
gives a [ __ ] Steve just make like
another Travis Scott bger o or a Nicki
Minaj meal I got one an Ariana Grande
maafe meal or a Drizzy DRP chicken
nugget meal Steve that's actually a
pretty good idea Ronald don't worry
we'll find somebody famous yeah yeah but
if you find someone make sure that list
I'm talking big time like Hollywood I'm
talking Robert Downey Jr I'm talking
Eddie Murphy I'm talking Robert
Patterson I really liked his last work
okay aronald I think I have just the
person in mind he's the most famous okay
perfect talk your [ __ ] Steve what
happened to my chips well we let it ride
you got three blackjacks in a row and
then you lost on the fourth one oh
perfect you know what uh how about I uh
get some more chips you really shouldn't
be spending all that money well you know
know what Wendy you really shouldn't be
such a squid just like your Burgers
piece of [ __ ] this movie's fun I hate my
life I think this movie is giving me
AIDS I I think if I took a blood test
right now I would test positive for AIDS
my spine hurts I feel like I'm getting
the flu they should take away one of his
sewer Bowl rings from making this movie
at least one McDonald's time yes please
I'll drive well you're drunk yeah well I
would rather kill a family of six in a
fiery car accident then watch another
second of this film wait but we're not
going to finish the movie no come on
I'll drive I'm going to finish the
movie all right Steve which aless
celebrity meal did you make for me is it
the Dy Drake box or maybe the Adam
Sandler Burger well we couldn't get any
of those people Ronald but we got
somebody even better and he was even in
an Adam Sandler movie you got me David
Spade nope rub Snider nope even better
we got got kwin Frost the snowman oh you
know what Steve it's a month late but I
like where you're going with this
Christmas in January it could be big no
no no CN like the green Muppet dude the
the
Frog Steve the Muppet meal Steve the
Steve genius Steve kids love the Muppets
they going to eat that [ __ ] up Steve
when B with your head Steve yes but no
that's Kermit Ronald I'm saying Kerwin
Kerwin Frost is he like a Disney Channel
star no he created the spaghetti boys is
is that a cartoon no it's a clothing
brand see his face is right here on the
box Steve please please tell me please
tell me that Snoop Dog son no that's CN
Frost so it's not Snoop Dog son no I got
a question fory it's very important when
you decided to make this box did you
just walk out of your office walk down
the street maybe a couple feet and just
point the first freaking person you saw
sure and just say hey do you want your
face and your name on a McDonald's box
do you want a meal named after you is
that what you did Steve yeah Steve okay
okay Steve if I go outside right now and
I walk and find a 10-year-old and I ask
him hey do you know who Kerwin Frost is
is he going to tell me yes Steve no but
this is an adult Happy Meal oh I'm sorry
let me let me change the situation for
you Steve if I go outside and I go for a
little walk and I find a 20-year-old and
I ask him hey do you know who the hell
Cen Frost is is he going to tell me yes
Steve no and Steve if I go up to you
right here right now and I ask you hey
Steve before you made this shitty ass
box do you know who the hell Cen mother
freaking PR this are you going to tell
me yes Steve no why the hell is it on my
box well Ronald if you collect all the
nuggets and the gold nugget you can meet
kwin Frost yeah collect six nuggets to
meet Coen Frost now if it was collect
six nuggets to meet Drake Drake are you
serious Drake I would be eating this
[ __ ] up I'd be buying a Happy Meal every
minute of every day and I'd be fighting
people over that [ __ ] Steve how many of
these old nuggets to you Rel Steve well
we only sold one okay here's what you're
going to go Steve you're going to go
find Drake and I I'm going to go find
this Golden Nugget cuz I think I want to
meet this Cur and frost fella that way I
can punch him in the face
Steve all right we're back you guys
missed a really cute ending to that
movie I highly doubt that but we get
adult happy meals and it's the kwin
frost box who's Kerwin Frost you don't
know who Kerwin Frost is no me neither
but his face is on a Happy Meal so he
must be prettyy famous whatever the kids
are into these days look I got the
golden jig nugget oh that's cool I
wonder what I got let me see here oh
looks like I got Kerwin Frost himself I
got some old lady who looks like media
oh that's cool oh it says right here
that if you collect all of them you can
meet Kerwin Frost I'm good you guys good
yeah I'm good I don't ever have to meet
him yeah I'm good oh Marvin somebody's
at your door can I please answer it I
love answering other people's doors it's
so much fun sure oh I'm going to show
him my kwin Frost he's going to love it
hello you want to see my kwin Frost what
the hell did you just say Carn Frost let
me ask you something do you know who the
hell Carn Frost is no all right give me
that [ __ ] get out of my way I wonder who
was at the door hey there Ronald
McDonald Ronald Donald that's right what
are you doing here I have one very
important question for you to before
this [ __ ] happened do either of you
know who the [ __ ] Cohen Frost is I have
no idea who he is perfect gold star what
about you Twinkle Toes not all oh good
now I'm going to need that Golden Nugget
but I want to me curing Frost do you
want to die just give it to him Jeffy
but I already sold it on eBay you sold
it on eBay the
him we meet again Ronald the Burger King
I'll just be taking this Golden Nugget I
want to meet kwin Frost do you even know
who he is no nobody pisses you off and I
love it I you ought to come up there and
beat your ass Bring It On clown boy I
thought You' never ask ready fight come
on you Majesty put up your dukes you
tool I've been practicing my
boxing come on before we fight Ronald I
just have one question what is it this
time do you have any cavities hell no I
don't have any cavities I bet you don't
brush your teeth [ __ ] look ah oh I'm
going to enjoy
this die choke on it
die good night
Ronald that's better I [ __ ] hate that
guy so why do you guys eat McDonald's
and not Burger King our burgers are
flame broy well I like the taste to your
food more but back in 2020 I threw up
rot I got like food poisoning and so I
just I'm never going to eat it again I'm
sorry well what about you the cand Wich
is the tits yes my man high five hell
yes yeah so I mean I guess I could take
off but like you guys want some free
Burger King no I'm good no okay you sure
I mean it's not CN Frost but it's I
don't even know who that is me
[Music]
neither