[Music]
it's my birthday it's my birthday it's
my birthday
noise noise I love D yeah yes it is I
know what my birthday chef PPI which
worked out my party at Chuck E Cheese
are you coming oh shut up can you go
back to sleep
wow wow you're gonna miss my birthday
because you're tired well I'm gonna
invite all my friends and my dad gonna
be there and you're gonna be the only
one not there cuz you're a loser
Julia do not interrupt me while I'm
watching TV my birthday dad oh you act
like every day's your birthday oh so
annoying but let's go to Chuck E Cheese
for my birthday you did yesterday when
you said you booked Chuck E Cheese for
my birthday no I don't remember that
will you booked it so what are we going
to Chuck E Cheese
we're not let me watch TV and eat my
cheese balls and beets leave me alone oh
wow I can't believe my dad and chef baby
don't care about my birthday I guess I
just go to Chuck E Cheese by myself hmm
I invited my friend to my party let me
call him me see if they're still coming
Oh guys please answer
wait yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
so joseph kony we stopped so guys what's
up nothing
chillin yeah just sitting back in bugs
you know to usual but eating bugs yeah
yeah Cody not everybody's privileged
like you eat regular food damn sorry
guys guys calm down I was calling to see
if you're still coming to my birthday
party at Chuck E Cheese oh yeah I'm not
gonna miss that yeah you know dude I'll
be there yeah because we're best buds
right yeah duh yeah cash fpb and my dad
aren't coming that's lame yeah what I
know I know they're not true friends so
uh I'll see you guys at check your
cheese okay okay yeah I'll be there dude
all right bye guys
you can always count on my friends I'm a
head of cheese right now oh I guess
nobody does show up for my birthday
party at Chuck E Cheese well you're here
early
oh who are you oh I work here why are
you dressed as a doctor oh it's in case
you hurt yourself on any of the games in
here or if you eat the pizza oh I would
recommend that oh well I'm trying to
wait for my friends to get here from my
party but they're not showing up yeah I
mean it is pretty early oh I guess I'll
just wait till they show up okay if you
want I guess I'll just play some
skee-ball by myself
Wow this is the worst birthday ever
no we're sure to my party I wish that
was never born
where am I hello no Santa Claus am I in
the North Pole
no Jew you're on God what God am I in
heaven oh no Junior
this is just a sheet with a fog machine
heaven is way cooler there's so many
women that's why some people called me
Allah coz I get all under women you get
it all right tough afterlife so I'm dead
oh yes Junior you're dead how'd I die
someone threw a ski ball at your head
took you down in one shot very clean
very accurate throw they probably would
have gone pro if they didn't have an
injured elbow
Oh so why am I not in heaven well junior
you wish that you had never been born so
now I'm going to show you what the world
would look like if you were never born
it's my house yes it is I thought it
burned down oh it did but since you were
never born
it's never burned down the candle
remember something McDonald yes I do
that candle caused the fire yeah
somebody must have left it on a bed or
something I don't know oh yeah I can
know it was my fault yes it was so
there's my dad still live here oh yes
let's go and check on him here is your
father what's wrong with him he died
nope well since you were never born he
was able to watch TV uninterrupted and
that's what he did he watched TV all day
every day while eating cheese balls
until he laughed himself to death which
actually sounds like a pretty good life
that's probably what I would do if I
wasn't God so so so by me being born it
actually keeps my dad alive and he was
happier well he looks pretty happy here
I mean just look at that smile oh well
how about chef PB is he still alive
Oh
he's still alive let's go look check
this out
chef peepee owns a five-star restaurant
it's called a taste of pp we're Chevy
owns a five-star restaurant but it's
cooking sucks
not anymore since he doesn't have to
babysit you chef peepee has become a
professional chef and he's made millions
off of his gourmet food he is now the
most famous chef in the world you've
been so good to me oh yes I can see
there oh man what would you like to eat
God oh just have the usual chicken
parmesan oh you know it I want you to
know it's okay he's with me well does he
have a million dollars because that's
how much it takes to eat here no it's
okay I got it
hobo yeah you are God so I'll get to
food ticket departments on this hold on
if the chicken parts are really good oh
it's to die for
just ask Jesus the kid loves it that's
how I know he's my son what do you think
the Pope lives in Italy all-you-can-eat
chicken parmesan oh oh really hungry we
could have the food now say no more
okay here's the world famous fbb chicken
parmesan me bless you
oh thank you God no yeah oh man this
really does look good oh it is okay so
my dad's not alive anymore nope and chef
peepees a millionaire you know so then
what happened everyone else I know will
follow me and I'll show you can I eat
first I'm really hungry
Oh hold on I can fix that I'm really
full out of nowhere yeah I put the food
inside you what you can do that I can do
oh gosh oh that's so cool yeah no follow
me well you're not gonna pay client this
place is expensive he's gonna be mad at
you if you don't pay well he can't be
mad at me I created the world look what
I did for him it'll be fine
follow me let's ditch okay now look at
this poor man what I know that is that's
the cop and the doctor not anymore he's
not since you weren't born he doesn't
have any problems to solve and no one
wants to hire him
really so he's really homeless yes I
don't believe he's homeless but you
don't believe me I'm God well fine ask
him yourself if you don't believe me hey
mister hey hey kid you have any spare
change
no that's what they all say you just
don't want to give me any money because
you're afraid I'm gonna spend it on
booze which I will but that's none of
your business I don't have a problem you
have a problem well what happened to you
I thought you had a lot of jobs what
yeah I got a lot of jobs that's why I'm
living in a cardboard box next to a
dumpster no I don't have a lot of jobs
but it used to be a cop and a doctor oh
no nobody wants to hire me to pretend to
be a cop or a doctor they want real ones
if only somebody would call me every
single day to help them with their
stupid problems but that's just a dream
[Applause]
do you believe me now yeah they're just
really sad because he had a lot of jobs
well he only had jobs because you needed
him oh that's so sad well what about my
friends Joseph and Cody your friends
well let's go check on them where am I
we're in a movie theater and if you look
next to me you'll see your friend Cody
on a date yeah I know no shut up and
kiss me oh my girls oh yes he does
because you were never born he never met
you and since he never met you he never
found that Ken doll remember oh yeah I'm
the reason he has a kindle yes and since
he never found the Ken doll
he never realized how much he liked boys
so now he's a ladies man yes I'm done
with you go get your sister okay
what are you looking at nothing we
should go
well what about Joseph Oh Oh Joseph oh
poor Joseph Joseph follow me here is
Joseph oh no Joseph died yep well he
would always come over to your house to
eat but since you were never born he had
nowhere to go so he starved poor Joseph
yes poor Joseph r.i.p rest in poverty
because he was poor poor sister Joseph's
not alive my dad's not alive the broken
guys are homeless
Cody straight it looks like everyone's
suffering cuz I wasn't born chef peepee
is doing pretty good though yeah chef
baby's a millionaire so that really
shows how much Shep Ubese giving up to
take care of me yes you see that's the
point of all of this Junior to show you
that you should appreciate the people in
your life oh man if I was ever alive
again I would tell Shelby how much I
love them and how much I appreciate them
well you're in luck because I'm going to
put you back in your body what you have
to remember what we talked about
really hey kid what god hey hey kid look
why you sound like that God hey hey kid
wake up and kid hey hey kid thank god
you're alive I didn't want to have
another incident I had to report to
corporate the insurance on this place is
crazy enough as it is what up
to me I'll let a homeless guy over there
just domed you in the head with a
skee-ball homeless guy that's God oh did
he tell you that cuz last week he told
me he was a wizard hey get out of here
get out of here don't throw things get
out of here before I call the police
I am the police those people Parmesan is
evilicious cooties thank you so much
happy be forgiving up millions of
dollars just to take care of me millions
of dollars what are you talking about
you gave up owning a five-star
restaurant and having millions of
dollars but just to be poor to take care
of me I do that jr. I would sell you for
a thousand dollars if I had the chance
Chevy you're so awesome you're the best
person in the world and I'm not even mad
at you anymore forgetting about my
birthday today what are you talking
about your birthday's tomorrow you idiot
tomorrow yes your birthday is tomorrow I
don't know why you keep saying yesterday
it's tomorrow at Chuck E Cheese tomorrow
I mean oh yeah you are
I thought it was well I'll see you
tomorrow Chuckie Cheese I love you so
much oh man I can't believe I forgot
what my own birthday was yeah it's
pretty stupid Jimmy all right doing your
blow out your candles and wish for
whatever you want whatever I want
hmm what do I want would you wish for
Jinyu I didn't wish for anything cuz I
already had everything I want right here
yeah so lame Junior
[Music]