[Music]
go in go in go in Jeffy Jeffy Jeffy
you're trying to make the circle piece
go into the triangle spot you're
supposed to put it in the circle spot
like that we get their piece go it went
inside get it back get it back get it
back look Jeffy look there it is right
there grab it oh hey Mr Circle Peach
what doing Morphin look a commercial hi
I'm Tim Cook CEO of Apple and I'm
excited to our new overpriced product
the Apple Vision Pro it's a new VR
headset and I know what you're thinking
how is this different from the medaquest
3 it's Apple so it's going to be more
expensive but with this you can check
your text messages read your emails
watch movies and listen to music on the
[ __ ] moon on Mount Everest in Fiji
now I'm a billionaire I'm worth $2
billion I can check my text messages on
Mount Everest in real life if I wanted
to anywhere in the world but you can't
because you're a broke piece of [ __ ] so
I made this for you so you can simulate
a fraction of my life now here's the fun
part how much does it cost well the meta
Quest 3 goes for about $700 so how much
do you think I'm going to charge you for
this piece of [ __ ]
double
triple
quadruple you wish buddy this bad boy
goes for a whopping horribly egregious
$4,800 $ and guess what you're going to
pay it because it's apple and you want
to be cool and guess what next year
we're going to release another one
that's identical to this one and twice
the price so I'll See You in September
for the new iPhone it has no screen
you're going to need this who would
spend $4,000 on something like that I
don't understand this virtual reality
stuff Marvin I want to live in the now
hey D can you help me figure out where
this piece goes well that's a star so it
goes in the star
spot get it up get get it out get it out
get out Jeffy stop it go to your room if
this if you can't play this game without
screaming who's at the door hello hey
Marvin look what I spent $4,000 on you
actually bought the Apple Vision Pro of
course I did now I get to have my bank
account balance open in front of me at
all times and over there I have a video
of some girl on girl action oh looking
in front of me there's some [ __ ] who
doesn't like to pay his house payment
nope that's not virtual reality he's
actually there well listen I'm going to
try to find a way to pay my house
payment you better pay your house
payment so I can afford more stupid [ __ ]
like this oh listen I I promise I'll pay
it soon okay well I'm going to come
inside and sit on top of Mount Everest
you can actually go to Mount Everest I
can go wherever I want to with these on
well can I try them on you wish poor now
move out of my way I got a hike to climb
hey Marvin how are you running up Mount
Everest so fast these are my stairs well
it's Mount Everest to me look there's
green boots who he [ __ ] died hurry
up all right Marvin I made it to the the
top of Mount Everest Marvin he actually
bought one of those yeah and he wants me
to pay him my house payment he doesn't
need your house payment if he can afford
that hey you hush all right Marvin guess
where I'm at now the Amazon rainforest
looking at a rangit Tang tits and
[ __ ] what are you doing clapping big
purple baboon ass cheeks I think it's
Tarzan's mother oh look there's Tarzan
Now give me that loin cloth you raised
by monkeys [ __ ] it's hot out here all
right now I'm going to the Moon Moon one
small step for apple one giant waste of
$44,000 for me well can I please try it
no they don't allow the poor on the moon
where's your cardboard sign that says
I'll work for food or some [ __ ] homeless
hold on I'm getting a phone call hello
hey Dad what do you want son I'm on the
moon right now well Dad I just wanted to
say that I want the Apple Vision Pro ew
I'm not paying $4,000 for you to be
happy why not Dad I want it do you have
a pair [ __ ] no I don't have have a pair
I'm not on the moon or some [ __ ] with
apple Vision Pro well then how the [ __ ]
are you on the moon you dumb [ __ ] well
I'm friends with Jeff Bezos and [ __ ]
Elon Musk as [ __ ] well Dad I want you to
come home right now and prove to me that
you don't have the Apple Vision Pro all
right fine I'll fly home right now from
the Moon
bye [ __ ] what what's wrong my son wants
the Apple pros and I'm not going to give
them to them so I got to leave them here
I want you to watch them okay don't
touch them don't [ __ ] with them or
anything I'll be right back Marvin I
can't believe people waste their money
on technology like that well I kind of
want to try them Marvin no he said you
can't I want to see how rich people have
fun please let me try them just just one
time this thing is heavy what's it like
I don't see anything yet I don't think
it's on here let me press this button
you did
something wa I'm on the moon really
Marvin am I on the Moon too uh yeah you
are W that's so cool wait how do we
breathe out here I have no idea but
you're such a sexy astronaut a thanks
Marvin can you please just do me a favor
can can you take your shirt off what can
just just take your shirt off on the
moon I want to see what it looks like
okay
Marvin oh God damn it well Marvin I want
to see what's it like it's the greatest
thing I've ever seen in my life Marvin I
want to turn let me try no hey give
those back I was happy okay Marvin I
have them on how do I make them work you
have to turn them on
oh wow what do you see baby so hot
what's so hot uh in the island I'm I'm
an island in Fiji and it's so hot you
can't feel the weather of the Apple
Vision Pro I bet it's hot though oh well
what do I look like uh you you look like
you oh thank God I was worried it was
making me look like some hunky man nope
no hunky just Just You Marvin take your
shorts off why do you want me to take my
shorts off uh I just want to see you
naked on a beach Marvin okay I'll do it
for you huge what what's huge uh the
hugest palm tree I've ever seen with the
hairest Coconuts all right it's my turn
to wear the Apple Vision Pro wait Marvin
just kiss me before I take them off why
because I want to kiss you on a beach in
Fiji well I want to wear them while I
kiss you why Marvin do I look like some
hot supermodel or something no no no
baby no you look like you I just I want
to kiss you while we're on the moon H
I'll bet oh no listen what what's it
make me look like some hunky guy with a
huge wiener no Marvin you look like you
yeah okay it's my turn to wear it's my
turn it's my turn to wear you broke the
fantasy machine fantasy machine I said
what I said oh my God it's broken into
pieces Mar what do we do I don't know
Goodman will be back and this thing is
worth $4,000 I can't afford
that I'mma call Apple tech support I'mma
call them all right I'm calling Apple
tech support thank you for calling Apple
tech support my name is Camille Habib
habab Camille is in camel Habib Hab is
in corn on the cob and what can I do for
you on this fine evening well I have an
apple Vision Pro and it's broken okay
have you tried turning it off and
turning it back on it's in multiple
pieces ooh no good in multiple pieces no
it's not good I need you to help me fix
it all right can I have your Apple ID
well it's not my Apple Vision Pro it's
my friend is it stolen no it's not
stolen he let me borrow and I want it
fixed please okay can you give me your
name my name is Marvin okay can you
spell that for for me please m n no m n
no not n m n m not n m just m just him
no yeah just him all right thank you for
calling just him what can I do for you
no my name is Not Jus him oh like Justin
Bieber oh we have Justin Bieber on the
phone baby baby baby my name's not just
m it's just let's let's restart like we
just met okay hello thank you for
calling Apple my name
is start with the letters
what can I do for you today m m yes m a
a r r v b no v b Marvin Marvin no not
can I speak to an American I want to
speak the song from America please all
right hold on one second I got to patch
in my supervisor his name is Bob oh
thank God hello my name is Bob I am from
the Utah you're not from Utah I am very
much from the Utah now how may I be of
helping for you today I want to speak to
an American that can listen my friend my
friend my friend I am the very good best
American you will ever hear in your
entire life so tell me my friend what is
wrong okay listen I have an apple Vision
Pro and it's broken oh that's not very
good no it's not can I have your name
please sir it's Marvin Oh Martin no
Marvin Martin no Marvin I'll spell it m
n m n m just m oh just m no yes just the
letter M okay so Justin like Justin
Bieber Justin Bieber
Bieber
baby I'm going to kill myself listen I'm
going to just call a local person that
can fix it hey there somebody call a
plumber yeah you fix things right well I
fix plumbing like leaky sinks and stinky
shits I actually used to have a business
card that said that but then people kept
calling me up wanting me to [ __ ] on them
I actually did it one time cuz I really
needed the money you you don't want me
to [ __ ] on you no no no oh good good
cuzz I mean I I do it I I do still
really need the money I actually have an
appointment to do that right after this
it's actually easier than fixing a sink
and people do usually pay me more money
for it well no we don't need you to do
that okay that's good just you know let
me know if you change your mind no I
need you to help me fix this apple
Vision Pro I don't Fix Apple products I
just offered to [ __ ] on you for money
what part of that made you think I was
smart listen this thing is worth
$4,000 oh really and the owner if he
comes back and see that it's broken he
might hit me okay okay well I guess I
can take a look at it I think this part
probably just snaps right onto this
right okay and then I just put this
right there well that was easy well you
fixed it thank God what is this stupid
dumb thing anyway it's like a virtual
reality goggles G I don't understand
kids these days with a TV on your face
you know when I was a kid my dad always
used to tell me if I sat too close to
the TV I'd go blind and now they sell it
so you can strap it straight to your
face what happened to Pac-Man and cubert
can I try it out yeah you can try it
this thing's probably just dumb anyway
stupid
W this is sick where are you I'm in like
Fiji or something oh damn damn Double
Damn double Dam 2000 Nickelodeon Double
Damn wait what do I look like you're
you're like a hot girl I'm a hot girl oh
yeah and your wife's hot too oh thank
you okay it's time for you to take them
off hey can you do me a favor and kiss
your wife like maybe make out why cuz
for me it'll look really nice okay no
you're taking those off no come on man
oh man come on I was having so much fun
it's my turn to wear them hey no I want
to wear no I want to wear my turn calm
down I don't want to risk breaking them
again no one wears them man I need a
pair of those they're $4,000 oh really
you know how many people I'm going to
have to [ __ ] on to be able to afford
that like four they pay me very well
well go charge them for that then
actually you know what I'm charging you
$44,000 for fixing that all you did was
snap the pieces back on yeah that's true
so get out of here yeah the xlax is
kicking in I have to go [ __ ] on a
Filipino man can I please borrow those
so I can pretend I'm in Hawaii while I
do it no leave you guys are lame all
right no one touches them Goodman we'll
be back soon dad what the hell is that
well that's not my Apple Vision Pro it's
Marvin's right Marvin what it's your
Apple Vision Pro right oh yeah that's my
Apple Vision Pro well how does this poor
piece of [ __ ] afford one and we can't
well I don't know he doesn't even make
his house payment maybe he saves up all
his house payment money and bought the
Apple Vision Pro well that's not fair I
want one right now well maybe if you're
good for Christmas you can get one no
[ __ ] that I don't want to wait till
Christmas Christmas is 10 [ __ ] months
away I want it now well maybe Easter
Bunny no [ __ ] the Easter Bunny I don't
want something that comes out of his ass
what about for President's Day well are
you a [ __ ] president no all right
then so get your Andrew Jackson looking
ass in the car all right Dad but if I
find out that's yours spank it okay
thanks for covering for me Marvin for
for doing that you don't owe a house
payment this month but I am going to
have to leave it here for a few days so
Richard doesn't find out about it okay
than thank you so much oh my God we
don't owe a house payment this month
that helps us so much that helps so much
and that's nice that he's leaving it
here for a couple days yeah but I don't
think we should touch it because I don't
want to risk breaking it I agree
Marvin I want to use it I want I want to
see the hot
[Music]
girl
[Music]