[Music]
well along clock boy our plan to take
over the world is almost in effect yes
clockman now all we have to do is
destroy all the clocks in the world so
that only we know the time and when
people want to know the time they will
have to pay us and they'll have to pay
me if they want to be woken up on time
for work it's genius brilliant brilliant
brilliant but clockman how are we going
to break all the clocks in the world
well with my clock smashing Hammer Of
course alarm clockman hand me the H very
well
porkman now broadcast us to the world
with
pleasure wow guys can you believe it's
already almost
20225 what what wait the [ __ ] you can
you believe it's almost already 2025
yeah right I'm taking this
wait all right no yeah is 2024 went by
really fast yes it did yeah did anything
happened this year that was even
important like it just seemed like
nothing big happened um uh well there
was no no this year was kind of a bust
honestly yeah so what's what's your
guys' New Year's resolution oh I'm going
to quit drinking cuz apparently I need
to stop yeah you can't know dates yeah
I'm sorry what's yours Jeffy well my New
Year's resolution is that when I [ __ ] in
my pants I'm not going to scoop my ass M
across the ground like a dog and leave a
snail trail of [ __ ] all right yeah
that's good what about yours I just want
to feel better oh you're sick mhm well
well what about you Marvin uh mine's to
not wear a tie anymore yeah I I guess I
really don't see the point yeah I mean I
I I mean I think it's doing too much
yeah I mean you don't have a job or
anything you're just wearing a polo
shirt with a clip on tie okay I might
keep wearing it I don't think you should
well let's turn on some TV to watch the
the the ball drop yeah yeah let's watch
Christopher Watkins Rocking New Year's
Eve yeah hit
it hello and welcome to Christopher
Watkins Rocking New Year's Eve I'm your
host Christopher Walkin star of such
movies as click and Kangaroo Jack
tonight our musical guest is me hitting
the cowbell I'm going to start hitting
it hello people of the world it is I
clockman and I a love clock boy you're
all very excited for to hit midnight so
you can ring in the New Year but how
will you know when midnight is when we
destroy all the clocks in the world do
it's clockman show them you're serious
I'm not [ __ ]
around tell me what time it is now H all
you did was shatter the glass we can
still tell what time it is what I got
this clock
man now how will you tell the time well
that was only one clock there's so many
clocks in the world well I will destroy
all the clocks like this
one this one clock man thank you alarm
clock
boy yes bring me all of your clocks so I
may destroy them and your alarm clocks
too we're not just going to bring you
our clocks and we have other things that
can tell time like our phones and our
cars yeah well I I guess there are a lot
of devices that can tell the time well
attention World bring us all of your
Fone and cars and microwaves and ovens
and
refrigerators and watches [ __ ] there are
so many watches smart watches fitbits
stoves ooh gaming consoles gaming
consoles TVs really any smart device in
your home anything with internet access
honestly and the Sun and the sun sun
dials are going to be a real problem
clock towers Big Ben Big Ben [ __ ]
somebody turn off Big Ben uh uh alarm
clock boy we may need to re-evaluate our
plan we hold on world because we will be
back shortly with more demands all those
guys are [ __ ] idiots Marvin do you
really think they're going to come in
and break all our clocks there's no way
they can physically go and break every
single clock in the world no there got
to be like billions like trillions of
things that tell time yeah let's go back
to watching Christopher walking damn it
alarm clock boy we just embarrassed
ourselves in front of the whole world
well I thought it was a good plan how
are we going to destroy all the clocks
of the world now what if we EMP the
whole world alarm clock boy we don't
have an EMP we're not the military we
are high school dropouts in my mother's
basement all we have is clocks in this
Hammer damn it wait what if we go door
to door and smash everyone's clocks in
the world yes if Santa Claus can travel
the world in one night then so can we
alarm clock boy broadcast me to the
world I'm Christopher walking and I like
it when things are good like kitty cats
hello again people of the world we have
perfected our plan me and alarm clock
boy are going to travel the whole world
in one night and Destroy everyone's
clocks like Santa Claus well we'll be
traveling the world like Santa Claus not
delivering presents or eating cookies
just breaking clocks so please do not
lock your your doors because you will
only make it harder for us and delay the
inevitable come alarm clock boy we have
many clocks to break many many many many
clocks to break come on oh no Marvin
they're going to break into our house
what do we do lock the door Jeffy go
lock the door I captain good thinking I
don't know how you thought of that all
right Jeffy just lock the door you can
do
this no
white which one was it okay like that
maybe like that left down right up left
down okay I think we're good all right
the door is locked think all right let's
enjoy our New
Year's look alarm clock boy the first
house our first victims on the count of
three we will bust in there break all of
their clocks and run out with pleasure
one two
three Now alarm clock boy where are the
clocks oh there's one right over here go
on give it a
whack that one's done for to the
kitchen look Clan the microwave get the
time off get the time off got
good God Almighty the stone oh
God got it that does it for this house
on to the
next hey what the [ __ ] you guys doing in
my house what's the matter is now a bad
time Hank I think they destroyed our
clocks you can destroy my clock without
the L why don't you ask the babysitter
you're probably right all right there's
your brand new smart refrigerator so
he's got the time on there it's got a
calendar you can even go on YouTube
Facebook or Instagram it's basically a
big ass iPad that keeps your food cold
dang that's fany is fun thank you so
much yeah I hope you enjoy it oh yeah I
definitely will oh YouTube no way look
alarm clock boy our next victims were
making good
time and look what you send work the
doors unlocked everyone's listening they
fear us those Mortals
look alarm clock boy the time on the
refrigerator and is that the weather it
is look clerk man this fridge even has
YouTube and Facebook and Instagram my
golly what does this fridge not do suck
my bridge suck
clockman I guess not what is this white
board I don't know look clockman you can
draw on it let's
see we'll do that
oh is that a clock I believe so well
alarm clock boy I don't want to destroy
this I want to keep it for myself you
know destroying all of the clocks in the
world is almost impossible but if we
stole all the refrigerators in the world
then only we would be able to keep
things cold and people would have to pay
us to keep their food cold clockman
there's something I need to tell you
about this idea of yours what it's
genius let's go help me with the
fridge guys guys guys the ball is about
to drop it's 2025 shh I'm going to go to
sleep baby you can't go to sleep before
the ball drops in your mouth Marvin I
all right time to drop the ball 10 9 8 7
6 5 4 4 3 hello world you're probably
wondering why your clocks aren't broken
well that's because we decided to move
on to bigger and cooler things
refrigerators and freezers if we steal
all the refrigerators in the world
you'll have to come to us to keep your
food cold then you'll have to come to me
if you want to freeze your pizzas or
your ice cream so you can call me
refrigerator man then you can call me
freezer boy and this this is Frozone to
show you how cool I am so continue to
leave your doors unlocked because we're
still coming by tonight to steal your
refrigerators and freezers come freezer
boy God not these [ __ ] again trying
to steal all the refrigerators is
impossible they're so heavy like how
would you store all of them that's so
stupid it's so dumb and we just missed
the ball drop cuz they interrupted it
happy 2025
everyone balls doesn't drop yet right
Marvin Marvin all right Frieza boy we're
back at the first house now to break in
and steal the refrigerator and freezer
now freezer boy I don't want to hurt
your feelings but I believe their
freezer is attached to the refrigerator
you've obviously never seen a deep
freezer before well if they have one of
those we'll steal that too now get ready
one two
three quick freezer boy let's steal the
refrigerator hey hey [ __ ] diads
breaking my clocks and trying to steal
my refrigerator
he
[Music]