Jeffy you're going to be late for school
baby have you seen my car keys No Marvin
looking for these daddy Jeffy give me my
car keys haha you're short give them to
me Jeffy well Jeffy spit them out spit
them out right now uh Jeffy you
swallowed my car keys well now I don't
have to go to school oh you're going to
school Jeffy Marvin why doesn't he just
take the bus it's already late he
already missed the bus well looks like I
need to stay home from school no Jeffy
because you have a car so we're going to
drive you in your car not if I can
swallow the keys first no J me
Jeffy you are going to school come on
right now oh man Jeffy get in the car
yes have to if you don't get in the car
you're grounded
a all right Jeffy put your seat belt on
can we bump some tunes so the hoose know
I'm coming seat belt now
Jesus all right Jeffy let me know when
it's safe to go I don't want to get in a
car
accident oh you're good for days
I'm in so much pain Jeffy I think my
arm's broken oh my God Marvin what
happened to you two I trusted Jeffy Oh
Daddy you totally had it you were just
too slow okay you two you're lucky to be
alive and you you should have your
driver's license revoked who pulls out
in front of cars like that my son told
me there were no cars coming and you
believed him what you couldn't take the
2 seconds to just look you know you have
mirrors for a reason you know if you had
blind spot cameras like my Hyundai
Sonata this never would have happened
listen I want to get yelled at I'm in a
lot of pain Danny you look like you hate
Towers how long is the recovery process
doctor uh him I think he'll probably be
fine just got a broken arm and a bruised
face but him oh no no this is his life
now I mean his jaw is broken his ribs
are destroyed I mean you could poke him
with a pillow and kill him his eyes kind
of hanging out and his arm has melted to
his head from the engine fire yeah he's
going to be like this forever what so he
had to live his whole life looking like
that oh yeah unless you hire me as a
plastic Sur
how much would that cost about 50 G's
what $50,000 we don't have that kind of
money can you do it like a favor no no
no no there's no pro bono surgeries here
except for the girl who came in for a
free boob job that was Pro boner so
you're going to pay me or what we don't
have that kind of money then get out of
my Hospital come on Jeffy ow ow
[Music]
ow why are you guys staring at me well
Jeffy we're just concerned cuz why do
you look like that cuz I got on your car
accident oh I'm so sorry Jeffy do you
want some of my free medium french fries
I get from McDonald's every week no I
don't think I can eat because my
esophagus is closed up all right before
we start crash today I wanted to remind
everyone that tomorrow is picture day so
make sure you look your best these
pictures are going to be in the yearbook
for years and years and you don't want
people to look back and be like damn he
ugly so any
questions yes Jeffy what's your question
I don't have a question well then don't
put your hand up if you don't have a
question put your arm down my arm is
stuck to my face cuz I got to a car
accident oh you are ugly as go to
principal's office right now you are way
too ugly for me to look at yeah bye
freak hey my arm may be stuck to my face
but I can still whoop your ass so shut
it CR if you look right that you better
do something fix yourself by tomorrow oh
man I'm in so much pain well you need to
drive more careful next time Marvin I
was driving careful Jeffy said there
were no cars coming hey Dad what Jeffy
what are you doing home so early you're
supposed to be at school the teacher
said I was too ugly to look at that's
horrible Jeffy you're still our handsome
little boy I am yes Jeffy well picture
days tomorrow oh dear God no Jeffy you
can't go to picture day looking like
that you guys just sh I was your hand a
your boy well mommy lied your face looks
really bad you look like some out of a
scary movie we need to get your face
fixed or something but Marvin it costs
$50,000 we can't afford that well maybe
the doctor will put us on a payment plan
let me just call the doctor and see what
we can do hey there you call a doctor oh
hey it's you guys you guys finally
decide to pay me for plastic surgery
well yeah kind of because tomorrow's
picture day at school oh yeah I do a lot
of business around this time people want
me to fix the ugly they call me Dr ugly
fixer cuz I fix ugly as previously
implied then why haven't you fixed the
bald spot on your
head I want to fix it but I can't afford
to pay myself damn it if I would just
lower my prices well see that's why we
called you because we can't afford you
either like your prices are just too
high and we were wondering if maybe you
could put us on a payment plan are you
are you asking if there's another way
you can pay me well is there I mean
listen No I want cash okay I don't care
what your wife will do to me wait what
yeah I I it doesn't matter cuz cash
doesn't whine and then want to be
cuddled afterward well listen we just
can't afford that price like maybe we
can pay you later right like you could
do the surgery now and then we pay you
all that money later okay but if I do
the surgery what if you move away to
like Antarctica or something and I never
see you again then I'm out $50,000 o I
got an idea what if you put a tracker in
jeffy's face like when you cut it open
to fix it you put a tracker in there so
if we don't pay you can track us down
huh okay yeah I like that I'll do the
surgery now and if you don't pay me
later I'll come back with a baseball bat
and rough you up a little bit okay all
right that sounds good uh hey you want
me to uh give your wife some bigger cans
while we're at it
Marvin no okay okay fine I'll just do
Jeffy come
on okay I'm done with the surgery is
Jeffy okay oh yeah he's never looked
better are we going to recognize him oh
yeah he's going to be the son you've
always wanted okay everybody say hello
to Jeffy donkey give me
some get out of here go you little
rascal
donkey damn ogres Jeffy can you just get
in here hey D Jeffy yep that's him what
did you do to him oh well I fixed his
teeth I made his eyes not crooked I
fixed that stupid unibrow I slicked his
hair back and I gave him some nice
clothes he also added a few extra inches
down there so now I'm rocking a full 4
in yeah I did what I could oh yeah and I
also found this in his lower intestine
those are my car keys well there they
are well Jeffy you do look really good
yep that's what I do and I also put the
tracker in his nose so if you don't pay
me I'mma get you all right champ you
have fun at picture day save some poo
poo for the rest of us so Jeffy how do
you feel I feel constipated daddy real
constipated the poop troops are stuck in
the poop
Loop well I think you look handsome
Jeffy yeah you need to get some sleep
cuz you have a big day tomorrow with
picture day I sleep in this yeah Jeffy
don't take that off you look really good
I want you to look like that in the
picture so go to bed he looks really
good wooho Jeffy looking fine like a
Sharpie thanks con but Jeffy how do you
look so good yesterday you were so ugly
and now you look so good I got plastic
surgery Junior I thought that was just
to give girls bigger boobies no they do
everything even butt oh my God Jeffy you
look so hot thanks no like you look
really hot all right calm down you need
to get Spade you're in heat all right
crass I hope everyone is ready for
picture day you wouldn't want to take an
embarrassing photo oh my God Jeffy you
look so handsome thanks teach oh my God
PJ you're so cool yeah you're C I don't
know what that means but I agree Maria
look at that boy over
[Music]
there puy let's go over there and talk
to him wait ladies where are you going
the bowl of cool SLA is right here
ladies what the that man's jacking my St
hey you're so hot see see so sexy Jeffy
give me your number ladies ladies please
I'm constipated I'm trying to poop here
give me some space bro you stole my
chicks that's not very bro likee of you
I never stole these girls they were
never yours in the first place it was
just your turn oh that's it bro I'm
going to get revenge when PJ gets
revenge things get ugly let's kiss him
ladies the diarrhea is
Flowing hey Daddy hey Jeffy how was
picture day I don't know you tell me
check it out I want handsome son of a
gun a look at my handsome baby boy be
careful with that paper Mommy it's wet
girls have been sitting on it all day so
it's saturated in fish stick juice well
you look really good Jeffy thanks
Daddy well it's time to hit the hay so
you Pooch smoochers
behave it's time for me to get some Shai
I'm tired of girls kissing on me all day
[Music]
time to die
Jeffy this will teach you for stealing
my girls hey Jeffy we
no d d d he's hideous what happened to
your face Jeffy somebody broke inside
the house and hit me in the face with
the Mallet until I was ugly again but
what happened Jeffy I literally just
said it but then how did someone beat
you in the face till your uni grew back
I don't know but they did it all right
I'm here for my money wh why do you have
a bat in case you don't pay up uh pay
pay up for what for the surgery that I
did remember to make Jeffy wait what why
is Jeffy
ugly what do you mean he's always been
ugly no no no no I I gave him plastic
surgery to make him handsome what no you
didn't what yeah I did you guys were in
a car accident and then I did surgery
and I made him handsome what but baby do
do you remember do you remember this
this doctor doing surgery um no oh wait
wait wait wait wait no no no no okay so
if you weren't in a car accident what
happened to you uh I I fell down the
stairs and and and she dropped the
toaster on my head yeah I did that
really so so there was no wait wa there
were no surgery Jeffy close your mouth
see he look look look he's always looked
like that and today was picture day so
yeah no you must have must had a bad you
must had a bad dream no no no this can't
have been a dream I remember it you guys
were in a car accident and then I did
surgery and then Trek was there yeah
this must have been a dream there's no
way Shrek would have been here that
doesn't make any sense man really this
was a dream yeah it must have been a
dream you must be getting old oh man I'm
really sorry for coming in here and
threatening you with my stolen Sammy
Sosa bat like no this is really stolen
stolen from Sammy Sosa stolen right from
his locker see his names on it it's nuts
anyway sorry oh that was a close one now
we don't have to pay him money all right
Jeffy did you learn your lesson for
today look both ways look both ways
before before crossing crossing
the street the street
[Music]