today is student awards so I'll be
handing out trophies to students who
have excelled excellently at being a
student oh oh I want a trophy the first
Trophy goes to the student with the
highest GPA in the class it's going to
be me you know like that inyc song you
know it's going to be me cuz I'm going
to win this Trophy goes to Cody oh yeah
that's right I knew it out of my way guy
with a big peen coming through all right
Cody here's your trophy oh yeah give it
to me Daddy first I'd like to thank me
for being so smart then I'd also like to
thank my boyfriend Ken for getting me
through those rough nights and I'd also
like to thank the Flying Spaghetti
Monster shout out to all my pastafarians
all right that's enough Cody go sit
down check that out Junior it's all me I
got a big brain I can give good brain
man I got a lot of brain oh I want a
trophy all right the next Trophy goes to
the coolest kid in school well well well
I wonder who that could be
PJ PJ PJ all all right calm down let's
not get cocky this trophy obviously goes
to PJ cring Shaw PA of jamy cring Shaw
Jimmy Jams cring Shaw no PJ you're so
cool well damn who could have seen that
coming here's your trophy PJ oh another
one I guess I'll just put it with the
others here ladies fight over
it I love it this last trophy is the
biggest trophy and it goes to the
quickest kid that leaves the class when
school ends there's a car on it because
you go so fast I'm always fast when I
lead the class I don't want to be here
this Trophy goes to Joseph well it makes
sense I am closest to the door guys
here's your trophy Joseph dude this is
so cool I never got a trophy before Oh
Cody my trophy is so much bigger than
yours Joseph that trophy doesn't even
make sense it's a car trophy I think
maybe he's just trying to give away old
trophies he doesn't want don't be
jealous bro this isn't fair I want a
trophy all right CR that does it for the
student awards you can go home this
isn't fair I wanted a
[Music]
trophy what's wrong Jeffy why are you
crying the the teacher was was handing
out trophies today and I didn't get a
trophy at
school what was the trophies for the
trophies were for the bestest kids in
class and I try every day to be the best
student that I can be and I didn't get
in Troy well that just means you have to
be a better student I'm going to ugly
cry and I'm never going to stop crying
until I get a
trophy Marin why don't you just go to
the store and buy him a trophy well go
buy him a trophy what's that going to
teach him to cry
more okay okay I'll go get you a damn
trophy I'll get you the biggest trophy
they have okay Jeffy I got you a trophy
Marvin this thing's huge I wish I heard
that every night Daddy you got me the
biggest trophy ever yeah cuz you're the
world's biggest crybaby sure I am Daddy
but I got to ask what sport is it for
cuz it looks like it's for snowboard
ball cuz he's standing on a snowboard
and he's holding a ball yeah Jeffy
that's the sport all right what place
did I get obviously first Jeffy look how
big it is Marvin why is it Dusty it's
like some guy's old bowling trophy I
don't know it like
$600 dadd can I enter the door and show
the person at the door my big trophy
yeah sure Jeffy just take it great hello
hey is Marvin here I need a new bowling
buddy for my bowling team cuz our third
player broke their hand and today is the
championship look at my trophy oh my God
is that a bowling trophy look at the
size of it it's gigantic you must be
great at bowling to have a trophy that
big well I have the trophy well do you
want to be on a bowling team we would
definitely win with your help sure come
on just starting right now hello and
welcome to the 25th Annual DeLuna Lan's
Bowling Championship today is going to
be a spicy matchup come on Brooklyn Guy
where are you the match is about to
start you don't have enough people looks
like you're going to have to Forfeit
yeah losers okay okay I'm here we got a
third bowler what Jeffy no way dude oh
we're going to lose no no no listen
Jeffy has the biggest bowling trophy
I've ever seen the only way he could
have a trophy that big is if he's a god
at bowling really the biggest trophy the
biggest okay I'll trust you you're going
to lose the only thing I'm going to lose
is my tampon when I sneeze it out yeah
we wi looking guy I'm kissing your wife
no you're not okay let's get started I'm
up first all all right Bowlers on your
mark get set
Bowl okay Brooklyn guy you got this you
can't lose to your own mom and
brother what what is that God come on
what is that are you kidding me oh God
this sucks you suck Brookie ew don't
spit on me you know what I'm going to
pick up this spare bet you won't take
this
mom [ __ ] oh I suck oh oh my God my third
grade math teacher was right I will
never amount to anything what the hell
was that dude I know okay don't talk to
me don't talk to me you suck Brookie
yeah well I don't suck as much as you do
with the neighbor Tommy well at least
Tommy's a real man unlike your father
hey bln guy let me show you how a real
man handles balls all right ball are you
ready to bang into those pins nice and
hard don't worry I'll be gentle ch
okay I was robbed there's no way that
this L is regulation size mom what the
hell was that Jonathan you suck just
like Brookie I'm sorry M I'll get the
next one yeah I'd like to see you try
okay Mom I won't let you
down oh man I'm so
grounded I'm sorry mother you suck ass
see that Mom he and I suck equally but
you still suck more Brookie what how we
both get nine pins let me show you
Trump's how our Pro bowls okay p PE time
to stun on them
holes a come on that was supposed to be
a strike it's okay it's okay I'm going
to get the spare oh no didn't piss P off
see man I got robbed too well I'mma
actually get my spare all right pen I'm
about to pull up my clock and B B
B okay okay that's what I'm talking
about P the go P the go y'all see that
you guys see that yeah high five No
don't touch my hand you probably rub the
balling magic off peasant hey rookie
you're about to watch your mom handle
balls and trust me these ain't the
biggest ones I've ever handled Jesus all
right you [ __ ] ass pins you're coming
home with
Mama yeah screw you pins that's what
Mama does you all get suck my ass
wrinkles you suck all of you you got a
strike M you're so good that's what I do
your mama is a pro dud we're so strong
oh no we're not cuz we got the bowl and
champ right here you did not see how big
this man's trophy was are you sure oh
I'm sure get out there Jeffy do what you
do oh we're going to win are you sure
dude oh I am positive you did not see
how massive his bowling trophy was how
confident are you I'll show you how
confident I am hey Ma what do you want
rookie I bet you every dollar in my bank
account that Jeffy gets a strike you're
on rookie are you sure yes I'm sure you
did not see how gigantic this bowling
trophy was you know what Ma I bet you my
entire house we win this bowling
tournament Bo you can't BET our house
dude you're crazy guys don't worry this
bowling trophy was
gigantic just don't worry watch Jeffy
Bowl St moving your [ __ ] out rookie that
doesn't count cuz he he didn't hit any
pins so I'm just going to go see what
the hell this problem is what the hell
are you doing bowling okay well stop
bowling and start bowling come on okay
I'm assuming your hand got stuck and
that's why whatever the hell that was
just happening yeah okay I need you to
get a strike this time on it
what what what the hell is that honestly
I don't know what the [ __ ] I'm doing
what why do you have a giant bowling
trophy then cuz my daddy bought it for
me one time when I cried what are you
kidding me no so you don't know how to
bowl what's Bowl oh my God I am so
screwed hey n oh hey Jeffy where'd you
go we were looking everywhere for you we
found your trophy downstairs so we
brought it back up here I went and lost
to bowling tournament what hey hey you
hey what's this about huh what's it
about what this the trophy the giant
trophy what's it about oh well Jeffy
school was giving out Awards and he
didn't get a trophy and he was crying so
I bought him the trophy that that is
that is [ __ ] up that is [ __ ] up that
you can just do that that should be
illegal what are you talking about this
bowling trophy cost me everything I have
how well you see I was in a bowling
tournament and we needed a third player
and I saw jeffy's giant Trophy and said
oh he must be a bowling God they
wouldn't give a trophy this big to
somebody who sucks at bowling and then
it turns out he's never played a goddamn
game in his life what's a bowling see
see that that is [ __ ] up that is
[ __ ] up that someone like him can have
a trophy this pig well the trophy
doesn't mean he's good at bowling that's
exactly what it means that's what
trophies are for to show that you're
good at something that you actually won
wait so you lost everything everything I
lost my house I lost my money I lost my
wife although I'm not really that
worried about that one but I'm still
pretty pissed well how did you lose like
who'd you bet it against well I bet it
against my mom because I said we would
win that tournament and guess what we
did not win that tournament and I lost
everything what would make you think you
were going to win that tournament well
because of the trophy you know the giant
trophy I mean hey if I was walking
around with the lightsaber you would
think I was a Jedi right yeah no no no
this is just this is just a lightsaber I
bought at Target it's not real you silly
you thought I was a Jedi ha you're
stupid okay listen um what do you want
us to do about it I want the I want you
to make this right I'm I'm so I'm so mad
how can I make it right well I I just I
just you should this should this should
be gone you should burn this this is
[ __ ] this is all [ __ ] will that
give you your house back no it won't but
it'll make me feel better cuz I'm just
so pissed off is this the most pissed
you've ever been this is yes this is the
most mad I've ever been about bowling
actually no this is the second most mad
I've ever been about bowling what's
what's the first most mad you ever been
about bowling Billy bowling hands Billy
bowling hands yes I will tell you why
I'm so mad about Billy bowling hands
that smug bastard okay so when I was in
high school I was in a bowling league
right and I was the best bowler I mean I
was a god of bowling I was bowling
nothing but strikes all the girls were
going goooo Gaga over me it was awesome
but then Here Comes Billy bowling hands
see he lost both his hands in a train
accident when he was younger and got him
replaced with bowling balls now at first
I thought well that's stupid I mean how
is he going to like eat and drive and
stuff but no it turns out that actually
made him extremely good at bowling cuz
all he had to do was throw his body down
the lane and Riot his bowling ball hands
into the pins so I was thinking that
can't be that can't be legal he he can't
be allowed to do that so then I look it
up into the rule book and yes you can do
that as long as your hands are bowling
balls so then he becomes the best bowler
in the school he's winning tournament
after tournament trophy after trophy
he's bowling strike after strike all the
girls are leaving me and they're going
to him because he's also jacked because
bowling balls are really heavy they're
like 25 lbs each so I just decided to
quit bowling cuz I can't compete with
Billy bowling hands so then I decide to
take up boxing you know that seems
pretty manly I can do that but then he
starts boxing too and after one round he
punches all my teeth out with his
bowling ball hands that's why I don't
have teeth anymore and I'm like that
can't be allowed he has bowling balls
for hands his hands don't even fit
inside the gloves so I quit that and
then I start doing everything else and
everything I join he joins too all the
things you'd think you wouldn't be able
to do with bowling ball hands he did
like Billy bowling volleyball hands and
Billy bowling basketball hands and Billy
bowling bad Mitten hands and Billy
bowling Future Farmers of America hands
everything everything I joined he joined
and did it better with his bowling ball
hands so then I decided to join the swim
team and then he joined the swim team
and I challenged him to a swimming
competition and he drowned because his
big bowling ball hands weighed him down
to the bottom of the pool and nobody
could get him out so I'm thinking great
I'm finally rid of Billy bowling hands
he's dead but no they decided to name
the entire school after him Billy
bowling hands Memorial High School and
they even named the bowling alley after
him Billy Billy bowling hands Memorial
Bowling Alley Bar and Grill and then all
the girls around the school were crying
because Billy bowling hands was dead and
they were mad at me because they thought
I was the reason he died I'm like it's
not my fault it's him and his stupid
bowling hands but bowling ball hands you
get it but ever since then I swore that
I would never Bowl again until today and
boy was that a mistake because I lost
everything oh man that's such a sad
story yeah it is and you know what else
is sad what me losing everything I have
well listen I'm really sorry about the
confusion with the bowling trophy that
wasn't supped to happen I feel like we
should make it up to you yes you should
okay look you can stay here as long as
you want till you get back on your feet
I don't have feet maybe if I replac him
with bowling balls everyone would love
me Brookie bowling feet that'd be me you
don't have to do that they cheated they
cheated what yeah they cheated your
mother tested positive for steroids yeah
and I would have gotten away with it too
if it wasn't for you metal and Drug
testers wait if they cheated that means
we won the bowling tournament and that
means I don't lose my house I mean I
still lose all my money because I bet
that Jeffy would get a strike and he
didn't but I don't lose my house hey
Lance take my mad eyes
off yay I'm happy again and I still have
my house which means my wife will come
back although I might wait a while
before I tell her about that wait so you
got everything back yeah I think so oh
that's so awesome I'm so happy for you
you know you deserve to keep all your
stuff out all the sad things you've been
through yeah but seriously though you
need to get rid of that trophy I don't
want you pulling this kind of [ __ ] ever
again got it okay I will get rid of it
right now
good [ __ ]
[Music]
he
[Music]