so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude you want to play basketball no
Joseph you have an unfair Advantage at
basketball because the way you look wait
what's that supposed to mean dude
because you have a basketball on your
shirt obviously that means you're good
at basketball oh yeah you right you
right are you guys want to play football
we could play no tackle you know
two-hand touch but we can only grab each
other's butts or we could play by Tom
Brady's rules and kiss each other in the
mouth dude it's too hot to play football
outside okay well we could play naked
and still tackle how about we play
baseball
no Junior come on you know no one likes
baseball dude so what are we gonna play
uh we could play tennis that sounds kind
of like penis and I like that no we
can't fight tennis Cody we need four
people we only have three people and
it's hot outside hey guys you want me to
play hockey what the puck [ __ ] yeah yeah
let's [ __ ] play some hockey [ __ ] yeah
we're already better at hockey to you
Joseph no wait no you're not dude yes I
am I'm gonna be better at you than
hockey you might be good at basketball
but I'm way better than your hockey at
all sports you should know this by now
come on okay well then we can't be on
the same team because I'm gonna show you
how better I am in the youth well I want
Jeffy on my team yay I finally didn't
get picked last okay Cody you're on my
team okay yeah let's play some hockey
buddy are you gonna be good no I'm
terrible at sports oh please don't suck
okay okay YouTube I want a very dirty
and unfair game okay I want there to be
a lot of fighting I wanted to be more
fighting than there is hockey got it oh
I'm gonna beat you up Joseph oh I'm
gonna beat you up dude okay your team's
ready Cody are you ready uh yeah I'm
ready Jeffy are you ready dude yeah I'm
ready all right first of four wins play
hockey
yeah hi blew it that's what I'm talking
about bro that's what I'm talking about
where's the defense where's the
defensive trash we got my ice [ __ ] Cody
what was that I'm sorry Junior it just
came at me so fast I didn't want it to
knock my teeth out you can't knock your
teeth out you're wearing a face mask
Cody well look I'm good at things coming
on me but not coming at me do not let
another Puck score all night okay okay
Joseph why are you so good at hockey
Cody what was that uh junior just is
correct dude I think we should just
forfeit no we're only down two we can
come back but do you know how hard it is
to score points in hockey look we're
gonna come back just block every Puck
will you go
oh dude
way to go Jeffy nice safe nice day
thanks JoJo Joseph that doesn't fail his
body's the size of the goal I don't care
you told
you oh
Julia your name must be Alice I'm about
to take your ass to Wonderland
oh man I gotta charge up for this one
comment
s
oh geez oh oh my last name is Gretzky
Joseph Gretzky don't forget it Punk Cody
why didn't you block it Junior it was
going so fast it was like the speed of
light that was impossible come on Cody
you're the goal of your job is to block
it I couldn't do that Junior all right
Cody we're down 3-0 we're never gonna
come back yeah I know I've been telling
you this there's only one way we can
come back and that I need you to go
distract Jeffy so the goal is at least a
little bit open and then I can shoot a
few shots and maybe we can come back but
then our goal is going to be open it's
already wide open all the time because
you're not doing anything Cody okay fine
I'll distract Jeffy come on oh man how
I'm gonna get around Joseph oh there's
no way you're gonna score on me punk uh
Joseph look at the crowd a family
wanting to adopt a black kid
hey Jeffy what are you doing being a
goalie my job is easy as [ __ ] all I
gotta do is lay here oh well there's
snow cones over there snow cones really
yeah follow me
[Applause]
[ __ ] damn it Cody didn't get to move his
helmet
no way dude you can't kick the puck in
that's a penalty no that's a point
because your guy left his helmet and
that's a penalty you know what we're
gonna give it to you he will give it to
you three to one you're not coming back
oh we're gonna come back hey what can I
get you can I get a snow cone he said
there's snow cones here uh no this is
Hot Spot barbecue we don't do anything
cold you lied to me
Jeffy dude what happened Cody told me
there were snow cones I I thought they
were snow cones so you're trying to
distract my boy
my gold oh I could we got a point what
we did yeah we're only down by two so
that's what I need you to do I need to
go beat up Jeffy and knock him out and
then I'll knock out Joseph and then we
get another Point okay uh okay yeah
fighting's okay you're allowed to fight
in hockey so go do it um oh not cool bro
lying about a family that wanted me got
my hopes up and [ __ ] well I'm sorry
about that Joseph but wait they let
butterflies in here oh butterflies
uh how am I gonna do this
um
but okay
okay this isn't working hey Jeffy oh
yeah we gotta go
dang it Jeffy what are you doing you
letting them score he distracted me oh
look I'm gonna be the goalie okay you go
out there and just beat him up all you
gotta do is beat him up they're gonna
fold okay oh my God Cody we're only down
by one point if we get the puck back we
can tie it so make sure you block every
shot but Junior I suck I suck wieners
wieners Junior wieners oh wait listen
how about I be the goalie and you go try
to stop Jeffy Jenny do you not
understand that I suck wieners listen
look I'm gonna be the goalie just try to
get the puck back and we both can try to
score okay okay
uh hey you you give me that puck
[Applause]
that's what I'm talking about Jeffy
that's what I'm talking about talking
about put his ass on the ground
oh Jesus Christ I have to stop him
come on Junior you can stop him
yay that's game Jeffy and the kid in the
green wins
wait wait
good game bro for people who suck we
don't suck you guys cheated how did we
feed because you beat us up no we play
like real men you know Junior we tried
to cheat too but you guys suck so bad we
beat you if we played again
oh I'm in so much pain my face hurts so
bad sorry we lost Junior but we were
making one hell of a comeback oh Cody
broken bones are temporary that loss is
Gonna Last Forever yeah I know but we
still need three more minutes Junior
what are we gonna do I don't know how
we're gonna milk time huh I feel a song
coming on
and bad at hockey yes I am yes I am I'm
in so much [ __ ] pain at least I
didn't injure my brain no I didn't cause
I'm bad at her game cause you're so low
okay I need you to put a kazoo in my
mouth uh let me look for one
okay
hold on it was it's backwards it'll
still work it's just not as
Genie this is a [ __ ] show open your
mouth I'm trying my jaw is wired shut
you know what this isn't gonna work
you're right oh no Junior I just
remembered this cool dances tonight and
I promise to take Jenny wobble these and
help her stand what the school band is
tonight yeah what's Jenny want what he's
gonna do you can't take her to the dance
like this I don't know Junior
whoa hey Cody are you ready to take me
to the dance tonight why is she walking
like that Cody Junior you know she has
legs like a newborn baby deer sorry
Jenny wobble knees I I can't take you to
the dance I got injured playing hockey
well who's gonna me up at the dance
tonight so I don't fall over I guess
you're just gonna have to get crutches
or a cane oh okay
I feel so bad it looks like she's always
dancing though what time we had Junior
uh I think we need like another another
minute oh no Junior we forgot to sell
all of this tuna fish for tuna fish
Terry oh yeah tuna fish Terry we're
supposed to go door to door and sell all
his tuna fish yeah for his campaign for
mayor yeah oh he's gonna be so mad
because we forgot to sell it because we
were too busy trying to play hockey oh a
tuna fish Terry's gonna be so mad hey
you boys
yeah no no sorry tuna fish Terry we
didn't sell all your tuna look at Birds
damn my big big what are you doing all
day knocked out of my big fish I'm sorry
we decided to play hockey instead and we
got injured he's playing that damn
hockey sport I told you that my dude be
dropping me I'm so sorry I guess you're
not gonna be a mayor tuna fish Terry oh
baby you're not done you ain't got my
poopy
we tried selling it
you broke down my business
wait Joseph hasn't bragged about winning
yet it should be a good time for that
what's up losers how's the injuries and
how does it feel to lose to a God we're
in so much pain yeah but what hurts
worse is I was supposed to take Jenny
wobble needs to the school dance and we
didn't sell all that tuna fish for tuna
fish Terry oh man I forgot about that
how could I forget and now tuna fish
Terry's not gonna win School mayor but
but
damn it if only tuna fish Terry had come
a few minutes later oh man what are we
gonna do I was promised tuna fish up to
my ears and I know she tuna fish my
camels only eat the tuna fish I'm sorry
prince of Dubai we don't have your tuna
tuna fish Terry already took it and we
don't have the number for tuna fish
Terry
oh now we pissed off the prince of Dubai
we made his camel starve Jenny wobble
and he's falling at the dance and tuna
fish Terry's not winning mayor
you one more time
you missed the defense of Dubai you're
just here
ain't nobody
I what
[Music]