all right crra today is the last day of
school before Christmas break so we're
going to have a free day today we got a
free day no work oh hell yeah dude uh
you spelled break wrong no I didn't
that's how you spell break it's spelled
b r e a k that's how you spell break if
you broke something this is how you
spell break if something is stopping
like how a car uses its breaks to stop
this is a Christmas break because we are
stopping school for your Christmas
vacation that's not how that works but
okay I'm the teacher Cody not you the
teacher is always right but you're wrong
all right CR that's it since Cody want
to be a smart ass you're going to have
homework over Christmas break I'm going
to go prepare a packet good going for
eyes yeah you flipping nerd sorry guys
whenever someone makes a spelling
mistake I have to just keep pushing and
pushing until it ruins everyone's day I
freaking hate you Cody freaking frecker
I want to freak your mom so helpie what
do you want to do during Christmas break
other than a [ __ ] ton of homework sorry
well Junior I was really hoping we could
spend time together together on
Christmas day oh well do you like want a
Christmas gift or something cuz I
haven't got you anything yeah I want a
Christmas present I got you something
Junior Christmas is in less than a week
well the stores are still open so I can
go get you a gift today what do you want
I really want something but it's really
expensive what is it a hariry poop on
necklace hariry poop on what the [ __ ]
you think my [ __ ] rich rich what's a
hariry poop on necklace Junior hary poop
on is the most name brand showoff
expensive necklace there is all the
white girls want one yep well how
expensive is it well funky rap terms
[ __ ] about a band or two sounds about
right Lil Wayne did say I'm richer than
a [ __ ] without the Harry poop H yeah he
did say that little Wayne does love
hairy poop on necklaces $1 to $2,000 for
a necklace you don't have to get it for
me but I really want it and and think
about this junior if you got me
something like that I could like never
break up with you cuz what other
boyfriend could get me something like
that H I mean you could never break up
with me if I got it for you it's like an
investment that's so much homework thank
thanks Cody sorry I threw my [ __ ] away
dude I'm not doing homework on Christmas
I'm already on Christmas break you're
right I'm look at these hairy poop on
necklaces ah Junior you're not actually
going to buy one of those are you I
might get her one of the cheap ones like
look this one's only $930 dude you can't
see that Pebble it's so small she's not
going to like that well how about I get
her the $2,500 one how are you going to
even afford that I was thinking I could
steal my Dad's credit card and buy the
necklace and hopefully he doesn't see
the charge until after I give her the
necklace but but by that time she'll be
my property Junior you're not going to
own her just because you bought her a
necklace she said if I buy her this
necklace she'll never leave me dude
she's not an indenter servant yeah she
can say anything it doesn't mean it's
true she could still leave you well I'll
tell her look I'll only give you this
necklace if you sign this contract
saying I own you okay well even if she
agreed to do that it's not legal to own
a person well what stupid idiot would
make that rule Abraham Lincoln why'd he
do
that oh I guess he made a good decision
I I guess what do you mean I guess we
just guessing now look let's just go
back to the hairy poop on so if I buy
her this necklace it would be stupid cuz
she could just leave me anyway yes okay
so then I should test her loyalty before
I spend so much money on a Christmas
gift what how you going to do that I'll
hire a really hot guy to ask Penelope
for a number and if she gives her number
she's a cheating [ __ ] and I won't give
her the necklace oo I like this plan
dude I don't know this doesn't seem fair
to Penelope not fair if she gives her
number she's a cheater if she says I
have a boyfriend then she's loyal what's
not fair about it well what if she gives
him a fake number that's still cheating
because you're entertaining it yeah of
course if she gives the guy a fake
number the guy might think she made a
mistake and said oh she got a number
wrong she really was into me she saw my
my weener imprint my pants she liked it
yeah that doesn't seem like cheating to
me if a girl asked me for my number I
would say I have a girlfriend I'm loyal
go away cuz that's my boy he loyal mhm
Junior you would not say that well
that's because we're dogs you know we're
just trying to get our next bone yeah
yeah if a girl asks for our number we're
going to say yes especially if it's a 10
out of 10 Coke bottle shaped ass busting
out the frames type [ __ ] well that's
why it doesn't seem fair to Penelope
because you're getting a 10 out of 10
guy to ask her well girl should stay
loyal Cody so so I think I should do
this I'm going to hire a really hot guy
to see if she'll give her number away
okay well who are you going to hire a
dude I know the perfect guy my homeboy
Stanley man he pulls all the hoes he has
seven on his roster right now is he hot
bro he [ __ ] keeps his dick wet I'm
telling you smooth as butter real player
made ass [ __ ] look we went to a party
one time and I had this girl she was 11
out of 10 bro she was really feeling me
hot as hell but then I walked away to
get a drink next thing you know she's
upstairs with Stanley getting it on you
can't leave him alone with a girl for
longer than 30 seconds bro yeah he picks
Pocket [ __ ] has slight of hand proo oh
Juggernog bro he has every perk
available wait why have I never heard of
this guy cuz he likes vagina Cody not
penis look I'm going to go and get him
real quick uh junior aren't you a little
worried about Stanley he seems a little
overqualified for this job he might
actually steal your girlfriend well
that's what I want I want a guy so hot
that she would cheat so I know not to
buy her this necklace but I don't think
it's just going to be a job for him
here's my man Stan Lee Stan Lee is Dead
Oh you mean Stanley hey Stanley we've
heard so much about you and your penis
what's up guys where are the women at
That's my boy man he stay on the prow he
can't be stopped that's him oh yes he is
him himothy Mr metal detected dick
looking for the hoes so Stanley I like
your shirt thank you it stands for
equality which means any girl can get it
I like fat Asians lardy Latinas obese
white women and big booty black [ __ ]
all of the above my boy well I have a
job for you Stanley and it includes
women so don't be nervous okay what is
it so I have this girlfriend and I want
to see if she would cheat on me so I
want you to go up to her and ask for her
number and if she gives you her number
then I know to break up with her okay
can I Pap I mean you can do whatever you
want I just want to see if she'll cheat
on me oh I guarantee she'll cheat yeah
my boy guarantees it isn't the fine
print yeah so where is she okay so
here's the plan I was going to call her
and tell her to come over here and tell
her I was hanging out with you and then
I was going to go use the bathroom and
then while you're alone with her on the
couch that's when you ask for her number
okay all right so Cody Joseph you hide
behind the couch okay I got you bro I'm
going to call Penelope so Penelope meet
my new friend Stanley what up hi oh man
my stomach hurts I got to go use the
bathroom I'm going to leave you two
alone you would never cheat on me right
no Junior I'll be right back so how's it
going good just hanging out all right I
only have a shirt on wait do you have a
mustache yeah I'm not wearing any
underwear how old are you 15 you should
totally lift up my shirt how do you know
Junior today what that doesn't answer my
question you're really pretty can I get
your number no I'm not comfortable with
that H she must have put up some sort of
dumb [ __ ] force field that prevents me
from getting your number I can hear you
time to go to plan B do you like oranges
yeah my balls are the size of oranges
you should totally squeeze them okay you
need a leave well I got seven other
women that would totally be happy to
squeeze them and five of their hands are
on my shirt right now great well go call
them go you know what I think I might oh
weirdo so Penelope when Stanley asked
for your number what did you say I told
him no but Junior how did you know he
was going to ask for my number uh I
didn't guys you can come out now why are
your friends hiding behind the couch we
were playing hide-and seek I just gave
up so Cody when Stanley asked penel
before her number what' she say well she
said no did she say she had a boyfriend
not exactly did she say she had a
boyfriend no we have to break up Junior
he's your friend he should know I'm your
girlfriend if a guy ask for your number
you're supposed to say no I have a
boyfriend go away you invited me over
and before you walked away you asked if
I would ever cheat on you right in front
of him and I said no h okay go to your
house let me think about it guys did she
seem interested when Stanley was talking
to her no not at all yeah something was
off about her she seemed weird yeah it
might have been a pH balance or
something you said Stanley pulls hose I
mean he usually does he has like a 99%
return rate on him guys I think maybe
there's just something wrong about
Stanley I mean it seems like maybe he
only likes fat girls huh what makes you
say that well he only mentioned fat
girls and it seems like that's the only
way a guy as weird as him could get that
many girls I ain't going to let you talk
bad about my homeboy like that yeah
obviously Stanley gets hot girls because
Joseph said he stole his 11 out of 10
hot girl yeah I mean I did say she was
bad and I meant like 11 out of 10 on the
fat scale that [ __ ] was huge a brick
house I'm talking about bad cholesterol
goddamn look any day she could eat a
Debbie cake and be in the grave I'm
talking about heavy breathing all that
[ __ ] woo yeah she was fat as hell well I
guess that anwers her question Junior I
don't think Stanley was a good enough
test to see if she would cheat we need
to get a rich guy cuz girls will cheat
for money so we have to get a rich guy
to come up and offer her money to cheat
like a prostitute no no no no like we
need a guy to come up to her and say
you're the type of girl that needs to
wake up on a yacht every morning then
boom give her $1,000 see if she cheats
it doesn't seem fair to use money no if
she's going to leave me over money then
I don't want to be with her at all
Junior it really seems like you want her
to cheat on you yes I want her to cheat
because I can't afford that necklace so
let me go call Richard you know our Rich
friend what do you poor kids want well
Richard you have a lot of money right
yeah my name's Richard not portrait I'm
rich okay so I have this girlfriend and
I want to see if she would cheat on me
if you gave her money well of course
she'll cheat on you if I give her money
she's a woman she loves money okay so
here's what I think you should do I
think you should go up to her and say
hey baby I'll give you $11,000 you make
out with me right now or I could do this
I have an even better idea Cody pick a
number between 1 and 10,000 well I got
to go with my favorite number five okay
all right check your phone okay well you
just Apple paid me $5 oh [ __ ] I I mean I
mean my favorite number is 5,000 that's
what I meant too late God damn it I
didn't know money was involved [ __ ] but
yeah go up to her and do that well I'm
not going to just give her free money if
you want me to do it you can give me the
money and I'll do it I don't have any
money though all right well then no deal
oh okay I got an idea there's this
really expensive necklace that she wants
so I can go steal my Dad's credit card
buy the necklace give it to you and you
can give her the necklace to see if she
would cheat on me okay okay let me go
get my dad's credit card and buy but
Junior okay I just got back from the
Harry poon store this necklace was like
3,000
my dad's going to beat me up when he
sees his credit card statement so here's
what's going to happen I'm going call
Penelope over I'm going to leave her
alone on the couch and you're going to
walk up to her and say hey I just bought
you this hairy poop on necklace make out
with me and see what she does okay all
right Cody Joseph you hide behind the
couch and you you take this all right
Penelope just sit right there Junior
what's going on I have to use the
bathroom my stomach hurts again hey hi I
got you this necklace from Harry poon oh
my god really yeah it's all yours oh my
God thank you so much it's so beautiful
yeah you want to make out no you don't
want to tongue my hairy mustache ew no
go away oh fine poor creep okay Penelope
I'm back wait a minute where'd you get
that necklace from oh my God Junior this
weird kid with a mustache gave me this
hairy Pon necklace and then he asked to
make out with me and I told him to leave
you accepted a necklace from another man
where breaking up no Junior this is
great because now you don't have to give
me this necklace anymore but I got you
that necklace no you didn't Junior that
creepy kid did no I did Cody get in here
yeah Junior I was going to warn you if
you're going to get her the necklace you
should just give it to her yourself now
she thinks another guy gave it to her
well tell her I got it for yeah Penelope
he bought you that necklace for the
other kid to give you this was just
another test to see if You' cheat what
well I think you're going to cheat on me
so I hired two guys to see if you cheat
on me and you didn't well I didn't so
now what well now you have the hariry
poop on necklace oh my god really junior
thank you so so so so much I'm never
ever ever ever going to bring up with
you so does that mean I own her now no
junior junior beat your goddamn ass
looking B oh man my dad sounds pissed uh
Santa Claus all I want for Christmas is
my dad not to beat my ass Junior you R A
charges on my credit card oh I'm a beat
your ass no someone save
me Santa Claus I asked Santa Claus the
only thing I wanted for Christmas for
you not to beat my ass oh man I guess I
can't do it now but I can $33,000 on a
necklace I'm going to beat your ass red
like my rosy cheek beat his ass beat his
ass
[Music]