so guys what do you want to do today
dude something's wrong with my phone
Joseph what' you do to it I just dropped
it one or two times one or two times
yeah what's wrong with it dude hey guys
look at there the news is
on breaking news K the car that Tupac
Shakur was shot in was sold for $1.2
million damn rip Tupac yeah Rest in
paradise big homie wait a minute wait a
minute guys that car sold for 1.2
million just cuz that guy got killed in
it that guy Junior that guy is Pac yeah
Mr all eyeses on me yeah double Pac
throw your twos up not your shoes up
[ __ ] yeah Cody knows what I'm talking
about [ __ ] I got to pour one out for a
homie yeah this one's for Pac and this
one's for Biggie and this one's for XXX
yeah juice world and nipy hustle and
Magnolia Shorty and Lil Snoop Old Dirty
Bastard and bangr fresh oh and DMX and
pop smoke and King vaugh and young Dolph
oh and I can't forget off that one hit
home and PeeWee Herman I mean I know he
wasn't a rapper but damn I'll pour this
whole thing out for Peewee go go get a
towel and clean that up sorry Junior
it's just a lot of dead homies water
everywhere all right Junior I cleaned it
up respect Cody [ __ ] you ain't got to
tell me nothing I lived it I bend it
guys I still can't believe that car sold
for over a million dollars just because
Tupac died in it well yeah Junior it's a
piece of hip-hop history yeah he's
famous dude wait a minute guys I just
got an idea what if we go buy a really
cheap car and then we get a celebrity to
die in it and we can sell it for
millions of dollarss that's a genius
idea why did I think of that Junior I
think that might be the stupidest
[ __ ] thing I've ever heard you say
you're only saying that Cody cuz you
didn't think of it first no I'm saying
that because it's stupid how is it
stupid okay let me walk you through it
you want us a bunch of kids to buy a car
which we can't afford and then get a
celebrity who we don't know to get in
the car and then we murder them I never
said murder did I say murder Joseph no I
didn't hear murder dude Cody we're not
going to murder the celebrity the
celebrity is going to die of natural
causes we do nothing wrong well how are
we going to get them to die of natural
causes we get a very old celebrity okay
let me go back through it again you want
us to buy a car which we can't afford
and then get a very old celebrity we
don't know to get in the car and then
just hope that they die of natural
causes yes that's going to happen and
here's how it's going to happen we're
going to use jeffy's car we don't have
to buy one we can already use jeffy's
car okay Jeffy get in here hey Junior
you call me yeah Jeffy can we use your
car to make millions of dollars sure
just don't waste my gas thanks Jeffy yep
see Cody look we already got the car so
we're halfway with the plan now we have
to do the hard part of getting an old
celebrity who's close to death let's
start naming off old celebrities uh Bill
NY the science guy he's too smart
Michael Jordan oh yeah Michael Jordan I
mean I guess he is old yeah and he's
worth billions of dollars so if he died
then we'd get trillions of dollars can
we even get Michael Jordan no yeah how
about Dr Phil what do you know Dr Phil
no but we could call his show and say
hey we have a kid in our car who needs
therapy and he'll run and get in the car
yeah he likes helping kids dude usually
the kids come to him on his show okay
well it doesn't have to be an old
celebrity we can do a young celebrity
well that's even harder because how are
they going to die of natural causes this
is what we're going to do we're going to
go find a young celebrity put them in
the car then we're going to go call
someone that we know that hates that
celebrity and say hey look don't you
hate this celebrity we know where that
celebrity is so if you possibly want to
kill them they're parked right here well
Junior now we're back to our original
problem of how are we going to get a
young celebrity okay has any of us ever
met a celebrity well I met Britney
Spears you met Britney Spears yeah no
you haven't yes I did I have a poster
I'll show you see you guys look this is
my poster of her and she signed it and I
have this Barbie of her so you really
met her yeah do you have a picture no
she's afraid of photos because she's
afraid her Soul's going to get trapped
in the picture but still it's Britney
[ __ ] it's Brittney
bit it's Brit it's Britney [ __ ] okay so
can you call her over and tell her to
get our car I don't know her Junior I'm
just a fan of hers and I definitely
can't convince her to die in a car
Junior what do you want Dad shut up I
need to watch Charlie and friends in
here my TV is broken but Dad we're
plotting and scheming look you can plot
and scheme another time I need to watch
this new episode of Charlie and
friends Charlie and friends was filmed
in front of a live
audience man oh hi guys I'm
Charlie and today I'mma shoot some
hoops that hoops
[Laughter]
oh man Charlie you're so hilarious I
hope you never die oh shfp come here
what do you want Braxton I need you to
get me some chips and dip I'm starving
well I don't want to get any chips and
dip for you go give me some chips and
dip right now God Cody I have an idea
follow me to my room whisper this to
Joseph okay Joseph Junior has an idea
let's follow him to his room what's up
Junior okay I officially know what
celebrity we're going to have die in
that car who oh damn give me some space
Cody yeah dud get on his face God give
him 50 ft [ __ ] what he said he knew back
up okay Charlie from Charlie and friends
well I mean I guess that would be easier
but he's still pretty young how are we
going to get him to die of natural
causes so this is my foolproof plan so
you are going to call Charlie's manager
and say that Charlie got nominated for
an award at the funny Awards what are
the funny Awards some madeup award show
that doesn't exist but he's going to
want to go get that award so you're
going to pull up in front of his house
and say that you're his driver he's
going to get in your car and then sh
peep going to shoot Charlie why would he
do that because have you seen how my dad
treats Chef peipe when he's watching
Charlie so Chef peip hates Charlie
because if Charlie was dead there
wouldn't be any more episodes my dad
wouldn't watch TV anymore my dad would
go get a job and Chef PE would be free
that actually made sense yeah so are we
all in uh dude this say like a foolproof
plan I'm really feeling it oh man I love
the energy but uh I'm out dude like I'm
not feeling like going to jail today you
know so I'm out of here I respect it
Joseph wait what the hell can I be out
too no only one friend could be out and
he was out first what nobody told told
me that I'm going to be out every time
now no whoever says out first is the one
who gets to be out so now you're still
in okay fine okay so I'm going to go
convince Chef peee to kill Charlie and I
need you to call the manager well how am
I going to get his number just Google it
ooh I'm Bron I just got to have some
chips and dip how about some chips and
spit yeah oh you know what I'mma stick
my wiener in it yeah yeah taste that how
about some peee wiener I'm going to take
the chips and dip up there to him and
say Here's your peee wiener he's going
to be like what and I'm say oh nothing
walk away laughing yeah peee Wier eater
it's such a freak Chef be what do you
want junior I'm trying to make your dad
some peee wiener what uh nothing never
mind what are you here for so do you
ever hate working for my dad of course
you know that that's why I'm making pee
PE weer right now so what if I told you
if you killed Charlie from Charlie and
friends my dad would never watch TV
anymore cuz there would be no more
episodes of Charlie and friends and then
you would be free that is a genius idea
oh my God I should have thought of that
a long time ago but I know I don't know
where Charlie is Junior so I can't kill
him he could be anywhere on this planet
right now what if I told you I know
exactly where he's going to be wait
really how do you know that because I
have a friend of a friend who's friends
with him so let me just tell you
something Charlie's going to be parked
in a car that says Jeffy on the side at
2:00 p.m. tomorrow outside a house okay
okay so just drive by MH you know and if
you want to you could possibly you know
kill him okay Bet oh say less I got this
I can handle this he's dead me I'm not
telling you to kill him that's it's
completely on you okay I think I have
the right number hello this is Charlie's
agent Steve stalberger oh hey uh this is
Jack miof well Mr miof what can I do for
you well actually just call me jack off
that's what everybody else seems to do
I'm with the funny Awards and Charlie's
been nominated for a funny award for
being so funny well he gets plenty of
those yeah so uh the award show is
tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. so we're going to
send a car over to come and get him okay
sounds good I'll text you as address
okay thank you wow that was really easy
okay Cody Chef peip said he's going to
try to kill Charlie yeah and I got
Charlie's address you got the address
okay so text the address to Chef peee so
he gets the right house okay and also go
pick up Charlie at 2 p.m. well I have to
pick him up yes Cody what why can't you
pick him up because I'm the brains of
this operation Cody does the brains go
everywhere the legs go yes well not on
this body the legs are chopped off so
you're going to go pick up Charlie at 2:
p.m. well I don't want to get in trouble
wear a disguise okay
okay Junior I'm at the house now what
honk your horn okay now what hang up
your phone drivers aren't supposed to be
on their phone okay fine but honk the
horn one more time after you hang up
bsing me
around hi guys I'm
Charlie and what's that noise I hear oh
it's a honk it must be my driver man
he's driving me crazy who the hell is he
talking to is he talking to me me oh man
let's go to the
car Wait Now how do I open this
thing
no sir it's unlocked oh I didn't see the
button right here silly me
hey buddy what's your name uh I'm Cody
I'm your driver hi Cody I'm Charlie
where is that laughing coming from oh
those are my friends I have
schizophrenia oh okay that's good to
know well uh listen Charlie I'm taking
you to the funny Awards oh that's pretty
cool I have heard I'm a funny guy yeah
yeah so actually you know what I forgot
my wallet at home so I'm going to go run
and grab that real quick you just stay
in the car okay I'll be right
here uh sorry I have to turn the car off
uh it's going to get hot in here uh well
I'm sorry but I have to save gas M I
understand gas prices have gone up yeah
yeah they have okay Junior he's in the
car and I'm making my way to the bushes
when is Chef P be coming to you know do
it uh he said he's on his way right now
okay
[Music]
good all right PE what L we in the DAT
so we got to get this fool named Charlie
he's in the car that says Jeffy on the
side of it but he about to be a stay on
the pavement stay on the pavement wait
wait does that car say Jeffy on the side
of it pull up pull
up jeffy's going to go cut me some grass
oh it do say Jeffy on the side of it oh
that's our Target nighty night [ __ ]
what do you say young go
ho drive drive drive [ __ ] Drive I
killed that [ __ ] what I shot that hole
what wait wait Junior's calling me what
hello Junior what what do you want uh is
Charlie dead I CLI that fool so he's
dead yes I unloaded multiple rounds in
him yes he's dead okay thank you Chef
peipi you're welcome yeah I clipp that
fool what I shot that
ho hello okay shf peipi said he just did
it what he just he said he clipped that
fool well he must have clipped a
different fool because it didn't happen
here Cody go check on Charlie he got
shot he did not get shot I was standing
here the whole time shf peipi said he
unloaded mult rounds and maybe you
weren't paying attention I would have
noticed if somebody shot him while I was
standing here maybe shpi was using a
silencer he wasn't using a silencer he
wasn't here at all Cody go check on
Charlie okay
fine oh God it's so hot in here I
must hi guys and I'm Charlie and I'm
dying from he stroke help get me out how
does this work
okay Junior I'm looking at Charlie and
he's very much alive are you sure he's
alive yes I'm sure he's looking right at
me help me wait what's that noise it's
him screaming help me wait is he saying
help me cuz he got shot no there are no
bullet holes on the car wait what's he
doing now wait hold on I think he's dead
from all the gunshots no no let me check
Charlie Charlie Charlie buddy oh God
Junior I think he's dead from all the
gunshots no I think he died of heat
stroke because I left him in a hot car
you didn't leave the car on no Jeffy
said not to waste his gas wow Cody you
just killed Charlie how do you feel well
isn't that what we wanted wait that is
what we wanted now we can sell the car
for millions of dollars wait but who did
Chef PP shoot that's not our problem
look call the cops and tell him that you
found Charlie dead in the car and we'll
get paid okay Hey sir you called about a
dead body oh yeah it's Charlie from the
famous TV show Charlie and friends oh my
God he died yeah oh it's okay Simmons
you can look there's no blood oh thank
God so what happened well I'm his driver
and I just left the car off while I went
inside to use the bathroom and he wanted
to stay in the car and I told him that
was a bad idea but he just wouldn't
listen so I guess he died of a heat
stroke oh that's terrible and I guess I
have to just believe you cuz I mean
there's no way you can get locked inside
a car he could have easily gotten out
yeah so whose car is this oh it's mine
oh that's okay you can keep the car we
just need the body you know there's no
need to investigate this further oh
that's great thanks okay Junior the
terrible deed is done so we can go sell
that car for millions of dollars I just
hope the money's worth it oh the money's
going to be worth it Cody when you smell
a million dollars under that big fat
nose of yours you're going to think it's
worth it what do we do now okay well
before we sell the car let's go watch
the news and make sure he's dead
wait why does this dip taste like wiener
wiener you say come on dad we got to
turn on the news what I'm watching
Charlie it's very
important breaking news Charlie from the
hit show Charlie and friends has died
from an accidental heat stroke in
someone's car he was 28 years
old no
n my life's over let's go sell the car
Cody Junior look the other
news more breaking news Jeffy the
friendly landscaper was brutally mowed
down by a random drive by shooting the
killer was caught down the road
celebrating here's a picture of his mug
shot he goes by the name of Chef penis
we also have exclusive footage from the
arrest and we will show you that now sir
sir did you just shoot the man in the
car over there yeah I shot that hoe I
bodied his ass he's 6 feet deep you feel
me going to a car and all you can have
it wow you made that really easy for me
yeah yeah you're welcome oh no wait Cody
how did ship get the wrong car I don't
know what address did you text him let
me check oh no Junior I sent him the
wrong address number so you got shfp
arrested no he got himself arrested
because he did a driveby okay now we
have to bail him out of jail how much is
his bail uh let me look it up uh $10
million I'm surprised he even has any so
now we have to sell the car for at least
20 million to be able to bail him out oh
man okay let's go sell the car come on
Cody
all right Cody we sold the car yeah we
got $10,000 for it but the Kelly Blue
Book on that car was only $5,000 so we
basically robbed that man he only gave
us this so we would go away we needed 20
million and two people are dead and one
of our friends is going to prison and
probably getting the death penalty but
hey $10,000 right okay Cody I'll admit
it this idea was stupid yeah yeah it is
stupid Junior I wish you would have told
me I tried so hard and got so far but in
the end it didn't even matter cuz two
people are dead well look it's not tooo
late to fix this yes it is oh no no we
can go to shef Pip's trial and tell the
judge that he didn't mean to shoot that
guy he meant to shoot someone else it
doesn't matter he still shot
someone you want to eat some chips and
dip yeah sure I hear they taste like
Wier order order order order order Chef
Pee you are being accused of and proudly
admitted to shooting a man in Cold Blood
while he was simply sitting in his car
why I'm sorry judge I thought I was
getting someone famous oh he was famous
all right he was just known as the
nicest old man in our town he waved at
everybody I'm sorry judge I thought I
was killing Charlie please have mercy oh
don't beg me for Mercy beg God for mercy
on your butthole in prison after I
sentence you to life in
prison wait wait wait wait a minute
judge we got the autopsy report back the
old man didn't die from any gunshot
wounds he died of a heart attack I mean
probably because he was scared because
of the gunshots but still Chef peip
didn't kill anybody well this changes
everything the law says if the bullets
did not hit you must acquit so Chef
peipi I sentence you to Freedom just
don't go around shooting guns at people
anymore especially not the elderly you
might spook them oh thank you D I can't
believe this oh you're Ru one guess who
they let out of jail but how because
they can't hold real one back no really
how look the bullets never hit him he
must have got scared and had a heart
attack or something I still feel like
you caused that n he had to be old like
97 or something ooh
chills wait why does it taste like peeee
oh I stuck my peee in there what
really where's my car
[Music]
breaking news Charlie from Charlie and
friends is not dead apparently he fell
asleep in the car and he's a very deep
sleeper so he is alive