hey daddy one here for playing jokes
sure Jeffy what did the farmer say we
couldn't find his tractor what where's
my tractor okay
what's a vampire's favorite desert of
blood I don't know nothing
vampires aren't real what what's red and
bag for your teeth red candy a brick
what what did the basketball in a
football have in common they're both
balls one of them is orange what's
yellow and it's something you shouldn't
drink up pee my school bus you can't
drink a school bus Jeffy I got one more
daddy well you get when you mix it goat
and a sheep I don't know a GEEP who's
that Jeb you stay right here
uh hello hey Mario hey Goodman you must
be here for my health payment I wouldn't
be here for any other reason
yeah well funny story I don't really
have the money to pay my house payment
this month I know you know well then
what are you doing here if you know I
can't pay it cuz I wanted to show you
the new magic trick I learned you want
to see it sure I can pull something out
of my butt watch what is that looks like
an eviction notice and it says get out
what you notice you're gonna lick me
yeah Mario because I've done I'm done
with you and your hat every single month
I have to waste gas and put miles on my
Lamborghini just to come here for you
not to have your house pink oh it's just
a lot of money to pay I don't have the
money to pay that bill you know oh well
it looks like you have money to pay your
electric bill so how do you know I have
money to pay your house payment it's
just so much you know they don't have it
me just come inside we can work this out
more there's nothing to work out your
Vic come on come inside
I promise we'll work something out come
oncome until I please get my script
sighs okay come on look just sit down
relax make yourself comfortable take
your shoes off let me rub your feet no
Mario you get your hands off my innocent
and defenseless baby seal shoes baby
seal shoes yeah the cruelty makes them
softer although just please don't evict
me wool Mario the only way I'm not gonna
evict you is if you have your house
payment right now in cash so do you have
it of course I don't read it and weep
well just give me another chance see
Mario stop you sound like my ex-wife
after I cheated on her
she was like oh please give me another
chance I promise I'll be hotter and I
was like no there's other women out
there and I don't want you well why are
you a victim II now you've never victim
me before it's your hat were you what
every time I come to your house I stand
outside your door and I'm like he's
gonna answer the door in that hat and
sure enough you come to the door and
what do I see
okay so if I get rid of the Hat you want
to pick me oh I'm still gonna evict you
more you all right well you got nine
days to get all your stuff and get out
of this house nine days right nine cuz
it was all too dumb Mario but if you're
gonna complain about it get all your
stuff you get out in seven days seven no
no go back to 9
alright what about five what no go back
or you can what - you can't do that get
out what all your stuff right now and
get out you have to give me some time
alright six days get all your stuff out
six days my house okay final forget out
in six days
so Cody what do you want to do tonight I
don't know jr. you want to watch TV yes
sure I'll go get the remote huh
wait junior whose wallet is this if
there's money in it it's mine
okay well let's have a look wait hold on
Jenny a visit there's a credit card in
here what the car yeah who's it belong
to it says mr. Goodman well Cody it says
Millionaire's Club on do you think it
belongs to do you know yeah maybe
Oh we should buy stuff with it junior we
can't do that that's illegal it's called
credit card fraud okay well how would
they figure out that we used it well
they probably just used the security
cameras in the stores we bought stuff
from well why don't we just buy stuff
online then I don't know Junior the
right thing to do would be to turn it in
to the police so they could return it to
the original owner
well if flame Cody look we have a credit
card that probably has a billion dollars
on it we could buy whatever we want and
nobody would ever find out Junior the
billionaire would find out he has a
billion dollars so if we buy stuff for
like a couple of thousand he'll never
notice a couple thousand dollars if you
have a billion dollars yeah I guess but
if we buy stuff we have to buy really
small stuff yeah Cody look we'll buy
really small stuff that he won't even
notice okay really small stuff
you bought a monster truck jr. yeah is
it sick yes jr. it's very sick but you
said you were gonna buy something small
this is the opposite of small come on
Cody you look like $500 the
billionaire's not gonna notice $500 now
shut up it's a gravedigger sorry crush
this bar Bueller Corbitt grave diggers
whoa Cody local cars destroyed yeah
that's why you don't mess with the grave
digger finally now you got to buy
something I don't know junior I just
really don't want to get in trouble look
get in trouble Cody I bought a monster
truck come on live a little
yeah it was pretty cool okay okay I'm
gonna buy something well you gonna buy I
have an idea
pony carriage Junior whoa this is sick
yeah it is I got 20 fo inch rims in the
back 18 inch rims in the front one
horsepower and check this out Junior I
got a trunk that's a front trunk I can
hide all kinds of cookies and stuff in
there
you got a front on your monster truck
Junior what no that's where the engine
is okay whatever
so Junior you want to go on a nice
stroll through a park somewhere
oh yeah but Rover real quick I
definitely think we should return this
credit card you know before we get
caught yeah that's a pretty good idea if
we spend any more money they might catch
us yeah so let's go put it back in the
wallet all right Junior let's put this
credit card back in the wallet before we
get caught we're not gonna get caught
Cody really bought two things yeah I
don't feel that bad
thank God wanna hear some jokes sure
yeah okay why do you call a dog with no
legs way it doesn't matter what you call
he's not coming
hey what's green and has wheels
what grass I lied about the wheels hey
what has four fingers and a thumb and
looks like a hand what a hand I get it
ask me if I'm a tree Gina are you a tree
no he's not that's all I got
well Jeff we found this credit card that
belongs to a billionaire and you should
buy something with it oh no jr. we've
spent too much money already we didn't
spend too much money really bought two
things you were like less than a
thousand dollars let me buy something
okay but just tell him not to spend too
much money
all right Jeff here buy whatever you
want all right I'm gonna go spend
$10,000 on b-bugs what Junior she's
gonna get
taught that much of money to a
billionaire $10,000 on be bucks hey hey
cheffy by me to be bucks - alright Jeffy
$10,000 worth of e bucks for you and
$10,000 worth it be much for me oh yeah
Jr this is so peepee yes it's very
peepee can we stop committing
credit-card fraud now I guess Cosco
alright jr. we're putting this card back
know that you and Jeffy both spent ten
thousand dollars each on B bucks well
Cody you should have got you some v
bucks no jr. I don't play for at night i
play minecraft like an adult Oh Cody if
you put an L right there that'd be you
right I put an L right there before the
gob you oh yeah I guess it would alright
now let's get out of here before we get
caught alright oh man I can't wait to
play me it's a collar dudas they gotta
get em you go a wallet the mother body
may ships
it must be my birthday's Oh Christmas
card I'm gonna give me some chicken with
it because obviously whoever lefty here
was thinking about me and would like uh
uh
black Yoshi get you go tree himself to
some chicken Trick or Treat smell my
feet give me some KFC oh that's good
chicken beat em Mario I'm sad man why
you saying you white because like you're
sure we're about to lose the house why
we gonna lose the house phone because I
haven't made a house payment cuz I can't
afford it Mae don't worry about that
folk just use my new GPT car I got from
some milk gbt card yeah it's kinda like
the EBT card except they change the name
of it so now it's like that thing that
they give you if you going back to high
school if you don't drop down what a GED
yeah they block Yoshi this is Goodman
bacon trust how did you get a credit
card I found it you found it would you
find it at right here right waited to
fair darlin he said I was a good boy
I just need to floss a little bit more
hey so he gave me this great Yoshi
this is mr. Goodman's credit card could
you get mr. good
oh my god Blanco she where'd you find
this wallet at I told you the Tooth
Fairy does it to me right here you said
I need some treat good mr. Goodman let
this wall my god I don't happen
mr. Goodman left this wallet here and
you found it block you what did you buy
with this credit card man all our boss
would is fried chicken some kool-aid hey
I'm about to pee game on this man no you
ain't mother peep game on no map you
cannot use someone else's credit card to
buy something that's credit card fraud
may lose the credit card frog dude he go
ribbit guard fraud fraud man I don't
know why you'd be talking about those
frogs right fo black yoshi you cannot
use someone else's credit card that's
illegal it's against the law you could
go to jail go to jail because the courts
ain't gonna allows it well okay okay so
wait when you go to court and they say
who gave you this credit card and you
say the tooth fairy that's not gonna
hold up on court it doesn't have to hold
up in court where they gonna do bringing
the Tooth Fairy coz I can guarantee you
he ain't gonna be there yeah why is he
not gonna be there cuz he ain't real you
okay then if he ain't real that how to
give you the credit card oh he was real
for that five seconds when he came in
here for games like this I have to find
a way to get my house famous so we don't
lose the house Mario like I already said
just take the gbt car and go pay the
house payment folks I cannot pay the
house payment with the credit card of
the person that I owe money to yes you
can't both get that cash advance
you never know II knew it would be
better to just pay the house payment I
guess she check there hey let me people
miss me alright block you see I took out
a cash advance I got the money out to
pay my house payment Mario I found this
infection notice anything we gotta get
out before week you see Blanco he
doesn't say infection notice it says
eviction notice what's the e fiction's
that type of bull no black yoshi of
eviction means we have to get out
basically like we have to move out yeah
we have to get out because the effects
if we don't you see like you there is no
infection you don't yeah you know yeah
you get out is how I you just get out
before you let me just grab that gbt car
real quick
be on my way what another look like you
know I have to give it back to who it
belongs to
it belongs to me coz the Tooth Fairy
done gave it to me because I need them
treats Oh nope like usually I feel the
infection all over my body oh oh my god
it's eating me alive who's that hello
anymore you know you don't talk until I
tell you to talk yes sir
you know what Mario go back inside come
back to the door we'll start all over
since he ruined it okay
hello hey Mario hey what are you doing
here well an hour ago when I was at your
house the craziest thing happened I
noticed that I didn't have my wallet and
so I started to check my bank account
instead of coming right back here and I
noticed that someone had been using my
credit card app till oh yeah yeah
someone's been using his credit card and
they've spent about $30,000 $30,000 you
didn't tell me they were spending
$30,000 worth of love on chicken wait
hold on are you telling me that Old
MacDonald had a farm and he stole my
credit card information and he spent
$30,000 on chicken oh no no no I didn't
say $30,000 on chicken
I said $30,000 missing that's crazy
we're coming in hey you just tell them
we're coming in but why because because
we gotta find my wallet
Tohno coming in don't have a warrant yes
we do
we're happy we have a warrant because I
say we have we're coming in and we have
a warrant I'm gonna have to take you
have why well it's it's I don't like it
you tell him I don't like his hat and
we're gonna take that he's in it he
doesn't like you had and we're gonna
we're taking it we're taking it I'm
gonna wear it I'm gonna wear your hat
and he's gonna put it on my head okay
okay come in real quick okay all right
Mario where's my wall I don't know it
was right here I mean I don't know I
haven't seen it you take his hat what
what what No
my wallet I don't know give me the hat
like the Hat give me the hat where's my
wallet
I don't know Mari if you don't tell me
where my wallet is I'm gonna eat your
hand don't eat my hat aww don't eat it
where's my wallet I don't know chewing
on it more augsburg spit it out what is
that oh this is my house they have money
so you can't evict me more you where on
earth did you get $2,500 in one hour
what corner were you on you've been
selling Flintstones gummies huh how'd
you get that kind of money
I broke over my piggy bank oh really a
piggy bank for 100 did you still one of
my piggy banks no no I stuffed money in
my mattress that's right guy okay well
I'm just gonna pretend I didn't hear
that
I paid my health payment so you can't
evict me you said if I pay in cash you
can't evict me right well that is true
Mario since you did pay your house
payment in cash I can't evict you oh
great it's just really weird that there
was a $2,500 cash advance on my credit
card
here's $2,500 in cash and there was also
a KFC charge on my credit card
here's KFC and it ain't cooling where do
you explain that well with all the KFC
told that this foods old well it wasn't
here earlier well well it's like a
couple days old I like to move my trash
around I'm a hoarder you well look I
don't really see any evidence here just
a whole bunch of coincidences yeah yeah
or you know what case has gone cold hey
you bring your face okay bye who stole
my wallet okay okay so you know
everything's fine right so I'm free to
go right I guess Morgan well you hear
you're not mad about that thirty
thousand dollars it's missing on your
credit card no Mario you think I'm gonna
worry about a small $30,000 charge Marie
do you know what my credit limit is what
my credit limit is Buzz Lightyear to
infinity and beyond Mario my credit
score is yes I'm not mad about $30,000
oh okay yeah well I mean you can just go
on your way then it was nice seeing you
officer and you know and I'll see you
next month Goodman with your house
payment all right have a good night
Maureen good night okay okay where is
his wallet who has this
credit card I did a couple million more
V books okay yeah you are so dumb I'm
about to orange justice all over your
face
[Music]