all right guys you ready to play catch
yeah all right try to catch the ball
Cody you have to try to catch it I was
trying Jeffy was in the way Jeffy get
out of the way okay ha you suck oh come
on hey Jeffy can you allow the car so I
can put my bottle in there ew what's in
that bottle Joseph why dude I told you
the guy at Subway said he'll give me a
free foot long if I give him a bottle my
why are you giving this guy your dude he
has to pass his drug test I'm just
looking out for him so he can keep his
job so can you please unlock your car so
I can put my bottle in there yeah I
unlock it thank you my phone's going off
Cody look at this I got a notification
on my phone oh an amber alert oh wow
kidnapped child in a white Tesla cyber
truck well you don't see many of those
yeah that'll be easy to
find Cody you see that yeah that's a
white Tesla cyber truck guys the
kidnapped kid we have to go chase off
that truck Jeffy drive us dve us drive
us let's go Jeffy hurry hurry hurry I'm
going I'm going guys can you believe we
actually saw the truck that kidnapp a
kid we can be heroes yeah I'm going
let's go
hurry Jeffy hurry I'm going I'm going oh
look there's a Cy right there right
there go go go go get him I'm going I'm
going to run his St get him get him get
him get him this is so crazy I feel like
a police officer yeah dude this is sick
oh we could beat the next Chris hes oh
look there's a right there I'm going
Jeffy get on his ass we're going to be
heroes we're going to get the key to the
city I'm trying I got the power jior
mail junior oh he's running away from us
cuz he knows he kot the kid he knows you
kid have a kid get back here he's scared
yeah he's scared get back here you
stupid cyber truck Jeffy you better stay
on his ass oh I got Junior I'm going to
call the cops yeah okay it's ringing 911
what's your emergency uh yes officer you
know the Amber Alert that you just put
on my phone that said there's a white
Tesla cyber TR that kidnapped a kid yeah
do you see it yeah it's right in front
of me oh wow [ __ ] I didn't think people
really did this I thought we just did
the Amber Alerts to annoy people no no
it's right in front of my face and so
what do I do okay well I need you to
stay very calm and then go home go home
yeah go home you guys aren't cops this
is not your problem but the kid is in
front of us like we could save it okay
and what if the guy who kidnapped him
has a gun you ever think about that then
what are you going to do I mean you're
safe in a car right I assume so what
happens if he has a gun then you'll be
in danger and then I have another
problem oh okay but watch this why don't
you just get in your cop car and come
meet where we're at and you can arrest
them okay by the time I get in my cop
car and drive all the way to where you
guys are right now he's not even going
to be there anymore and I'll have done
all of that for nothing but we're going
to stay on his Trail like we'll stay
right on his ass and like you can just
meet us and if you stay on the phone
with me I can just tell you where I'm at
wait are you said you said you're at
home oh yeah yeah I'm just at home I'm
just chilling right now and I'm thinking
about making some some pizza bagels and
I think you should probably go home and
do the same honestly it sounds pretty
good no no like you could save a kid
like there's a kidnapped kid right in
front of us like we had a stoplight like
here's a turn signal on like we
literally could just save him right now
okay the kid is stupid for getting
kidnapped anyway I mean it's not that
hard you just don't talk to strangers
okay I mean he's an idiot oh so you're
not going to come help no I'm not going
to help I'm going to make some pizza
bagel I advise you to do the
same um guys the cops aren't going to
help so what are we doing Junior we're
going to keep following this stupid
cyber we're going to be cops we're going
to save this kid since the cops don't
want to help
okay oh my God guys look the Cyber
truck's parked right there so Cody all
we have to do is run up to the Tesla
grab the kid out and save the kid and
then Jeffy you can be the getaway driver
and Joseph you just you just stand right
there so there's no confusion of who's
the kidnapper all right dude I'll be
Lookout okay yeah so uh Cody come on
we're going to save the kid it's in
public so we're going to be safe okay
all right Cody we're going to save the
kidnapped kid and run away okay oh my
God what it's just so ugly up close it
looks like a Playstation One car oh my
God Cody look the window's cracked open
let's look inside okay oh my God Cody do
you see what I see there's a girl in
there try to open the door so we can
save her how Junior do you see a handle
no try to wake her up okay hey girl girl
wake up wake up we try to save you hey
Junior I think she's unconscious oh okay
well try to open the door what's this to
oh I Junior I figured it out well go in
there and grab her I'll be on the
lookout hey hey girl girl wake up hurry
up Hur get out of here oh my God Junior
what the are you doing I thought I saw
the kidnapper how do you even know we
don't know what the he looks like well
there's there was a black guy that left
and I I thought it was him what you know
how I feel about you're right there's no
way he could afford a Tesla cyber truck
Junior what are you talking about o I
got an idea you just stay in the Cyber
truck and I have your location so we'll
just follow you wherever you go I don't
want to go back to this guy's house what
if he has other kidnapped kids we can
save what we don't have to go to his
house Junior let's just get the girl and
leave no he might have a bunch of kids
trapped in his b basement and cages look
just stay there oh I think it's coming
out hide hide get me out of here get me
the out of here Hide get down in
there hey Junior how'd it go did you
save the kid yeah dude oh my God guys
the craziest thing just happened so me
and Cody walk up to the Tesla cyber
truck right and the back windows cracked
open and we look inside and guess what
we see we see a girl knocked out
unconscious no way dude that's so scary
yeah it was scary and I was like Cody we
have to save the girl so we couldn't
find a way to open the door on the Cyber
truck cuz there's no door handles and
then Cody finds his button he press it
and the door opens so Cody goes inside
like save the girl save the girl and
then I was looking out for the kidnapper
and I saw this black guy leave the gas
station and I assume he's the kidnapper
wait what the hell why would you assume
that I don't know I don't know why I
assume that that that's my bad that's my
bad up yeah that's my [ __ ] up that's my
B I'll AC I'll accept that yeah yeah he
walked towards like a Chevy Capri okay
yeah a donk yeah a donk a donk yeah
candy red anyway anyway I panck cuz I
saw the black guy thing he was the
kidnapper and I closed Cody inside the
Cyber truck so now he's locked in there
but don't worry because I have Cody's
location on my phone so no matter where
the kidnapper drives to we will know
where Cody's at because of his location
so we just wait till the kidnapper gets
home then we take the cops there and
then I bet you there's a bunch of
kidnapped kids in his basement making uh
shoes for LeBron oh yeah he has a
basement full of kids yeah so all we
have to do is wait for the location to
move to the kidnapper house and we show
up there with cops and we win and we get
a key to the city okay okay let me see
what the Cyber truck is
um no it's still there wait it's moving
guys guys the to truck's moving Jeffy
follow it I'm going well actually
actually actually no rush we we have
Cody's location we don't have to rush I
mean we know where it's going to be we
have Cody's location so let's go get
some McDonald's dude let's do it let's
get some McDonald's go
yeah hell yeah McDonald's Joseph what
are you going to get oh dude you already
know them nuggies yeah I want some
nuggies do I want a Happy Meal yeah I'm
going to get a Happy Meal too to toys
hell yeah I'm getting a phone call hello
Junior what the are you doing at
McDonald's um we were hungry wait how
can you talk right now well the guy
doesn't know I'm in here because he's
too busy listening to Coco Melons I'm
calling you oh well um do you want
anything from McDonald's well yes of
course I want something from McDonald's
okay what do you want what like a fet of
fish a fet of fish like I'm talking you
could die at any second you want a fet
of fish is your last meal well yeah I
like it no we're not started for you oh
one second please he's asking what you
want so seriously what the [ __ ] do you
want I want a f fish you're not if you
say fet fish one more time I'm going to
call you back I'm going to make your
phone ring and he's going to find you in
that back seat and he's going to be all
crazy in yourek I I just can I please
get my feta fish all right goodbye what
what' you want um he doesn't want
anything cuz I wasn't hungry okay so
three chicken nug heav meals all right
got it can I get three chicken nugget
Happy Meals please I want to coke with
mine oh wow they came in buckets this
time they came in Halloween
buckets no that's so sick oh hold on
Cody's calling hello did you get the F
fish or what no Cody you won't believe
it the Happy Meals they came in
Halloween buckets oh that's so cool yeah
Halloween buckets is like yeah but what
did you ask but did you get the Fila
fish no we didn't get your godamn fil
fish I told you I wasn't getting that
for you it's the one thing I wanted but
can you please shut up we got literally
Halloween buckets with our Happy Meal
you're literally missing out I don't
know why you would decide to stay ins
side the Cyber truck I didn't decide to
stay in here you locked me in here
mother they forgot my two toys okay they
didn't give them the toys um Co Cody can
we call you back we go back and get the
toys a play a fish all right turn back
around I need the toys all right but
these buckets are sick guys yeah dude
that's [ __ ] sick that's tear Guys
these chicken nugget Happy Meal buckets
are so cool yeah dude look at mine they
came with Halloween stickers what the
mine didn't come with any goddamn
stickers well check the bottom of the
bucket they're probably in there guys my
phone's ringing oh it's Cody hello
Junior are you at youring house what
yeah you are supposed to come get me we
want to eat our chicken nugget Happy
Meals wait did did you get my fet of
fish no we didn't get your fet of fish
God damn it Junior that's the one thing
I wanted the flare fish is gross no it's
delicious with tartar sauce ew tartar
sauce I'm tartar bch Mr D on T sauce
Cody did you hear jeffy's joke I don't
give a [ __ ] junior send the police over
here right now okay let us finish our
chicken uggs and we'll come over do it
now where are you well you have my
location wait I I I think we just pulled
up to the guy's house oh it's a nice
house no it's not a nice oh [ __ ] junior
he just grabbed the girl wa what he just
grabbed the girl oh [ __ ] I think he sees
me I think he's hey stay the back stay
the back let go you brother
[Music]