oh man choking I can't believe we're at
a skate park I know dual skateboarding
is so fun and easy really yeah do they
used to call me Joseph Hawk yeah you
know cuz Tony Hawk
that's my dad he just says they come to
see me or pay child support but I'll go
ahead and go down look so easy I'm gonna
try it
my first time oh I can tell but dude
look it happens to everybody hit
everybody who shops do what he's going
right on this rail you wiped out so you
suck too
no I don't do there was a fly in my face
and come on the real I don't see gum on
the rail look shut up dude I'm the best
skater ever my dad's Tony Hawk and I'm
gonna prove it to you by doing the
sickest move in the book the hardest
move what's the hardest move the 360
vert you make twist is it hard dude look
three people tried it and 299 people
have died how'd that many people die
only three people tried it jus dude
tried it with a chainsaw and firing in
the a K he was doing too much but look
how much I mistake the landing watch me
dude get my board dude I'm so ready
so Joseph how you do this trick again
okay dude I'm gonna go down this ramp
and then go up that ramp papa nollie 360
spin and then do two backflips when I
stick the landing and still all the
babes Joseph that sounds impossible dude
Impossibles my little name that's why
they call me Joseph impossible oh I
thought your name was Joseph his friend
from school yeah I legally changed it so
I can make friends watch me do a treat
dude
[Music]
[Music]
my friend well and on his show and he
broke it I mean who doesn't have health
insurance right
he doesn't have health insurance but I
can pay you in Cheetos yes sorry that
that's not gonna work my I can't pay my
bills with Cheetos wait wait they're
crunchy yeah see that's not gonna work
my electric company only takes flamin
hot cheetos or puffy Cheetos nah not
crunchy oh so you can't help him no but
I mean you can find a good doctor well
maybe I can find your mom on Craigslist
I went on Craigslist and I found your
doctor will Eadie he's right here no
a clown hmm screwball his name skroob oh
and unlike the other doctor he will get
paid in Cheetos mmm so pay up oh oh you
missed well anyway you can make you a
new shelf wait really
you can make him a new show right yeah
already dude whoa
Joseph look at your new shell balloon
just be grateful and try it on okay do
you love it
no dude it's a balloon it doesn't fit I
need an actual shell can you make an
actual show mm-hmm we're machito's
here's your payment so you don't like
your shell no I don't like myself well I
don't know what to do you gotta accept
your balloon shell because I don't know
anyone look at yourself
dude I need an actual shell do I would
do anything for a shell just don't why
you said it nobody likes Liars okay I
said it dude someone had to do for a new
shell oh he would have to do is just
give me his soul oh wait my soul that's
it Jose are you actually give him your
soul yeah give him my soul I'm not using
it what do I need it for let's do it
okay what type of shell would you like
you could get one with spikes on their
poor spikey one for one with built-in
speakers way I can customize it yeah
this is pimp my shell oh I like this um
how about a red one yeah I know it's
gonna be cool
ooh a red wool with wheat oh yeah with
wings yeah a red one with wheeze and can
I get red shoes to match okay is there
anything else you're like no that's it
oh this is gonna be cool all right here
you go
Choza did you say that's word no I
should oh dude oh yeah I thought
you said a bad word is gotta go tell my
mommy no anyway turns out the corny
Michelle hey no dude it's so red it has
wings what that's wings no what's wrong
Joseph I didn't want wings
I wanted a plate of wings I'm hungry oh
then you should've specified huh too bad
anyway thanks for the song see you later
with early oh wait are you gonna hit
this cheeto no you can have it thanks
mmm oh man Joseph your new shell is so
cool I know dude and it's so much better
than yours
wait what yeah dude my sis new red and
it has wheeze look yours it's just old
green and ugly well you're just be green
yeah used to be and then I got cooler
and I got a new shirt with wings if you
can't fly the hand of control you're
just hovering shut up dude stop hating
on my new cell why you some jealous I'm
not jealous your new shell Joe there's a
key mean I'm not acting me stop being
Sisseton were you insulted my shell
because you got a new one
it's just oldest spiky nobody likes
spikes anymore well you're just stupid
your left wing is that where are you in
a redbull commercial look I'm just gonna
go buy some new friends this is so
jealous of my new shell I'm not jealous
of it you know she'll change you oh it
changed me now I just changed the
friends around me know each other
you stupid you know I'm fine you're just
you're just doing this and shut up
Joseph hey Cody
Joe's his stupid poopy butt face because
he broke his shell and he got a new one
anything he's so cool we're at the skate
park
he's doing a really cool trick but he
land on the show and he broke it yeah
ouch but then he made a deal with the
devil and he sold his soul for a new
shell well his new shells red and it has
wings
it's so cool Cody but Joe does actually
really mean what's up dork wait are you
talking to Kody on the phone are you
telling him out dorky you are weird no
we're talking about how you're so stinky
Cody I got this Wow your insults are
just like your shell back
yes good thanks guys mucho there who are
those people
oh they're my new friends this is goose
we sure do and this is my other friend
bully bill yeah
things like me if they're not jealous of
myself like you are I'm not juggling
your show your show that's really stupid
no it's not my cell is new isn't it nice
guys yeah cool see they like it they're
not jealous yours is just all greasy
dirty it belongs in the dumpster that's
what it should be you know what you get
punched in the face yeah why you have my
back what Dody by joseph and his new
friends well why don't you get out my
back what you fight it back help you
anyway I'm on a phone well did you see
how mean Joseph's be that you really
mean so how do I get the old joseph back
i miss Joseph with his old shell break
his new show that could hurt him what
what if I sell my soul to devil and I
get an even cooler shell than his I
guess you're right Cody I'm gonna go
break Joseph's new shell okay just
finish my birdhouse now my toe Joseph
that I got him a gift and wake up the
season I'm gonna hit him in the show
with his hammer and break it
[Music]
what do you want door well what are you
guys doing in my play room play with
your toys what are you gonna do about it
it's three against one
Oh Joseph I came here because I made you
and I'm sorry for being jealous gift see
guys I knew he was jealous I told you
well I'm not jogging I am really jealous
of your new shell so I made you a gift
to say I'm sorry so I come in the
kitchen I want to show it to you I guess
I could come and see what it is look
guys this door wants to show me
something I'll be right back okay
all right dude what's this stupid gift
you maybe well since you have wings and
you fly around I made you a pod house
yeah you know you fly around so I
thought why don't you live in a bird elf
[Music]
your best friend yeah dude you're my
best friend like who makes a house for
someone well what about the other friend
you have yeah really my friends do it
just like me for myself oh well I mean I
wasn't gonna break your shell with this
hammer because you're being really mean
but I get that I'll have to do that now
dude you're my best friend you have to
bring myself I'll fly you around how
about that come on okay oh man Joseph
I'm so glad we're best friends again me
too dude I was so afraid you weren't
gonna be my friend anymore because then
I'd have to hang out with Cody oh dude
that sounds awful I know right yeah
[Music]