all right guys are you ready to go to
the movies to watch Godzilla versus King
Kong well it's not actually Godzilla
versus King Kong that was the last one
so they don't fight in this one no
mostly they just team up to fight evil
King Kong there's another King Kong well
his name is actually scar King like scar
from Lion King no he's a giant gorilla
with a whip wait a minute wait a minute
so Godzilla and King Kong join forces to
fight evil King Kong yes why doesn't
King Kong and evil King Kong beat up
Godzilla well because evil King Kong is
mean but King Kong and evil King Kong
are both monkeys why wouldn't they want
to why would they how about we just
watch the movie yeah I got my money for
a ticket and I get my money for a ticket
I don't have my money for a ticket guys
wait a minute how much does a movie
ticket cost like 12 bucks if we both buy
a ticket will we have money left over to
buy Joseph a ticket y but I wanted to
get popcorn and I wanted to get Mike and
IES come on guys I want to go to the
movie too well I mean you're my good
friend Joseph but Mike and I come first
yeah and I have to get extra buttery
popcorn so I can rub my face in it and
get these pimples well screw you guys I
don't even want to go to the movies
anymore fine that must be our Uber wait
they ring the doorbell I don't know did
you even order an Uber I don't have the
app what okay then it's not in Uber okay
well let me go see who it is watch my
money
hello hello my friend I am shabala kuami
and I'm looking for my king of ESI oh
Cody it is an Uber driver he's from
India I am not from India I am from
estin Africa and I am looking for my kid
oh the Feed the Children Well I don't
have any money I only have $20 and I'm
going to go see a movie we are not
looking for your money I'm just looking
for my King LeBron James isn't here I
don't need LeBron in his basketball
skills I am looking for Joseph his
friend from school wait Joseph his
friends from school yes yes you've heard
of him where is he he's upstairs on my
couch oh take me to my king I need to
kiss his feet right now uh that's a
little weird to say that about a kid but
I mean I can bring you inside but if
this is just some plan to steal my TV
it's mounted to the wall you're going to
need more of you I don't need your TV
just type me to my king So Junior was it
an Uber driver I think so hello my
friend Junior don't just let strangers
into the house he kind of looks like
your stepdad so I thought it was okay oh
my God I looking for my king where is he
where is Joseph oh I Joseph dude oh my
glorious King where's your so I can kiss
him what the hell is going on yeah dude
I'm a kid why are you kissing my feet oh
because you're the king of astini your
great-grandfather esto his friend from
school used to be the ruler the great
king of eswatini but then he die the
tragic death and now you are the ruler
you are the throne the successor to the
throne wait Joseph is the king of Africa
no no no hell no not Africa estin the
poorest country in Africa duh wait so
how did his grandfather die oh he died
the most tragic death let me tell you
Istanbul his friend from school was the
Glorious king of eswatini for over 60
years he killed hippopotamus with his
bare hands he killed a man's Aid with
snake bite he performs Miracles he also
number one elephant racer in all of
Africa he was Chef Gordon of the Jungle
but tragically one day during the
eswatini 500 elephant race he was
crossing the Finish Line while waving at
the crowd and his elephant tripped
throwing Ino to the ground and the ele
elephant fell right onto the ground next
to him thankfully esto was not hurt
later that night though during his
Victory celebration a lion tragically
attacked him but Ino killed the lion
with a spear and wore the Lion's F like
a robe but then while Ino was sleeping
his Hut tragically caught on the fire
and burned to the ground but thankfully
insto got out right in time but the next
day he tragically died from the comet
cold see we have no medicine in estin
that's so sad I know so tragic see the
Cod is the most leading cause of death
in eswatini right next to hippopotamus
dumpings so Joseph's really the king of
eswatini yes Joseph is the king oh Hill
King Joseph wait I really am a king oh
yes you are and we need to get you back
to estin immediately for your
coordination can we go can K me and Cody
go sure come on come on here hurry up we
need to go right now okay King Joseph
here is your throne really I have my own
throne and look this D is on it [ __ ]
cubic zonum I mean it's still fly though
and look over there that is my wife
fiki welcome to astini I shall fan you
oh yeah I was getting a little hot yeah
can you fan me too there's no air
conditioning here get the way you ain't
the king oh man this lifestyle is
awesome I wish I could live this forever
is this the new king yes this is our new
king king Joseph pleasure to meet you
King Joseph my name is Terry Ai and I am
your bodyguard and I will protect you
from all threats even the Heap of part
of mes yeah he'll protect you forever
where's Joseph's Crown at oh his crown I
could I forget get this Crown yeah I got
to get the crown for the king I will be
back okay I have now placed the crown on
King Joseph's head now Len the song of
our people passed down from generation
to generation cucumber my Lord
cucumber cucumber my Lord
CU Oh Praise King Joseph you're another
king of
ESI oh you will rule the land forever
and ever sir sir there's a kid in the
village with ebola do you think King
Joseph can save him oh bring the kid
here right now he must heal him right
now immediately go go go what wait can
Joseph even C Ebola no he doesn't have
powers dude you don't know what I can do
I probably have healing properties or
something here is the boy he has Ebola
and he was trembled by hippopo of Moes
damn it must be a big hippopotamus
problem here huh yeah there is oh King
Joseph can you spit on this boy to cill
him of his Ebola spit on him I think he
needs medical attention not spit you
don't know what he needs please King
Joseph he needs the saliva of a king
spit on him all right [ __ ] I spit on
him does that work let me check he is
dead you decide to die in the face of a
king king Joseph get this person out of
here before he gets the whole village
Eola I think he was already dead I
disposed of the body I threw it in the
dried up River yes it has not rained
here since the last time to bless her in
wait what happened to your hand oh yeah
I was trying to brush the teeth of a
hippopotamus and he went chopping oh wow
you guys play Hungry Hungry Hippos for
real around here huh so what do you guys
do for fun in Africa besides starve uh
mainly hunt and uh ride giraffes and
[ __ ] oh okay oh dude I'm getting hungry
the King has spoken us men must go on
the hunt for food for our King come on
YouTu you have to go too okay oh King
King Joseph since we're going on the
hunt you can stay here with our wives
and impregnate them all right guys we
are in the jungle to hunt the tiger what
tiger oh yes the most tender meat intini
so delicious how are we going to find a
random tiger in this jungle oh all you
have to do is do the
calls guys guys I I think I see a tiger
right there oh good kid oh I see the
tiger too it's merching on one of our
villagers all right sh we got to get
ready to hunt the tiger all right
Teryaki thr your
sword damn it Teryaki you
miss all right everybody please be still
the tiger could pounce at any moment all
right tiger get the white kids they
white
me those kids are so [ __ ] dead mhm a
oh my God codyy the Tiger has us
cornered oh Junior we're going to die I
hope he doesn't eat my ass actually nice
tiger I I really like your cereal
they're
great look look look look the sword it's
right there okay grab it oh nice tiger
ni nice kitty kitty kitty oh nice kitty
kitty die take that you bangal tiger
[ __ ] Joe burrow sucks kid kiss kid you
actually killed the tiger okay I know
you can say words you were speaking
English earlier oh my God the tiger is
so big it could feed the whole village
oh let's take it back to King Joseph he
would be so proud Feed me more grapes
please hey Joseph we killed a tiger well
actually Cody killed a tiger yes we
killed a tiger for our
King Oh Praise King Joseph wait I don't
want to eat a tiger I want to eat
Popeyes you want us to pop the eyes out
e no I want a threepiece in a Biscuit
y'all ain't got that here we don't have
chicken and biscuits Jamal get in here
sh Rock wait the 49ers didn't win the
Super Bowl no Junior they send the
merchandise of the losing team to Africa
so the clothes don't go to waste oh okay
I hear Ruckus outside I protect you King
wait Ruckus Shala kuam the Wu tribe is
outside not the Wu tribe what are they
doing here who's the wuu tribe the wuu
tribe is most dangerous tribe and the
first son of the wuu tribe is set to Wed
the first daughter of the waatti tribe
and if the wedding doesn't happen it
could mean Mass Slaughter for the waatti
like you're coming you're coming
what tribe are we a part of we are s
wait so what does this have to do with
us at all they will kill everybody here
they don't care look the only way we can
solve this is if we get your parents
credit card information so please give
it to us wait what and the three-digit
code on the back or you can go to the
Walgreens and get a Visa gift card and
give us the code yes hurry please give
us your parents credit card information
wait a minute this doesn't seem right is
this a credit card scam wait y'all
[ __ ] trying to scam us oh damn they
CAU on so damn fast wait Dad oh oh yeah
Cody it's your dad you know we put the
scam together so we can pay the bills
you know how it be damn it Tyrone I
can't believe they figured it out what
Mom yeah Judy go ahead get out that damn
black face mom what the [ __ ] wait so
this whole thing is fake Joseph's not a
king hell no Joseph ain't the king of
[ __ ] yeah me and your uncle lero put the
scan together where we make people think
they the king of Tini some fake ass
country wait but what about the tiger oh
yeah that's just a some man in the
costume you killed him though
congratulations but yeah y'all get the
hell out of here so we can set up for
the next victim damn y'all messed it up
for us what
wow Joseph I actually thought you were
the king of Santini I know dude it sucks
I actually thought I had a purpose in
life you know yeah actually looked
really cool for you to be the king of
Africa Cody who are you texting I'm
texting my mom to let her know that
blackface is very offensive and I'm
asking who uncle Leroy is and I'm asking
who I killed you know Leroy and Stitch
was a bad movie Leroy and Stitch yeah
there was there was Lilo and Stitch and
then there was Leo and Stitch Stitch Has
a Glitch and then there was Leroy and
Stitch it is Leroy never heard of lero
he was one of the aliens I think huh hey
guys it's Logan we officially launched
an SML gaming channel go subscribe right
now we're going to be uploading gaming
videos every single day so please go
subscribe to the new SML gaming channel
for new content every single day me in
Bill TS Jeffy ow I'm dead I'm so
incredibly dead help me why would you
break it where you at Cody Joseph help
me come here come here why Joseph why
not Logan help I mean do your help yeah
why not Logan I'm a little offended you
don't me to help you're the one who
killed me because you built a floor
where I was trying to climb up wait
where's Jeffy I'm over here getting shot
at oh yeah I forgot there are people