[Laughter]
oh hey little t i'm just choking my
chicken
i just got done choking my chicken in
the bathroom that's so cool what color
is your chicken
black and it's bigger than that chicken
that's so cool what are you doing here
oh dude i got to show you this music
video i just filmed it it's so raw look
at it okay i want to watch
yeah you know who it is
t o double d dog
make some room
[Music]
it if it's hairy drink some milk my
pants i can help dairy constipated on
the toilet and it's kind of scary and my
girl used to be a dude named larry i'm
back on the track with a new route where
the hole said dora let me use the map
she got a bulge in her parents man
that's a trap but i still got some words
gonna make a clock yeah twerking for
some money girl twerking for some pop
tarts who didn't hit the ground grand
slam at the ballpark i'm a big dog baby
i'll bite nobody
[Music]
i want to keep listening to it dude it
was all supposed to be a sneak peek you
might leak it no i'm not gonna link it
you can trust me just let me listen to
it i trust you bro but i can't risk it
okay
bye
come back you forgot your laptop
wait a minute
i can keep listening to it
oh that must be little t realizing he
forgot his laptop hello what's up dude
hey joseph what are you doing here dude
i just ate a lizard and i kept the tail
for my bro you know i love collecting
lizard tails of course you know i know
my bro you wanna come inside yeah let's
go so what you been up to bro i just saw
the coolest music video ever what
seriously where is it i want to see it
it's on this laptop okay i got to see
this what it's locked by a password oh
whose laptop is this it's little tease
he's a rapper he made the coolest song
ever let's try to log in and see um what
do you think his password is oh how
about we try password yeah try that i
know it's wrong okay how about we try i
love hoes oh yeah i like that one it has
to be that that was the wrong one god
well let me try this let me try this no
no it has to be let me try this
oh no joseph i think we just fried the
laptop ah
you fried the laptop i didn't do it no
you fried it was probably with your spit
from your braces all over the keyboard
watch your mouth that's a speech
impediment you're talking about oh okay
oh my god okay so the computer's
destroyed that means that means we
accidentally deleted the song everything
on the computer is deleted but dude he
can make a bunch more songs it's not
that serious you don't understand he
loved this song we have to get it back
oh he's going to kill us well what do we
do oh
oh what we can call a computer repair
man yeah the computer repair me i can
totally fix it okay well let me call i'm
gonna call him hey did somebody call
computer repairman did you so happy to
have an extremely large shirt oh yeah i
accidentally fried my laptop oh i see
what's happening here your laptop your
chickens
classic no i was just trying to watch a
video oh kiss me every time what kind of
video he's trying to watch oh don't tell
me everyone has your favorites for
instance i like busty asians what
yeah have you ever seen one piece can
you just try to fix my laptop
let's open her up
oh crusty keyboard huh
i suggest using a shock next time well
no look it's just fried i was trying to
log in ooh if you forget to log in you
should probably keep it on your phone in
your notes my username is cockhorse
spaniel
can you try to fix my laptop please yeah
i'll see what i can do
here yeah
oh
i see what i have to do now but it's not
going to be pretty i suggest you turn
your head okay
hey there baby
don't worry i'm going to be gentle
yeah you like that
[Applause]
you good bro yeah i think i'm done
okay
let's open her up oh
it works it works out you fix it i did a
hard factory reset oh that's so cool
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait hold on what all the
files are deleted well yeah it's your
factory reset hey you got any juice what
what i need the files back well there's
nothing i can do about that buddy
call me see you later
joseph we need those files back well at
least the computer's fixed well no no i
don't care about the computer we need
the song we need the song how about we
make a song and then we play it for
little t he'll totally be happy but why
would he be happy if we made a song
joseph because he could sell the song
dude or hop on the song with us huh i
guess he would appreciate us making him
a new song if we deleted his oh we can
make a music video too it's just like
his yeah okay let me go grab a
microphone let's make a song in a music
video
okay so i got the mic set up let's start
making a hit rap song so what are we
gonna rap about bro um what do rappers
usually rap about um usually hoes cars
money let's stick with hoes yeah yeah
stay on topic yeah we don't people get
confused all right so let's rap about
hoes let's get started yeah oh my god
joseph how did we do it this song is so
amazing i know dude it's so sick there's
no way little t could be mad at us yeah
he's gonna like this song more than his
song it's great
yeah so now all we got to do is record a
music video and we can show him but dude
where do we get the girls for the music
video oh yeah you're right we need girls
we rapped about hoes we gotta have hoes
in the music video at least one do you
know any girls oh i noticed one girl she
lives under the underpass but she's
homeless and missing a leg missing a leg
she's gotta be hot bro under the right
lighting she's bad
well listen we need girls with two legs
um ooh i can call penelope and get her
in the music video she'd love to be in
it oh that's a good idea dude do it let
me grab my phone all right joseph it's
ringing dude do you really think she'll
be in the video of course she'll be in
the video she's a girl girls love
attention you're right dude what do you
want junior i thought i blocked you you
know you can't block big daddy ew i'm
hanging up now no no don't hang up i
need your help with something help with
what uh what do girls like uh makeup uh
the barbie dolls uh the wnba oh i wanna
talk about the wnba oh who's your
favorite team who's my favorite team oh
dude she's really quizzing you now hold
the name of team joseph don't get the
name of team darrell trash oh just
google google google i'm waiting uh i
really like the team with the girls with
the with the boobies what sally sparks
they're the la spars oh my god i love
them me too every time they make a hoop
i go sparks park sparks oh you do yep i
love it i love that they all have cans
every team has them junior they're girls
well look i want you to come over so you
can help me pick out my favorite player
okay i'll be right there all right i'll
see you then oh that was so close yeah
dude that was a close one but you didn't
even ask her to dance in the video
because i don't want to ask her that
over the phone of course she'll say no i
have to get her over here and then
she'll say yes oh chess moves i like
this all right junior i have a list of
my favorite wnba players let's start
with all right screw that how about you
drop that ass for a music video nice
approach how can she say no excuse me
did you just fart no junior then why'd
you say excuse me junior i came over
here to talk about the wnba you know
dare well i don't know nothing about no
wnba but the la sparks what about uh
yeah no one no one cares listen i just
lie to you to get you come over i'm
leaving no no no no no i actually do
need your help with something and i'll
pay you a lot of money yeah handsomely
okay you're gonna pay me to do what okay
listen we recorded a rap song and we
need a hoe for the music video uh-huh
yeah just act like you have no morals
yeah you like listen like i know you're
not a hope i need to act like one for a
music video junior i'm not a hoe i'm not
doing it well listen i know you have
some daddy issues deep down inside just
let them come out like hate your father
for just two minutes no junior oh
i have a lot of money to pay you how
much uh let me grab my piggy bank piggy
bank
all right here's my piggy bank it has so
much money in it and i want you to agree
to do the music video no matter how much
money is in here before i break it open
no junior i'm not doing that what a fool
i've seen him put millions no billions
in this piggy bank yeah i put a hundred
dollar bill in this every single day i
don't believe you junior so will you be
in the music video for however much
money's in here no i want to see the
money first she wants to see the money
first talk about a gold digger am i
right okay i'm about to bust this open
that's it big baller junior in the
building there's a dollar and there's a
nickel and two pennies oh there's a
quarter over there no i'm not doing it
junior come on penelope every
millionaire started with a dollar i'm
out of here oh come on wow you know what
you're never gonna be anything in life
with that mentality
joseph where are we going to find a girl
for the video you know what dude i have
an idea okay bro how do i look joseph no
homo you're so hot i already know look
but i'm a classy broad you have to take
me on two dates before you can bang this
all right so let's go record the music
video and you can dance around in it
let's work my little bruto oh my god
joseph this music video is so sick i
know dude i was jerking my little booty
up there look at me shaking look at me
shaking all we gotta do is show a little
tea now oh man let me get out of this
outfit first all right hey junior oh hey
little t i was just about to call you
yeah i forgot i left my laptop here bro
wait you didn't peek at the song did you
uh well you see actually i accidentally
deleted your song what well
but me and my friend joseph we recorded
you a new song and i think you're gonna
love it look
watch the music video
man joseph what's up bro we're about to
kill this beat oh yeah dude wait i feel
it i'm charging
hit me with hypnosis i wanna take a bite
of that booty i'm ferocious the booty
talking to me girl what's the commotion
i got a headache man where's the iron
profession drop to your knees like it's
time for devotion she want to ride my
boat it's the motion of the ocean
again it again it again hold it twerk it
again it again it again
[Music]
oh my god junior that was amazing wait
really you liked it yeah i can't believe
it you're really that good wow you can
actually be the ghost writer for me dude
wait wait really yeah but really who was
that girl in the music video though damn
she was shaking it
you got to hook me up bro come on give
me your number please please well it's
actually that's actually my friend
joseph he's a dude
you must not know about larry then
[Music]
you