[Music]
oh Hank I'm so excited it's been so long
since we've had a date night yeah we
haven't been out together since the kids
were born so what movie are we going to
watch it's called stab it's a scary
movie oh no Hank I hate scary movies I
hope it's not violent Just sh and eat
your popcorn the movie
started who Could That Be
darn it why the phone have to ring the
movie was just getting good Hank why
would you want to see that woman naked
uh
babies hello hello who is this yes no
seriously who is this were you expecting
someone
no are you sure about that Mariah this
isn't Mariah what this isn't Mariah are
you sure yeah Mar why is my next door
neighbor [ __ ] damn son of a [ __ ] are
you okay yeah I'm okay uh I'm okay it
sounds like you need a cough drop oh
people tell me that all the time so do
you know if Mariah's home no she's on
vacation in
Guam okay
so how's your night going it's fine I
was just about to shower
oh need someone to join you ew
no what a
creep stupid prank cars
[Applause]
[Applause]
oh he this move is too graphic dang it
she died before we got to see her naked
I need to go to the bathroom and get rid
of this stiffy H will you grab me a Dr
Peppa all right I'm going to look up
boobies occup
kabish someone's in here
Buckhead I said someone's using the
bathroom oh God damn hey are you de dumb
blind and [ __ ] hurry up the [ __ ] all
right well I guess you can [ __ ] while
I'm doing
this come on in
oh good you're back Hank did you get my
Dr Pepper nope oh great I see how it is
you couldn't get me a Dr Peppa but you
could go to the gift shop and get you a
costume from the guy in the movie oh
you're so selfish
ank oh
hey what are you doing
Hank I'm take the pop coin
all right Susan what do you got for me
it's Suzanne wait your name is Suzanne
I've been calling you Susan this whole
time no no no Suzanne Susan wait Susan
Suzanne no my name is Susan the victim's
name is Suzanne okay one of you's got to
change your [ __ ] name cuz that's
really confusing she also has a daughter
named Susie really you couldn't have
been more creative with female names I
mean like how about Lisa her name could
have been Lisa and her daughter could
have been Lucy I like that yeah that
would have been nice but I mean it's too
late now cuz we're already selling her
on smlmerch.com link in the descript
destion anyway so how did Suzanne die
she was stabbed multiple times well I
don't see any blood well we can't show
that YouTube doesn't like it oh okay so
she was stabbed well what movie was she
watching stab well no you already told
me how she died I said what movie was
she watching stab no I know she was
stabbed I said what is the movie she was
watching the movie stab when she got
stabbed okay this is a really confusing
[ __ ] day there's also a stab victim
in the bathroom oh and what's his name
Suzanne Hank hucker oh wait so so
they're married yes wait that means they
probably have kids at home and that
means somebody has to tell their kids
their parents are dead can I do it no no
no sir I think it's a good idea that I
handle it no no no I'm really good at
telling kids are parents to De no you
got in trouble last time oh all right
guy remember they have feelings try to
take this
seriously sus you're not supposed to
answer the door for strangers hello
knock knock the cops no let not how the
joke works it's supposed to say who's
there knock knock who's there not your
parents cuz the dead I don't get it
that's so funny
okay tough crowd uh let's see um have
you kids ever had a goldfish yeah okay
great and what happened to that goldfish
it died okay perfect so now imagine you
had two of those goldfish and both of
them were your parents and then they
died our parents are goldfish no no
let's see goldfish goldfish crackers
okay what happens when you eat Goldfish
crackers in my belly no okay Jesus let's
abandon the whole goldfish allegory okay
so you know how your parents weren't
stabbed to death when they left the
house yeah well that's changed what
about the goldfish oh Jee okay your
parents got stabbed to death at the
movie theater okay there's dead as your
stupid
goldfish what what come I
say God damn it guy when you tell kids
their parents are dead you're supposed
to be nice I was nice I said a knocknock
joke and I tried to explain it with
goldfish but guy you're supposed to be
sincere you're supposed to say things
like I'm so sorry for your loss you know
stuff like that but that's just going to
make them sad I figured if I say it
funny maybe it won't hurt so much well
listen guy I'm suspending you suspending
me yeah with with a killer on the loose
that's really smart you know I'm the
only cop left now that Simmons is dead
well still guy I'm suspending you for 2
weeks with pay wait with pay are you
sure that's a punishment that sounds
like a paid vacation I got to yell at
kids more often thank you so Tyrone
Cody's asleep you know what that means
ooh I already know baby we get high as
[ __ ] damn right pull out the fatty oh I
already got it rolled up a gorilla
finger somebody called tazan cuz we're
about to go ape [ __ ] yeah baby go ahead
and get a lot of your crazy crack ass
[ __ ]
homie we about to get lit baby all
aboard the Polar Express cuz I know that
guy was high as [ __ ] yeah zooted and
boot
it oh [ __ ] go go go go go go go go go go
go go get some good
[ __ ] thought he had weak lungs for a
second you know I thought you were going
to kill us but you're cool as F no no no
no no I wouldn't kill you guys you guys
are my homies ah yeah he cool as hell he
invite to cookout hey do you guys have a
bottle of water bottle of water your
thirsty ass old [ __ ] ass no you're a
[ __ ] n you a [ __ ] I am
I is that so freaking ass hey hey hey
you guys want to have a little fun what
a little fun yeah let's let's do some
prank calls sh oh yeah let's do prank
calls prank
calls all right guys let
R hello
hello who's this is your refrigerator
running I mean it's on well you better
go catch
it who is this
[ __ ] no seriously like what's the point
of this phone call hey what's your
favorite scary movie um I don't really
like watching Scary Movies oh okay
that's that's chill that's chill so
how's your night going oh you know it's
going pretty good just chilling killing
yeah I get that that well yeah I'm going
to hang up now okay bye hey guys you
know it'll be really funny what's that
if I went over there and killed
him if I literally went over there and
killed
him you guys think I I should kill him
got kill him go on you guys dare me dare
dare
dare going to do
it oh murder hey there Marvin oh what do
you you doing here wow okay nice to see
you too no I just meant like what are
you doing here I just thought I would
come over and hang out with my best
friend unless this is your way of saying
we're not best friends oh no we are
friends I just want to know what made
you come over right now why are you busy
you don't look busy I've never seen you
be busy I just want to know what made
you come over why do you have other
friends coming no how was your day thank
you so much for asking well I actually
got suspended for my police job with pay
what' you do well I told these two kids
their parents were dead but I did it in
a funny way how are their parents dead
they were brutally stabbed to death how
was that funny oh no no it's not funny
the way their parents died wasn't funny
but the way I told the kids the parents
died was funny how' you tell them well
it's a whole thing you wouldn't
understand it involves goldfish and a
knocknock joke okay well I just figured
since I have all this free time we could
hang out you know it's October we could
go do something fun you know go get a
pumpkin morbin go to a pumpkin patch
morbin go get a pumpkin from a pumpkin
patch morbin no I don't want to go to a
pumpkin patch and get a pumpkin I'd
rather do that in the daytime oh okay
what who is that I don't know what but
you you said you didn't have other
friends coming so you better not have
invited other friends I don't want to
have to hang out with other people and I
don't know him it would be really
awkward I said there's no friends coming
so that's not a friend okay so then can
I go tell them to go away well what if
it's some un important well you just
said you didn't invite other friends so
it can't be somebody in Borton well it
could be okay fine go answer it thank
you are we going to go get a pumpkin I
no no no we're not getting the pumpkin
not right now maybe tomorrow hello
Marvin says go away oh man really yeah
wait who are you I'm his old friend wait
how old because he and I go all the way
back to 2010 oh me and Marvin are old
friends from C oh I can't break up
college buddies you
drink Mar this guy drinks like a fish
he's [ __ ] awesome [ __ ] yeah I'm
boofing it Jeffy is definitely not 21
and I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah hey
guys can I be honest with you guys yeah
sure man [ __ ] yeah I I was originally
supposed to come over here to kill him
what [ __ ] yeah yeah but I'm I'm not
going to do it you guys are way too cool
yeah my man [ __ ] yeah Marvin you just
keep saying [ __ ] yeah you okay buddy
[ __ ] yeah all right all right but if
anyone asks if anyone asks i k you all
right you got it Budd [ __ ] yeah yeah
[ __ ]
yeah hey buddy one question who are
you Charlie and friends was filmed in
front of a live
audience I never would have guessed [ __ ]
yeah
he
[Music]