so Joseph what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm baller hashtag me
too
I gots an idea how about we watch the
tape
Joseph what is that oh dude that's just
my British voice you know I'm just
trying it out yeah I would stick to your
normal voice yeah let's watch TV
[Music]
blankey knows okay there's a new illness
going around called the cough cough and
the government is urging everyone to
stay six feet away from each other they
are also urging every citizen to stay
indoors and do not go outside until the
cough cough goes away whoa hey Joseph
you don't have a pool party oh yeah dude
let's have a pool party yeah let's have
a pool party wait you don't have a pool
we get new the neighbor's pool oh yeah
let's use the neighbor's pool yeah let's
get as close as we can and breathe out
in each other's mouths yeah invade each
other's personal privacy yeah wait
really dude the guy on the news said
that we have to Stacey speech away from
each other
six peeps away from each other yeah
pretty sure that's what he said six
peeps six peeps
yeah I have ears dude I heard him but
you don't have ears well you don't
either
just shut up six feet six peeps all
right Joseph there's six piece perfect
six peeps away from each other just like
the news said that's really weird that
they measured in peeps I know right
are you sure they didn't say six feet
away from each other I'm pretty sure
they said six peeps unless I have a
speech impediment
which I do I mean Pete and Pete sound
pretty close together now I have a TV so
I wasn't even watching the news
you know what Joseph we're not gonna say
six feet away from each other and we're
not gonna stay six peeps away from each
other because this whole sickness thing
is stupid we're gonna have that pool
party invited be the pool party okay
dude what's up Cody yeah what's up
fruitcake because we want to see that
big beautiful nose of yours
yeah those ugly four-eyes yeah all four
of them thanks because I want to invite
you to the pool party I'm throwing oh
yeah dude it's gonna be a blast you
should come yeah Cody come on but my
neighbor does I've never met him he's
actually missing up his wife Fatima
Tigers or something no man so you're
just gonna use this pool come on dude
Plus well yeah there's that but didn't
you see the news we're all supposed to
stay home and stay six peeps away from
each other with six peeps
I know
though the government-to-government no
I've heard to town riding on a pony yeah
I've always had this deep feeling in my
girl's house and we're gonna make him
come outside go to the pool party oh
yeah he has to come Yessica we're gonna
make we go to this pool party oh yeah
we're going to make a call where were
you going the pool party dude you're not
gonna get sick Kui which one is from the
swimming pool FaceTime you can trim your
face time yeah dude is so lame right
he's not gonna get sick let's go swam
nice no fun dude this is the letters
I can't wait Kody's missing out on this
dude he's such a loser I know he's such
a loser so much fun we're having so much
fun without Cody hey loser loser hey
what's it like being in your house not
swimming yeah yeah yeah being a loser
well you could be in this sick pool with
us yeah the sick party oh because I got
water in my nose and am i throwing shut
up yeah yeah yeah yeah oh are you
English swim with us Cody well I could
just you know I could just put my put my
phone in the water well I just want you
to swim that was a cannonball yeah he's
gonna drown he's been down there for
like five minutes he probably drowned
dude it's your phone and it's probably
broken or something wait wait it's a
waterproof okey dude I got your phone
but I think Cody drowned he drowns yeah
do we even save him dude he's our friend
we have to okay fine I don't get
mouth-to-mouth
[Music]
don't you die on me dude okay you know
what let's enjoy our pool party okay
okay
[Laughter]
we might be sick Joseph II I think we
should call a doctor
yeah we need to call yeah I do cut my
own hair because my mother is a
hairdresser
so I basically know what I'm doing
anyway doctor like my friend y6p twin
well because peeps are pretty much
useless because no one needs them anyway
so we just put them on the ground as a
unit okay okay so we won't go near
anyone else and we'll say or stay six
feet away from each other okey do this
six peep two away from each other
anything else doctor okay one more
question why are you in a Walmart
shopping cart you're in a Walmart
shopping cart
we have the phone is in a Walmart
shopping cart because I thought that
your phone was like really dirty and
just like covered with germs so I put it
in the shopping cart so that I wouldn't
have to touch the germs okay look if you
have any more questions just ask Brad
and hopefully they'll say something more
helpful all right thank you doctor well
listen to what you said all right all
right Joe so we're gonna stay six peeps
away from each other okay okay then take
a step back do you take a step back
sorry
yeah okay close to me okay clean young
and beautiful to get sick because of you
I am NOT dying from a cop I'm trying to
be a million except one day well me and
you both know you're not to be a
millionaire chef so let's hug back up
the peeps
oh I'm sorry dude chef peepee said he to
go to my room and die alone wait he
really said that something like that oh
there's no hope for us Jose if we're
gonna die alone nobody loves me anyway
hey doctor what are you doing here oh
wait wait wait wait your friend has his
mouth all over the Walmart shopping cart
but we really can't get it we can't get
it so we're not gonna die so we can do
yeah thank you you know six pizza
parties apart I mean I don't even like
peeps I actually like peeps they're like
my favorite
[Music]