come on someone pass the ball to Jimmy
pass it there we go there you go Jimmy
yes two points for the E Boyne go to
sleep I'll go to sleep as soon as this
Miami Heat game's over but Boyne I'm
trying to call for the fire station
tonight what if there's a fire you're
gonna need some sleep honey fires don't
happen at night the only fire happening
tonight is the Miami Heat and Jimmy
Butler because he is on fire Bonnie I
still think you need some rest Jimmy
Butler doesn't need rest 40 minutes of
playing time is insane Jimmy Butler's
not a firefighter Boyne yeah well he
might as well be because he's always
dealing with the heat just go to sleep
yeah I'll go to sleep if they win when
they win they're gonna win what if
what is this well then I will
stop
Houston Rockets more like Houston
sockets because I suck at basketball
they should change their name to that go
to bed boydy I am Karen oh man Jimmy
Butler's so cool he put up 30 points by
himself I bet Jimmy Butler could put up
30 points from his bed I bet I could put
up 30 points from bed oh this is gonna
be great I'm Jimmy Butler
doing shut up Karen this is gonna be
cool I'm Jimmy Butler
okay that was me shooting but this is
gonna be Jimmy please
one shot kid well how long is that Gonna
Take It Ends right here
okay this is starting to piss me off
when he please go to bed
it's game seven of the NBA Finals
they're up by one there's three seconds
left it's up to me to make the
game-winning shot three two one
I missed we lost wait what's that three
more seconds were magically added I get
another shot
okay three two one
well [ __ ] pointy go to bed okay okay I'm
going to bed I'm done
what's that I was fouled and I get a
free
I was fouled Karen I get a free throw
all right Pony you lost the game's over
you were found no time added to the
clock magically now hand me the notebook
paper but I need this notebook for work
give it to me
no no I promise I won't touch it good
night you promise I promise good night
good night
foreign
okay fine right after this chip
[Music]
and the fire chief's calling hello sorry
there's a fire at an apartment complex
and you're the only firefighter within
100 miles get your ass down here okay
right away sir what's wrong boy there's
a fire well bunny you're gonna get ready
God get up you gotta go but I'm tired
well you shouldn't have stayed up all
night watching basketball and playing
Paper basketball and eating chips in
case I went bad I know I know all right
let me just get my fire outfit uh where
is that firefighter outfit not cop uh
not doctor
not clown
not airline pilot not karate instructor
damn it Karen have you seen my
firefighter outfit no Bonnie I haven't
seen it anyway
let me just lay here and think about the
last time I had it maybe I'll think
better with my eyes closed
[Music]
oh man I gotta pee all right hold on
what oh hold on oh no I have 39 missed
calls from the fire chief oh no the fire
that was hours ago right I mean somebody
had to have put it out by now I better
go to the fire station hey hey there
Chief I'm here I got your calls oh did
you well where you been guy you're
several hours late I I had a a flat tire
and the heat one oh yeah well the heat
went against that apartment building too
because the whole building burned down
and all 50 people inside died 50 people
died why didn't anybody put out the fire
well you were the only firefighter we
had on duty guy we were waiting on you
why didn't you put out the fire I'm the
chief I'm the police chief and the
firefighter Chief I I don't do that I'm
the chief what so so 50 people died
because of me yes guy we were waiting on
you and you never hurricane this is all
your fault
50 people died because of me
Wendy what's wrong did you put out the
fire no I let 50 people die what I fell
asleep after the chief called me so
nobody was there to put out the fire so
the building burned down and everyone
died
so tired well you should
you shouldn't hold my point anything of
all the people that suffered I didn't
think Washington would make so many
people die from me I just can't believe
all those people burning the women and
the children and the poor animals
I'm just gonna go to one of my other
jobs and try to distract myself
oh maybe flying a plane will help me
clear my mind let me just tell everybody
the weather
uh thanks for flying Spirit Airlines
today uh weather's looking pretty smooth
it's a nice 87 degrees outside uh should
be nice and smooth sailing from here to
Phoenix
I'm sorry I'm crying it's just that I
killed 50 people earlier today I just
really hope I don't kill anyone else
why are they screaming there's no
turbulence damn it girl you scared the
hell out of those passengers I'm sorry
flight Chief I just wanted to tell them
about the 50 people I killed well maybe
you shouldn't fly a plane for a little
while yeah you're right maybe I'll go do
my doctor job then I can actually save
lives well time to save some lives okay
nurse what patience do we have today no
patience today doctor just a bunch of
corpses from the fire that happened
earlier this morning oh God no poor
little Timmy over here for example oh
Timmy I'm sorry Timmy this is all my
fault are you okay doctor no I'm just
gonna go do house calls oh man I'm so
sick
Jeffy can you please bring me a cough
drop oh yeah Daddy I got your [ __ ] drop
right here go ahead and grab it Jeffy
don't talk like that give it to me oh
yeah baby can you take the wrapper off
okay oh you don't like protection Daddy
You Like It Raw Jeffy shut up here
Marvin oh yeah put that thing in your
mouth daddy does it feel huge in your
mouth shut up just get out of here maybe
you call a doctor yeah he's on his way
Marvin hey there somebody call a doctor
what's wrong with you nothing I don't
want to talk about it what's wrong with
you well I have a really bad cough well
at least you didn't burn to death what
Marvin look the news
[Music]
breaking news Okay an apartment complex
burned down killing 50 people inside
because the fire department didn't show
up how sad oh my got those four people
what did the fire department show up oh
I don't know maybe because he was too
busy sleeping because he stayed up all
night watching and then he was eating
chips and queso and playing Paper
basketball baby that's why well that's
really irresponsible I know I'm so sorry
but you did all those things yeah you
killed those
those don't rub it in I already feel bad
enough well baby it might not be
completely his fault well what happened
to the other firefighters well I don't
know maybe there's like a recession and
we're understaffed I don't know like
there was 50 people in the building what
and some of them run out who knows maybe
they would trap and I could have saved
well don't beat yourself up about it
buddy you know you win some you lose 50
people sometimes yeah yeah I guess
you're right yeah yeah it's not
completely your fault you could have
only saved like what possibly 25 if you
tried yeah you're probably right I feel
a lot better now well if you'll excuse
me I have a birthday party I have to go
be a clown at well with my cough
oh dang it happy birthday Tyler all your
friends are here do you want to open
your gifts of course I do that's the
only good thing about my birthday okay
your first gift is a Lego Speed
Champions that's all I wanted you [ __ ]
Tyler well if you don't want it I'm
thinking go work at Taco Bell or
something Felipe Tyler don't talk to
your friends
oh look Tyler your clown is here hey
everybody it's me BoBo the Clown make me
a balloon animal funny man oh I left my
balloons at home but hey check this out
my nose squeaks you're a bomb Tyler
behave yourself no no he's right
I killed 50 people this morning
no not on purpose oh damn it okay I'm
taking this Legos
damn it where's
Gary sorry I had to come from my Clown
job well you have bigger problems than
that you remember those 50 people that
died in that fire yeah don't remind me I
know it's my fault well actually it's
not it turns out all 50 of those people
were shot in the head before the murder
burned the building down wait so you're
telling me they died from getting shot
they didn't die in the fire so it
doesn't matter that I watched the Heat
game and ate chips and queso and played
paper basketball oh thank God I'm so
happy now but we still have to catch
that murderer we set up a sting
operation at a gas station and he should
be there at six o'clock so you need to
get your ass down there and catch them
but sir the Heat game starts at six
o'clock get down there and stop that
murderer don't screw this up yes sir
yeah go ahead Orlando Magic more like
the Orlando suck it's because I suck at
basketball that's what they should
change their name to boy didn't you say
you had something to do tonight yeah
watch the Heat
oh oh no oh God I am so fired
[Music]