Bo why was this wet microphone in the
toilet Karen that's not a microphone
it's a toilet brush speaking to the my
Bo they can't hear you Karen get that
out of my face it smells like poop wait
you said it's a brush let me brush your
hair get that away from me it's wet from
all the piss water it's a toilet brush
you use it to clean toilets why wouldn't
you just flush Bo well you use it after
you flush in case there's leftovers ew
what do I do with it now I don't know
throw it away at this point oh yeah
that's just great that's great Karen you
know sometimes I think my life would be
better without you
you don't mean that Bo yes I do look how
fast I'm nodding that's how much I mean
it what the hell is
[Music]
that shut
up what the hell was that was that a
flashbang wait wait they just kid my
wife oh my God what am I going to do woo
yeah shake those knockers let me
motorboat this the best day
[Music]
ever oh man ho that was great well I
guess I should probably call the cops
and report my wife kidnapped I mate you
called the cops yeah guy what's going on
somebody kidnapped my wife your what
yeah we were just sitting on the couch
minding our own business and I was
telling her how much happier I would be
without her and then all of a sudden
these two random guys broke in and they
threw a flashbang at us and they
kidnapped her and then I went to the
strip club to grieve well why didn't you
call us first well you know I had to go
to the strip club you know to grieve
wait a minute gu didn't you take out a
huge life insurance policy on your wife
just a few days ago well yeah but that's
because she got in her third car
accident and I figured hey if she's
going to die I might as well make some
money off of it well you know mate that
does sound suspicious what no no no you
guys don't actually think I hired
somebody to kill my wife just because I
told her I would be happier without and
I took out a big life insurance policy
on her and I went to the strip club to
celebrate I I mean grieve all right M
put your hands behind your back no no
come on I didn't even do anything well
let the judge decide that guy oh come on
this is so bogus order order order order
I am the honorable Judge poer and today
we will be hearing the case of Brooklyn
guy who is being accused of arranging
the kidnapping of his own wife but first
I'd like to thank courtroom sponsor for
today Dragon City yes that's right
today's trial is sponsored because our
federal funding is quite limited so
everybody please direct your attention
to the TV on the wall so we can watch an
ad by Dragon City hey there Dragon
Masters I'm back with more Tales from
Dragon City just wait till I tell you
what's new in the dragon realm my dragon
Empire has grown massively we're not
just talking about a few dragons here
and there we're talking a full-blown
Dynasty and the Dragon City roster is
constantly adding unique creatures it's
like every time I log in there's a new
Dragon waiting to join the Cody Kingdom
but being a dragon Overlord isn't just
about collecting it's also about
creation the game's constantly evolving
with even more magical habitats and
buildings and for the competitive
players out there the PVP battles are
epic Arenas built just for us I've been
defending my title and climbing higher
and higher on the leaderboard if there
was a dragon Master Crown it'd be
sitting right here in my little puppet
head and the game wouldn't be the same
without their challenges that require
some real mental power there are Realms
within Realms each with Mysteries
that'll test the limits of your dragon
Squad in the social clubs trading
dragons has become the new stock market
there are also alliances that feel like
being part of an exclusive Club where
everyone's just as Dragon obsessed as I
am and yes I still sneak peeks at the
other cities to make sure mine stays top
tier so if you haven't tried Dragon City
yet now is the time click the link in
the description or scan the QR code to
join you'll get a special bundle with
15,000 food 30,000 gold and the
legendary Neo isumi Dragon to kick off
your journey with a bang go build your
own dragon Empire now thank you Dragon
City so we can proceed with the case so
did you kill your wife or what no your
honor I would never do anything bad to
my wife I mean yeah there are some days
I wish it was legal for me to hit her
and there are some days I want to
suffocate her with a pillow on her sleep
the sweet feeling of her gasping last
breath as she dies would be the greatest
feeling in the world but every husband
feels that way about their wife
sometimes right H yes I can agree my
wife can get on my nerves sometimes too
but I'm a little confused though when
you realize your wife had been kidnapped
you went to the strip club why didn't
you call 911 oh well I thought whoever
ever kidnapped my wife would probably
bring her back after 5 minutes cuz she's
annoying as hell also there was this
stripper I've always wanted to p and I
thought this would be my only chance to
go to the strip club without my wife
calling me asking me where I was well
it's just a little suspicious that you
didn't call the police it's almost like
you were celebrating that your wife had
been kidnapped oh come on your honor I
would never celebrate anything bad
happening to my wife you can ask anybody
they'll tell you I love her like s
Simmons don't I love my wife no don't
don't listen to Simmons he doesn't know
what he's talking about ask anybody else
all right then let's ask your daughter
Penelope would you say your father hates
his wife would he ever cause harm to her
oh my dad hates her he always says she's
annoying and he's always being mean to
her my dad likes to play Grand Theft
Auto and run over women with a car and
he pretends it's his wife he would
definitely hire someone to kill her I
see oh come on nuh-uh your honor I plead
nuh-uh look if you just give me a chance
to clear my name I promise I will do
that H okay I'll tell you what I give
you 12 hours to prove you Innocent but
if you can't prove you didn't do this I
will bang this G so hard and sentence
you to the electric chair deal your
honor out of my way Marvin I want to get
my nails done baby we're puppets we
don't have nails oh man hey guys you
just walk into our house without asking
or ringing the doorbell yeah it's really
important I'm in a lot of trouble what's
going on well my wife get kidnapped oh
no but your wife got kidnapped who would
do that I don't know but the worst part
is everybody thinks I did it and now I
have 12 hours to prove my innocence or
I'm going to get the electric chair what
evidence do they have that you did do it
well none really but I mean hey we need
a problem right okay so who do you think
would kidnap your wife who would want
her I don't know I don't know who would
want her I don't even want her I guess
that's why I'm the prime suspect I don't
think anybody hates my wife more than I
do hell maybe I did do it and I just
don't remember H did you do it no no no
no I couldn't have done it well is there
anyone that hates you and is trying to
frame you hates me me I'm Brooklyn tea
guy I carry these videos look at any top
10 list I guarantee I'm number one and
if I'm Number Two it's right after this
bozo like come on look at him I mean I
carry those videos no nobody hates me
where am I on the list oh you're not
even top 10 you're not even top 20
you're right at the bottom right under
Mr Pig and corn dog a okay let's stay on
track who do you think would kidnap your
wife I don't know I don't even know
where you go to hire goons to kidnap
wives oh hold on my phone's ringing
maybe my wife okay guys what I was
trying to say before I ran out like a
babbling idiot and definitely didn't
forget my line is hopefully they let my
wife go and that's her calling me but I
can see from the caller ID it's not my
wife it's my
exwife uh-oh why would she be calling
that's so wacky hello
o hey there Brooklyn guy it's me Deborah
dimple ass hey there Deborah hey look at
me she sounds like Mr Meeks we didn't
have a lot of options for voices Deborah
what do you want I I was just wondering
if you picked up Penelope from school to
day yes I did Deborah oh we thank you
and I I saw what happened to your wife
and she got kidnapped oh what a shame
who would do that not me guys I'm
starting to think maybe Deborah
kidnapped my wife oh so I was wondering
if maybe you wanted to get back together
there's the motive hey Deborah I think
maybe you should come over so we can
talk about this ooh is it going to be
food yeah there's going to be food oh oh
is it going to be a lot of food yeah a
lot of food o we can do okay just call
me when you get here actually you know
what you don't have to I'll hear the
dump truck pulling in okay guys my
ex-wife's on the way wait why is she
coming here well because I'm 99% sure
she kidnapped my wife so if we can just
record her admitting it I can show that
to the judge and I won't get the
electric chair hopefully he'll give her
the electric whale tank cuz I don't
think she's going to fit in a chair okay
so what can we use to like motivate her
to tell us food well what kind of food
does she like oh any food it doesn't
matter anything with calories and fat
lot of fat lard mayonnaise butter I mean
you she'll eat anything you put in front
of her she's like a goat I saw her eat a
can one time like a can of food yeah
like a can of Spaghetti O she couldn't
open it so she just ate the whole damn
can she just ate the whole can yeah the
whole thing she has a stomach like a
trash compactor okay well then we need
to grab some food yeah let's go get the
food okay Marvin I got the food wa is
this for all of us to share oh no this
is just for Deborah she can eat all this
Marvin this is like a light snack for
her she's probably going to complain cuz
there's not enough food I got five
triple Whoppers with cheese and onion
rings and bacon on them and I got a bowl
of ketchup to wash down her plate of
french fries and I got a chocolate shake
and she's probably going to complain cuz
it's not filled all the way to the top
and just to be safe I got two beefy five
layer burritos and two chalupas from
Taco Bell I just don't understand how
she can eat all this oh yeah she makes
Joey Chestnut look like a chump she's
banned from all eating competitions all
around the world because of her
bottomless stomach well do you think
this food's going to be good enough for
her to admit that she kidnapped your
wife I hope so wait Marvin do you hear a
dump truck backing up I think she's here
oh Marvin Marvin look the ketchup's
jiggling she's off the dump truck she's
heading this way she's coming what do we
do there's nothing you can do Marvin
okay she's at the door I'll answer it
because she eats people when she gets
startled hello hey booklyn guy it's me
Deborah I know Deborah hey it's good to
see you have you lost weight no I've
gained 20
actually oh well you know that's that's
not surprising wait is is that a
beverage from Taco Bell yeah I got
hungry on the way here so I ordered a
little
snack thank you for that yeah I ordered
12 chalupas cuz I was so hungry oh your
normal order well that's great cuz you
knew you were coming to dinner so it's
great that you ate first come on in O we
are starving oh yeah those 12 chalupas
didn't hold you over Noh ooh oh is all
this food for me yeah I got you a whole
Buffet just the fattest junk oh are
those triple Whoppers with cheese and
bacon and onion rings just like you like
them see Brooklyn Guy this is why we
need to be together you know my favorite
wapper yeah I think anybody could just
look at you and guess it's the biggest
one I have a question when did her voice
start sounding like Mr Meeks well ever
since she saw that one episode of Rick
and Morty she thought it was really
funny and decided to sound like that for
the rest of her life it's me look at me
I'm Mr meink look at me to be fair it is
a very good impression but to keep that
up for the rest of her life is quite a
commitment if only she could commit to
losing weight that much okay well we
have to get her to admit to kidnapping
your wife I know I have an idea hey
Deborah I think we should play some
truth or dare oh are you going to DARE
me to eat all this food no cuz you're
going to do that anyway I was going to
ask you a truth oh are you going to ask
me my way no 600 lb okay well that
doesn't count what I was going to ask
you is did you have my wife kidnapped no
way
no see with the Mr me's voice I can't
tell if she's being sarcastic or not
like was that serious hold on my phone's
ringing who is calling me hello hey
party what Karen where are you are you
safe I'm back at home at home but where
have you been the kidnappers dropped me
off Bo they said I talk too much do you
think I talk too much I don't think I
talk too much I talk a little oh my God
shut up give me the phone damn hey man
listen I'm sorry for Flash banging you I
we were going to kidnap your wife and
ask for ransom money but holy she's
the most annoying thing I've ever seen
in my life so good luck me and my
partner we're going to turn ourselves in
wow yeah she is pretty annoying isn't
she oh yeah oh thank you well my wife is
safe wait so your ex-wife didn't kidnap
your current wife no no no no no she's
fine wait oh but that means I just
bought my fat X wife five triple
Whoppers and a whole bunch of junk food
and made her think I want to get back
with her oh is this the part where I
take all my clothes
off hey Deborah I heard crispy K cream
is offering three dozen donuts to the
fattest person I
Wing I've never seen her run that fast
the table's shaking yeah yeah it's going
to do that for a while she's still
running she's about a seven on the RoR
scale and a 600 on a regular scale
anyway I'm going to go tell the judge my
wife is home you might want to get under
a table or
something well well well Brooklyn guy
you actually did it you proved you were
innocent I guess you're free to go H
hooray woohoo yippe thank you again to
Dragon City for sponsoring this video
don't forget to click the link in the
description for your special bundle of
Rewards
[Music]