[Music]
so marvin what do you want to eat for
dinner tonight i was thinking we could
make a big old pot of green beans we
open like eight cans of green beans and
pour it in a pot and put a little bit of
salt and pepper but mostly green beans
marvin no one likes green beans but
they're healthy for you and jeffy needs
to eat healthy if he wants to live long
why don't we ask jeffy what he wants to
eat because he's gonna want like pizza
or ice cream or something ooh pizza and
ice cream sound good but that's
unhealthy baby he needs to eat healthy
but i guess we can ask him jeffy get in
here um when you're one daddy i was i
was about to do something
what do you want for dinner tonight oh i
want a big old bucket of cheese balls
but you're not gonna eat cheese balls
for dinner jeffy why i like cheese balls
they're just balls with cheese on them
yeah that's what i get if i don't shower
for three days that's gross jeffy look
you're not eating cheese balls you need
to eat green beans i hate green beans
daddy and you notice i want cheese balls
well you're not eating cheese balls
you take your hand off that lid
you do not take that lid off
you put that lid back on you do not grab
you put like you put that cheese ball
back you put that cheese ball back you
don't don't you put that cheese ball in
your mouth
i hate gravy you don't need me
you feel better that makes you feel
better hey
i think i lost my voice you lost your
voice that good i don't hear your voice
anymore no daddy it really hurts
well i don't care marvin we need to call
a doctor what if he hurt his throat box
he did not hurt
hey there someone call a doctor what
what is going on here i don't know
what's going on with that but my son
jeffy he lost his voice he went up too
hard but he did what he went up too hard
he went uh what is uh i i don't know
it's a sound he makes but he went uh too
hard well was he trying to poop trying
to poop well sometimes when i'm
constipated and i try to poop i go oh
it's like push it out you know i don't
think he's trying to poop
is that what you're trying to do
he's trying apparently that's what he's
trying to do okay so he lost his voice
doing that yeah he can't talk i try to
talk jeffy
see he's making that noise when you try
to talk okay let me get in there and
take a look all right kid open your
mouth
does he not want me to help him jeffy
open your mouth
don't do this
just open your mouth
i can't really see in there could you
open your mouth wider
oh wow okay he can dislocate his jaw
like a snake that's cool uh wait wait a
minute
he doesn't have a throat but this is a
puppet a puppet yeah he's just a puppet
so i don't think he lost his voice i
think the guy playing the puppet lost
his voice wait so lance lost his voice
yeah hold on
all right lance what's wrong with your
voice why does it sound like that i lost
it when i did the really big noise well
go get a cough dropper drink some water
we got to finish the video i don't think
we can finish the video we're going to
have to cancel filming cancel filming
we've never done that ever we can't do
that the fans will get mad if we cancel
filming logan i'll voice jeffy elena you
can't voice jeffy you only play like one
character hey i play brooklyn guy's wife
too oh god i hate you okay let me hear
your jeffy voice
what doing oh god that's awful
hey poopy uh just put brooklyn guy down
and you try to voice jeffy okay i'll try
all right so what do you want me to do i
want to hear your jeffy voice you might
be able to play jeffy oh god okay um
what doing oh wanna see my pencil that's
perfect what all right lance uh poopy's
gonna play jeffy you're just gonna
replace me like that oh you know how he
gets whenever i try to play his
characters he gets all jealous
well let let don't cry this is what i'm
talking about let's go let's go talk to
him
oh
stupid lake lance why are you throwing
rocks at the lake i'm finished my voice
is gone from playing jeffy it's never
coming back oh my god he's such a drama
queen i can go to the store for tea and
honey for your voice that doesn't work
none of your spiritual stuff works all
right lance look you've lost your voice
playing jeffy before it'll come back not
like this this time i'm done i think i'm
gonna retire
retire oh my god does this mean i can
finally play his characters logan is he
serious yeah i'm serious look i can do a
mean mr goodman check it out breaking
news and guys oh that's perfect i like
that oh let's look let's go film yeah so
i really get to play jeffy yeah your
voice sounds just like jeffy the fans
won't tell the difference awesome i've
always wanted to play him all right so
this is what's gonna happen in the scene
so you're gonna play jeffy and you're
gonna go oh i got my voice back oh and
then brooklyn got ooh can you play
broken guy and jeffy at the same time
can i play brooklyn guy and jeffy at the
same time of course i can i'm poopy you
see how long these arms are for some
reason i can do anything like doctor
octopus over here except i only have the
two arms and they're not made of metal
and i'm not alfred molina i'm poopy so i
don't really know why i said all that
well look just grab jeffy grab looking
guy let's get this scene okay okay hey
daddy my voice came back whoa his voice
came back his voice is back it's a
miracle we're so glad your voice is back
jeffy well i guess i did my job so jeffy
you learned not to scream like that ever
again it could hurt your voice i sure
did daddy
all right guys let's go eat some green
beans i hate green beans dagnabbit oh
you
dinner
poopy you have to watch this scene it
was so good oh i don't have to watch it
i know it was good everything i do is
gold your jeffy voice is just so perfect
i know i know and hey i'm not gonna lie
i've been practicing for this moment and
just between you and me i think my jeffy
voice is better than lance's it's better
than lance's why does jeffy sound
country what are you talking about yeah
i don't get it it doesn't sound good
it doesn't doesn't sound good how could
it not sound good i'm poopy i can
imitate any character name a character
jar jar binks off the dome got it misa
jaw john banks killed it logan his voice
for jeffy is terrible jar jar being spot
on but jeffy is bad can you do her
voices too so we can fire her i mean i
could try he can't do my voices i'm a
girl move aside chump check this out i'm
gonna do marvin's wife or girlfriend or
whatever she is now
oh marvin we should let jeffy do things
eh okay well you can't do brooklyn guy's
wife that's even easier
yeah you're fired
you're so good poopy oh okay can you do
uh chef pee pee's voice oh yeah junior
okay i'm firing lavell it's just gonna
be me and you buddy me and you against
the world we're gonna do all these
videos right let's get the next scene uh
uh hold on logan you know what else i
can do what
no you can't do that oh yeah i can do it
well you can't do that yep i can hold
the camera too oh well uh you can't play
marvin oh
jeffy oh stop it
no you can't do this you can't take
everyone's characters oh i can and i did
now get out of here
now i'm going to change the name of the
channel to super poopy poovey it's going
to be spp now
hey elena don't talk to me logan i don't
want my job back even if you beg me well
look pooby just fired me poopy fired you
yeah turns out he can hold the camera
and play my characters
well this is serious he's gonna take
over the channel i don't think that he
can play all our characters and film it
all and edit it all yeah i guess you're
right i don't think people could do that
either
hey losers check this out
marvin jeffy stop it and i'm filming it
your careers are over chumps
god i never thought poopy was such a
jerk i know he really is what are we
gonna do we can't let him take over the
channels oh we should call the cops he
plays the cops oh you're right he does
oh we can we call lance lance plays a
cop oh his voice is gone what are we
gonna do logan it's your house we can
just walk in
you're right let's just walk in and
let's take the channel back okay
okay where do you think he's on and go
daniel white green beans jimmy stop it i
am killing it today i think he's
upstairs all right let's go upstairs and
try to ruin his filming all right next
scene and go i don't want to eat green
beans daddy well jeffy you gotta eat
your green beans oh marvin let him do
what he wants to do
oh my god i'm controlling three
characters at the same time i even have
one on my foot i am a god hey poopy ah
what do you want loser hold on let me
put my puppets down all right what do
you want and make it quick cause i gotta
finish filming this video i have to edit
it and upload it tonight well me and
elena were talking and we decided that
you can't do this are you sure because
it looks like i'm already doing it well
you might be doing it but the fans
aren't gonna like it they're gonna hate
that you're playing every character are
you completely sure about that i'm 100
sure about that huh okay i'll tell you
what i'm gonna finish this video and
then i'm gonna upload it and if the fans
hate it then we'll just go back to the
way things were but if the fans love
this video then you and elena have to
quit forever
that's a deal what i didn't agree to
this look the fans are gonna hate it it
sucks let's make the deal all right it's
a deal all right shake on it all right
all right i'm gonna go edit i don't know
how to do that but i'm gonna figure it
out all right i uploaded the video and
it already has 10 million views and 10
million likes 10 million views and 10
million likes none of our videos haven't
got many likes how is that even possible
because my [ __ ] don't stink brah all i
make is hits well let me see this video
okay but get ready for your eyes to melt
from all the awesomeness
hey jeffy how was school today oh it was
great daddy i got an f on my report card
oh boy you got an f oh you're gonna get
it now you're grounded oh marvin an f
just means that he's doing fantastic
exactly daddy
oh cut all right that was great it was
perfect oh i'm on fire huh so what do
you think that wasn't even good it was
only 23 seconds long no no no no the
comments say otherwise let's take a look
here okay dylan says best video i've
ever seen i think poobie should play
everyone from now on well guess what
dylan i am that's exactly what i'm doing
and cindy says i honestly want a whole
series of this well congratulations
cindy cause i'm running the whole
channel now louis says absolutely
perfect in every way sorry logan but i
can't go back to your videos now that
i've seen what poobie can do hope you
understand well those are just a few
comments oh yeah well optic says poopy's
an amazing director oh and look this was
totally worth watching this is a
masterpiece this is such a masterpiece
this is beautiful what an amazing
performance by poobie oh thanks owen oh
oh look at this we need more videos like
this the acting is spot on i'm shacking
and crying right now 10 10 life changing
i changed that kid's life and look
another 10 out of 10 perfect video truly
a cinematic masterpiece quite possibly
the best piece of media i've ever seen
from super poobie poobs okay i get it
yeah yeah that's right you ain't got
[ __ ] on poobie so get stepping i deal
the deal just like that we have to go as
a deal
well elena i guess this is the end of
our channel since poopy's better than us
i guess i'll move back to maryland i
mean you always move back there
where was that noise coming from it's
coming from that closet let's see what's
inside
are you okay
wait if poopy's right here then who's
that upstairs i don't know wait let's
take the tape off his mouth
poopy what happened some maniac who
looks just like me tied me up and threw
me in here let's go see what that is
you're not gonna untie me first
you did good lance you did good you made
the entire crew think poobie's an
[ __ ] ah that'll teach them for
playing my characters
oh my god lance oh rats well i don't
understand why do you have a poopy
costume because i didn't want poopy
playing my characters what are you
talking about well you remember when we
were down by the lake after i lost my
voice
you guys were walking back to the house
so i grabbed poopy and i tied them up
and i threw them in the closet because i
didn't want to play in my characters
then i went to the store and i got honey
and tea and that fixed my voice i knew
it
yeah and then i was like you know what i
don't want logan and elena hanging out
with poobie anymore so i dressed up like
poobie and then i was mean to you guys
to make you guys hate poobie well then
how'd you get the video with the 10
million views oh i just photoshopped it
hey guys remember me the one you left
tied up in a closet oh hey lance dick
sorry poobie no no sorry poobie this is
a crime guys let's all just calm down
okay we have to finish jeffy loses his
voice so lance play jeffy are you
kidding me we're not gonna do this now
[Music]