welcome back to PP news I'm here with
the world's baldest man so tell me sir
how do you do it I'm not bald Jeffy I
have hair on the sides of my head false
where'd you get a microphone from all
righty then and now to the interview
with my diaper so tell me diaper how do
it feel to be smacked all the time oh
yeah it feels good Jeffy knock it off
stop it Jeff shut up I'm going to ask
your question so Jeffy how's it feel to
be born missing a chromosone pretty good
Marvin he's asking me mean questions I
can ask him mean questions hey Jack
really really hard sometimes because not
every time I take a [ __ ] I piss but
every time I piss I [ __ ] and the worst
part is I don't even pull my pants down
Jeffy can I say hi to my mom hi Mom look
I'm on the news there's no camera and
that's not even plugged in Jeffy go to
your room go to your
Ro go to your
Ro who's at the door hello hey Marvin oh
good man I don't have my house payment
this month it's not about the house
payment I have a big business meeting
today and you're coming with wait really
yeah let me inside so I can explain
what's going on Goodman all right Marvin
check this out I am the owner of craft
and Vita cheese and I have a big
business meeting today with McDonald's I
can't say much cuz you never know who's
recording but let's just say if this
deal goes through there's going to be a
lot of cheddar okay hey what the hell
are you doing with my news microphone
don't you ever steal from me again oh
wait why me I didn't take it come on
Marvin let's go bankrupt the burger
industry what what all right Marvin
Ronald McDonald is on his way down here
right now so when the moment's right I
need need you to hit the button on the
remote and turn on the light bulb How
will I know when oh you'll know ooh here
he is all right boys this better be good
because Ronald's a very busy man with a
lot of stuff to do and a lot of women to
stuff I understand Mr McDonald I have
the same exact problem so I'll try to
make this quick if you turn your
attention to this chart right here this
is the last week of April's craft and
Vita sales so right here on Sunday
morning we were at 30 millions in cheese
then Monday morning we were at 40
millions in cheese back down to 30 and
by
50 million can you go ahead and get to
the point because I'm getting bored I
apologize Mr McDonald but I have a
question for you do you use your own
cheese on your hamburgers yeah all right
so imagine this crafting velveted cheese
on your hamburgers I can see it now a
quarter pounder with craft and velveted
cheese or a Big Mac with craft and
velveted cheese now that sounds yummy to
me now why would I do that my [ __ ] is
already yummy what fix what ain't broken
well because craft and Vita is a
household name and everyone loves craft
and Vita cheese so I think using craf
and velv cheese on your hamburgers would
benefit us and boost your profits my
[ __ ] already tastes good I know but I
have an offer for you $100 million in
cash now this isn't all of it but this
is a show of good faith for you to use
our cheese on your hamburgers now that
sounds like a good idea idea to
me Marv light ball uh
oh now how'd you do that cuz we're the
Thomas Edison of cheese now Thomas I'm
going to be honest with you Ronald
doesn't get out of bed for anything less
than half a billion dollar half a
billion dollars you don't make half a
billion dollars in a week you don't even
make half a billion dollars in three
weeks I don't care I know what I'm worth
you're operating on a 31% margin you
need archs yeah yeah yeah I don't need
Jack [ __ ] buddy I'm out of here morvin
help uh I guess we're going have to do
the deal with
Wendy's what yeah Morphin what uh Wendy
said that they'll do the deal for $50
million they did yeah yeah you remember
oh oh yeah yeah Wendy's mhm you're
telling me that Wendy's wants this yes
Wendy's they tried the cheese on their
burgers and they said it tasted really
yummy and we did we did a a crowdsource
of people and they all said it was
really yummy they said it was better
than McDonald's okay I think I'm having
a change of heart boys how about you
give me a day to think it over no no no
you don't have a day because Wendy's is
calling me right now my phone's
vibrating I feel it on my leg no no hold
on hold on hold on give me 10 minutes I
just I got to go make a call you better
make it quick cuz we might accept the
deal with Wendy's while you're gone
Marvin you're a genius I should start
paying you but but I'm lying hey hey
Wendy it's me rold I was wondering if
maybe you wanted to come over to my
place for dinner like like a
why do I want to take you on a date
because I I lik you and [ __ ] I don't
know uh where I don't know I was
thinking maybe my
place right now yeah like I'll see you
in 5 minutes all right
yeah stupid
[ __ ] try making a $50 million deal with
you're
dead oh Ronald I'm just so surprised you
invited me out on this here day yeah me
too oh well what are we having for
dinner Big Mac and I made this one
specially for you oh what you don't like
Pig Max huh do you want to die what I'm
sorry I'm working on myself childood
drama that's why we make the Happy Meal
so let's let's eat our Burgers look
yummy yeah [ __ ] damn it what's wrong yes
did
oh will you pick up my Big Mac for me
why' you throw it on the ground it
slipped okay damn you're acting like no
one's ever had slippery fingers before
well this is just a mess I can't reach
all of it you know what I don't even
want it anymore I'll just share yours
but before we do that let's let's make a
toast okay to us it would really suck if
one of us just you know wasn't alive
like if you died that would really suck
especially if you died after drinking
this yeah that would not be good to us
us oh my God I'm so sorry you got to be
[ __ ] me I'm sorry I didn't mean to
you know what it's okay let me go get
some napkins okay thank you before I do
that let me get you oh thanks rald
that's just so s weit of
[Applause]
you
yeah
[Music]
yeah all right I'm back boys I just
talked to my manager and he wants me to
ask what did Wendy say she was willing
to accept again $50 million and uh
when's the last time you talk to right
right before you got back I just got off
the phone with her and she's ready to
accept you might want to call her again
then double check on that oh no no I
don't want to call her again cuz I told
her the next time I'd call her it would
be to tell her that we were going to
take the deal but but we wanted to give
you one more chance oh yeah well that's
okay even if you tried to call her she
wouldn't be able to answer anyway cuz
she's dead what she's dead yeah wa I
killed the ass what you killed her
yeah she's been snapped the little twig
neck shit's hilarious so
I was thinking we start the bitting at
half a billion dollar any other good
ideas [ __ ] yeah shitthead any other
good ideas look at me I'm a shitthead
good idea bad idea good idea bad
idea
[ __ ] uh well if you don't accept our
our deal then we'll we'll tell the cops
that you killed Wendy yeah and who who's
going to leave you huh well well we were
thinking that uh we have a secret
recording of you admitting
it damn
okay it looks like you guys got a deal
how about we celebrate over dinner we're
not hungry because we sell cheese we're
constipated [ __ ] yeah yeah and we think
since since uh you took too long and now
that we have blackmail on you you should
accept 50 million instead of 100 million
Marvin where did you grow balls like
that okay how about this make the
contract and I'll come over later to
sign it all right come to Marvin's house
okay you got it big boy I just got us a
do over $50 million all right Marvin we
got to write up that contract Marvin how
did your business meeting go it went
great I saved Goodman $50 million on a
deal good for you Marvin and if this
deal goes through Marvin will get $5
million only5 million I saved you 50 you
be happy Marvin $5 million is a lot of
money money I mean yeah we're still
going to be rich well I wouldn't be
celebrating yet cuz I still need Ronald
mcfuckhead signature down here the
deal's not done until I get him to sign
it Marvin did you see on the news that
Wendy from Wendy's died yeah Marvin got
her killed what Marvin how could you I
didn't get her killed I just said a lie
that maybe got her killed Marvin you lie
okay I had to lie to get his deal done
everybody hush it's quiet time quiet
time why I always have quiet time before
a deal it brings good luck so hush how
long do be hush if the deal doesn't go
through it's because you
talked but how
long D is s the
contract he's here quiet time over all
right boys where's the contract right
here all you got to do is sign on that
line and the deal will be done oh yeah
where oh right here yep oh look you
already sign you [ __ ] for your
convenience so which one of you wants to
die first well you can go ahead and
shoot Marvin but you can't kill me yet
until the deal's been done I don't think
he wants to make a deal Bingo looks like
someone's finally starting to catch on
wait you don't want the deal anymore no
you're trying to Blackmail me over $50
million well okay how much do you want
you don't have to kill anyone I want
half a billion dollar or else I shoot or
I do it okay anyway this words [ __ ]
her I'm back and ater gay what I thought
I thought Ronald McDonald snapped your
neck oh my neck game strong Jesus Christ
hey Wendy do you want a craft and Vita
deal worth $50 million where we put
cheese on your hamburgers that sounds
great to me wonderful let's go out to my
car and make some white out for this
contract and then we'll talk about the
contract actually I'll be doing the
talking you'll be
going all right wait wait wait wait wait
wait so I get any money Marvin look at
me I'm sitting crisscross applesauce in
my tuxedo you're not getting
[ __ ] what
[Music]