one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven go hey you
somewhere yeah Marvin why did you mess
him up because he got in our face with a
boing boing boing I was trying to watch
TV he's being annoying
this one at the door well I'm gonna go
find my ball
hello hi I'm Steve stalberger and I'm
representing Geico Insurance I'm here to
give you this check for ten thousand
dollars for your son's car accident why
are you giving us ten thousand dollars
for a car accident well this car was
totaled and they valued at ten thousand
dollars so here you go so what can I
spend this money on whatever you want
we got a ten thousand dollar check for
what for jeffy's car accident
s remember hit that tree
oh yeah
they gave us ten thousand dollars
because that's what they value jeffy's
car at I get ten thousand dollars no we
get ten thousand dollars Marvin I think
we should use that check to get Jeffy a
new car Jeffy does not deserve a new car
because he crashed the last one you're
not getting me a new car you guys suck
so I think we should use this money to
go on a vacation to Hawaii no
let me try this one two three Marvin you
got
it okay
oh convertible yeah Marvin I thought
it'd be nice during the summer for him
to put the top down and go to the beach
he's not supposed to drive to the beach
baby I don't even trust him to go to
school this car is supposed to drive to
school and come right back that's it
Marvin he's 18 years old let him have
some fun he has the brain of a
five-year-old Marvin what if he takes a
girl out on a date like that's gonna
happen look just put the top up and
we're not gonna tell him to talk and go
down Fine Jeffy get in here
[Applause]
Jeffy there's a surprise outside come on
okay all right Jeffy here's your new car
you got me a new car it's a
it's absurd a PP Cruiser hoes are going
to be cruising on my pee pee when they
see this bad Jeffy language now
Jeffy here's the two rules okay do not
wreck this car if you wreck this car
you're not getting another one and do
not spray paint it okay don't spray
paint it got it
[Music]
and done did Jesse ho wagon 2.0 aka the
pp Cruiser is done I know I said I
wouldn't spray paint it but I don't give
a now let's go get some hoes all
right let's crank this baby up
ah listen to that baby purr oh what's
this button do
[Music]
wow did Tom can come off that means hose
tops are gonna come off when they see
this car when I drive by they'll just be
able to jump right in so let's go get
some hoes yeah
okay Simmons this power line fell down
during a storm and now it's a hazard so
we need to move it all right well let's
move it
what happened you got electrocuted
Simmons it's a power line oh I guess
that's what the power word means in
power line yeah so we have to go kill
the power so we can move this thing oh
oh man I love this car so much it's so
awesome I'm ready for the hose
where are you jeffy's coming
okay Simmons the power is cut so it
should be safe to touch now
you're right just kidding little
electrician joke uh shulkin what's this
Joker doing hey get out of the
road we're trying to fix a power line
I'm gonna go get my piece of my mind
hey jerk off you can't park
um this is Sir you appear to be missing
your head where to go oh oh God no oh my
God how did that happen oh oh the power
line it it knocked your head off uh
jinkies today
hey calm down so what you're saying is
the power line decapitated the drive of
that car over there well we turned the
power off how did it do that well the
power's not the problem Simmons the line
was still on the road look I have to get
my doctor outfit on Marvin do you think
jeffy's enjoying his new car well we
haven't heard from him since we gave it
to him so ho ho ho Merry Christmas to me
what uh Hey guys doctor what are you
doing here uh well it's about Jeffy he
was in an accident he wrecked his car
already oh no the car's fine thank God
Marvin is Jeffy okay well let's just say
I wouldn't lose my head over it because
he already did what oh maybe this will
help me explain uh you see this little
Lego guy here this is your son before
the accident
and this is your son now he lost his
head yep he was beheaded
what happened well as far as I can tell
he was driving his car with the top down
and there was a power line that was
hanging too low in the road and it cut
his head off why was there a power line
hanging too low I was trying to fix it
it fell down during a storm well did you
have any caution tape to warn people
that is a good idea for next time wait
did you not put cones in the road to
close the road that is also a good
suggestion for next time if the power
line still hanging low yes it is well
what if it happens to someone else I
think we should focus on your son's
beheading and not uh the other people
that could happen too well is my son
dead oh no no no he he's fine for now
you see this cooler right here yeah his
head's in there that's how I'm
preserving it he's still alive oh yeah
yeah you want to talk to him I can take
it out for a minute I think it'll be
fine he can still talk oh yeah yeah let
me get him what okay here's Jeffy oh my
God Jeffy are you okay yeah I'm okay
Daddy
he can't talk no obviously he can't talk
he's a seven head idiot you said he
could talk I was joking I was just
trying to lighten the mood so what do we
do now well now we have to find a body
donor so I can take the brain out of
this head and put it in a new body well
why can't you just put his head on his
old body well I couldn't save the head
and the body because the Cooler's not
big enough so I just decided to save the
head because it has the brain in it the
body's still sitting in the car and the
heated seats are on so it's pretty much
toast by now but to be honest I don't
even need the head I really just need
the brain so get that out of there okay
there it is let's toss that in the
cooler oh man I forgot my sandwich is in
there hold on the toiki club that's what
toiki sound like
through the sandwich how long is the
brain gonna be okay on Ice it'll be fine
for a while but the ice is melting so we
should probably put it in the freezer
okay well I have a freezer okay well let
me get the brain back out of there okay
hey Marvin go along
with some pizza is that a brand
thank you
why would you throw it I told you to go
long you didn't go long we have to get
the brain hurry Chef did you see your
brain yeah it went that way outside do
you see the brain anywhere I don't know
man it could be anywhere wait look it's
right there okay I'll get it wait wait
wait wait wait wait look there's a car
coming oh my God stop stop stop stop oh
oh
it's okay uh it got run over up but grab
it grab it okay
did you find the brain yeah but it got
run over is it okay okay well there
might be some brain damage but Jeffy
already had that Marvin and it is pretty
dirty so he might have a dirty mind
yeah yeah it was pretty good wouldn't it
try to clean it off okay yeah good idea
I'm blowing his mind
can you just put it in the freezer oh
yeah yeah I should do that listen to the
sound it makes when I squeeze it brain
fart
put it in the freezer okay yeah yeah
hopefully he doesn't get a brain freeze
okay okay I think I'm all out of brain
jokes so what do we do now uh now we
have to find a new body for his brain so
let's brainstorm and think of something
okay I guess I did have one more can you
just shut up so will anybody's body work
yes anybody's body will work not
everybody's body but anybody's body as
long as they died recently and their
body was put on Ice well how are we
gonna find a body that just died and was
put on Ice well I do have a wife I don't
like and an ax and a cooler well would
an animal's body work well you're not
getting my body because I'm an animal a
party animal
thank you that one was not even good I
know yeah
[Music]
breaking news Okay Cecilia the seal
choked on an eel and died at seal world
today they have froze her body on Ice to
preserve her in hopes to bring her back
to life in the future oh my God my God
Celia the seal died I'm never got to see
her Marvin wait can't we put jeffy's
brain inside that Seal's body because
they put the seal on Ice you know how
hard it is to break into the Morgan seal
world it's like trying to break into the
White House it's hard well yeah the
president lives there they can't just
let everybody in no I'm at seal world oh
well it's hard to break in there because
seals have really soft fur that people
sell for a lot of money that's why
people always Club them to death and
steal their fur seals don't have fur yes
they do they ain't slick Jack wait I
thought seals were slippery like rubber
oh yeah just 46 500 fibers per square
centimeters sound slippery to you jack
wait why you keep calling me Jack I
don't know I'm just throwing it out okay
so you're telling me you can't just walk
into seal world and tell them that
you're a vet and say Hey I want to
inspect Cecilia's body and then you
steal it yeah I guess I could try that
okay fine
I gotta go to seal world to steal
Cecilia the seal so we can seal this
deal but let's be real can I really
steal Cecilia the seal I guess we'll see
I'll be right back okay I got Cecilia
the Seal's body but it was not easy I
had to be like SEAL Team Six to get in
there they killed Osama Bin Laden for
real for real stop it only I can make
seal jokes I'm the real deal I was just
being silly well shut up wait wait
what's that oh oh hold on the Washington
Wizards traded Bradley Beal to the to
the to the Phoenix Suns interesting
is my shirt teal no it's more of an
aquamarine or a seafoam green can you
focus on putting jeffy's brain inside
the seal yeah sure thing hold on let me
just peel the scalp back and get a feel
for what we're dealing with put the
bread inside the seal okay okay the
surgery was a success so Jeffy should be
alive as a seal hey Jeffy how are you
doing Jeffy
wake up Jeffy is he okay Jeffy um he's
dead dead you said the surgery worked
well it did but you see his brain did
get run over by a car
yeah
sorry I wasted your time wait time time
time
what look I have this Apple watch Time
Machine belt right here I can go back in
time and stop Jeffy from being beheaded
what so you can go back in time and this
whole time you didn't tell us well yeah
it's like a monthly subscription you
gotta pay like every time you do it's
real pain in the ass so why are you
willing to go back in time and fix this
well because I feel bad because it's my
fault he got beheaded I should have put
a cone down like you said okay so you
can go back in time and stop him from
Ever Getting in that wreck yeah I can
but I gotta warn you if I do this you
guys are gonna stop existing because
this timeline will never have happened
that's so scary
I don't want to fade away well I can
take one person with me I want to go
yeah bro it's before hoes
where are we we're a minute before Jeffy
gets beheaded look over there that's me
and my partner Simmons working on the
power line now you're gonna stop Jeffy
from driving I'm gonna go kill my past
self so there's not two of me running
around okay
wait is that is that Jeffy Jenny Jenny
stop it Daddy what are you doing in your
room you want to come get hoes with me
Jeffy you you spray painted your car
Jimmy yeah I told you not to Oh Daddy
what are you gonna learn I don't give a
 scoot over you're grounded I'm
driving we're going home okay Simmons
the power is shut off so no more
shockiness okay I'm gonna turn the power
back on and I'm gonna crank the voltage
super high so in my past self pretends
to get electrocuted he really does get
electrocuted okay Simmons the power is
cut so it should be safe to touch now
Mike oh I know he doesn't have a pulse
he's dead
oh my
God oh yes he died I'm gonna go cheer
Simmons up oh bye oh you have to die
looks like somebody needs a doctor mate
you're alive but you just died right
there now that was just a robot clone of
me that I made oh that's brilliant you
think you can make one for me no but
let's go get some Applebee's all right
Marvin where'd you go I'm back baby
Marvin where did you go all right Danny
I did it you killed my old self I did oh
thank you so much
[Music]