[Music]
oh I'm lost I don't know where I'm
[Music]
going sry blue I hate America oh this
place is a [ __ ]
hole hello how you American say no
knok who is that at the door if I owe
you money just come back later uh no no
money I just need the the the the
directions to the airport so I can leave
this shitty country directions what do I
look like Map
Quest stupid [ __ ] door open damn it
the [ __ ] do you want I am from Parry and
I I need directions through the airport
so I can fly back to my
country here it is oh it's
better I'm sorry what the [ __ ] do you
want directions to the airport so I can
fly back to the front ooh freid Ooh La
La my little French fry you know your
cigarettes out why don't you come on in
so Mommy can give you a new one okay but
I'm in a hurry no you got time come on
so welcome to my home or as you say in
French M suasa that is Spanish it
doesn't matter it's all the same [ __ ] so
can I interest you in some cocaine uh no
ma'am I really must be going oh no no no
no no it's Thanksgiving come on stay a
little while let me eat you up some Spam
ham I know it's not not turkey but it's
better than snails or whatever the [ __ ]
you people eat no ma I really must be
going back home no no no come on have a
seat on the couch let's watch the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade sorry about all
the static the antenna broke look at
that I always wanted to go to New Jersey
no ma' I really have to go to Parry I
have an out show what an art show what
are you finger paint or some [ __ ] no I'm
a very famous painter my painting said
for millions millions huh uh yeah I'll
go get you directions but uh let me just
make you a drink while I go get them
well okay thank thank you so much ma'am
so uh Millions you say huh that must be
nice yes it is so uh what's the most
expensive painting you sold about $28
million nice nice I got your drink okay
here's your drink Martini on the Rocks
ma'am the directions it's getting late
I'm going to miss my flight oh yeah the
directions you just drink all of that
all of it and I'll go get the phone book
and ask the airport where they are oh
man where is that d phone book oh jeez I
could swear I had it here somewhere you
just keep drinking that drink while I'm
looking for
it oh boy I don't know where it could
[Music]
be oh no you must have been tired from
driving all day you little sleepy head
that's okay let me take you to my bed
there you go just sleep for as long as
you need to what's that you think I'm
sexy let's hope this thing still
works what happened where am I hey there
sleepy head you were amazing you you
drugged me no I didn't you drugged me
with your little French fry hope you
don't mind I took $45 out of your wallet
what is this like Monopoly money or
something those are Euros you stole from
me you [ __ ] oh come on there's no way
to talk to you lava I'm getting the H
out of here oh baby come
back oh baby where you going come back
that's okay I already got what I needed
from you see you in 18
[Music]
years all right man push push
[Music]
push oh you have a lot of green
discharge coming out yeah I know just
scoop it out of the way it's like the
codeon Kids Choice Awards down there all
right push push push push
push congratulations ma'am you have a
beautiful baby boy a 26 lb 3 oz baby boy
oh he's so ugly just like his father so
what are you going to name him I'm going
to name him after the man who invented
the light bulb Thomas jeffon um man'
that's Thomas Edison okay well how about
I name him Jeffy how about that [ __ ] you
okay oh Jeffy you're going to make mommy
a lot of
[Music]
money happy birthday
Jeffy Daddy it's my birthday D check
[ __ ] puffy balls on my cone hat cone hat
on my puffy balls and for added flavor
confetti ball on top of my con hat yep
Jeffy it's your birthday you're 20 years
old they didn't have a two or zero
candle so we made 17 + 3 Once yeah 17 +
3 is 20 Jeffy yay I'm 173 years old I'm
the oldest man in the world all right
Jeffy look let's light our candles and
sing you happy birthday present th no
candle sing song Time present th no okay
fine Jeffy open up one gift and then
we're lighting up your candles
yay where did I get where did I get oh
sweet Daddy I got a chain oh yep and
every time someone sees symbol they'll
know why you act the way you act oh Ben
I told you not to get him that listen he
really liked it oh danger fart Joe yep
so you can hang that up whenever you're
about to crap your pants oh I'm going to
put it up right now Jeffy I really think
you're going to like the third present
we got
[Music]
you Merry first Christmas Jeffy I went
on down to the Goodwill and get you a
bunch of [ __ ] maybe when you're 18 and
you make mommy a millionaire I'll buy
you something
better shut the [ __ ]
up oh God damn it now he's crying come
here you're going to the cage come here
you little [ __ ] get in
there shut up okay if you get thirsty
drink your water and if I hear you cry
again you're sleeping outside with the
snakes because I don't like you I'm just
waiting for you to turn 18 so I can get
my money now shut the [ __ ] up while I
watch my shows oh now that I got some
peace and quiet I can finally watch the
Charlie Brown Christmas special oh God
damn it who is that ho ho ho oh look at
that it's Santa Claus but not the one
who gives you presents this Santa Claus
takes my rent money uh Merry Christmas
uh Nancy merry Christmas Terry now I
know you ain't come over here to be
friendly so what do you want listen
Nancy I know it's Christmas and you got
a newborn but uh rench though oh come on
D you know I just bought my baby
Christmas I ain't got no goddamn money
oh I know so uh you going to pay a usual
way or am I going to have to kick you
out on Christmas Day I did just put
Jeffy in his cage all right come on back
to the bedroom but I ain't got no
rubbers oh Merry Christmas to me oh oh
you're back ma'am I don't think you
should be having any more babies well
I'm about to be a billionaire cuz my
last kid's going to make me Rich okay
well push push push push
push
congratulations it's a beautiful baby
girl a 26 lb 3 oz baby girl why are all
my kids so damn ugly what are you doing
wrong doc I can assure you it's not me
have you been smoking and drinking
during your pregnancy well yeah of
course how else am I supposed to live
that's my nutrients well have you been
taking your prenatal the [ __ ] I'm not in
the Navy so what are you going to name
her I'm going to name her after Bill
Gates's daughter cuz that's how rich I'm
going to be what is Bill Gates's
daughter's name Phoebe I'm going to name
him Phoebe Fe e e b e e that's not how
you spell Phoebe well that's how I spell
it what'd you get your degree in
spelling doctor okay I should have
called you rent cuz you only came cuz
rent
came where did you get that from what's
wrong Jeffy I got it from a third store
I thought you'd like it
no what's wrong with him I don't
know Jeffy what's wrong Marvin I think
he's having a panic attack we need to
call a doctor all right we'll call a
doctor Jeffy hey there somebody call a
doctor yes doctor jeffy's freaking out
hm I don't know what to do what yeah I
guess I just forgot how to be a doctor
how do you forget how to do your job
well I guess sometimes people just
forget important things what are you
talking about yeah I forget things a lot
now that I'm older how old even are you
I don't know if only there was a day
that would remind me of my age maybe I'd
celebrate it I really don't know what
you're talking about isn't a Brooklyn
Jo's birthday today oh yes it is thank
you helpful voice that's more
considerate than Marvin is oh yeah it is
your birthday today oh it's your
birthday today aw happy birthday it's
too late for that why are you working on
your birthday H that's very funny Marvin
maybe because you called me over here
right before I could enjoy a slice of
carrot cake which happens to be my
favorite not that you asked or offered
me any I'll get you a carrot cake later
can you please I don't even like carrot
cake Marvin that was a test and you
failed well stop scrolling my head can
you please help Jeffy he's freaking out
okay Jeffy why you freaking out well I
don't like the toy that my Mommy and
Daddy got me for my birthday oh I see
what's going on here he wanted to more
expensive toy like an iPad or something
no that toy that Mommy and Daddy got me
reminds me of when I lived with main
mommy Oh I thought it's because you
wanted an iPad Pro 13in with the
keyboard and the apple pencil that's
what I want for my birthday Marvin how
does that toy remind you of your bad
mommy well because I had that toy when I
live with her and it brings back really
bad memories can I see the toy in
question sure here you go H yeah I would
throw a fit if somebody gave me this too
have you seen in this house this is
really the best you could do well Jeffy
please explain to us why this toy freaks
you out so much okay I'll tell you but
you're not going to like
it you are the fu that's right myy that
baby's got his eyes and his nose get
your money [ __ ] right here Jeffy right
here all baby
kid God damn it kid you broke my TV give
me that goddamn ball I'm sorry Mommy
yeah Mommy I'm sorry shut the hell up
Jeffy give me that ball what are you
going to do to I said give it to me I'm
going to stab it that's what I'm going
to
do oh you do want to cry get in your
goddamn tanks go
go get your asses in there you broke
bom's TV so you're going to stay in the
cage for three nights now you better
hope that TV is not broken or you're not
going to like what I'm going to do to
you it's okay baby everything going to
be okay oh those little bastards broke
my TV it's all stanity now the picture
was crystal clear
before and who the hell could that
be oh hey CJ hey Nancy are you looking
for a fix H yeah but I'm kind of tight
on money right now and my kids just
broke the goddamn TV so I'm going to
have to buy another one you sure you
don't want any blow oh I do want some
blow okay but can I pay you in the
bedroom like usual no you you know who I
want really yeah all right I'll go get
out of the cage hey Phoebe yes Mommy
your friend CJ's here to play no no no
no no no you're not going to take baby
this time what did you just say to me
you're not going to take baby excuse me
CJ I got to beat some
ass baby baby baby
no
baby please M no no no come on it'll be
fun why Bobby
why it's okay Mr G phoei will be back
[Music]
soon oh my God Jeffy I'm so sorry we had
no idea yeah Jeffy I'm so sorry well um
I I I guess this thing isn't really
appropriate
anymore oh my God it squeaks that's cool
oh you're right
sorry is there any anything else you
want to tell us Jeffy well this also
happened Mommy we're hungry yeah what
are you talking about there's green
beans on the stove in the kitchen well
we eat green beans every night yeah and
some kids don't get to eat at all you're
very lucky we're middle class I'm not
going to eat the green beans would you
just see me you [ __ ] come here put your
hand on the table it's too late put your
hand on the
table yeah that's right that's what
happen when you disobey me now go go eat
the green beans
my hand it'll be okay bab it'll heal
mommy forgot to open the can again yeah
we don't have a can opener so it looks
like we're not going to eat
tonight okay Jeffy I think you just
don't want to eat green beans anymore
you're right my mama couldn't afford
that [ __ ] wait since when did he have a
sister and what happened to
her all right baby I'm going to let go
now okay okay go go
go bab me no stop I don't know
how okay I'll shut up all right Jeffy
how about we do something to distract
you let's do some fun stuff let's let's
light the candles on your birthday cake
so you can make a wish I don't really
feel like it oh come on Jeffy well Jeffy
what ever happened to that bad man that
came over well I haven't seen him since
my seventh
birthday happy birthday to you happy oh
who gives a [ __ ] eat your [ __ ]
cupcake can I'm show a cupcake is it
your birthday no no cupcake it's okay
baby I'll share it with you oh no you're
not you sharing [ __ ] now nobody gets a
cupcake now Mommy has to go run some
errands you two stay here and don't make
a mess I want this house to stay
spotless mommy will be back in about 7
hours if you get hungry eat your
fingernails what are we going to do
while Mommy's gone I can scrape some of
the icing off the wall we can eat that
okay here you go baby you get the first
bite it's your birthday no it's okay
baby you can have it
okay yum
me someone's at the door don't answer it
Phoebe maybe don't go
away Nancy it's me CJ I got you some
blow I know it's CJ baby go hide in the
cage I'm going to handle it Nancy I'm
coming
in Nancy where are you n Nancy
Nancy
Nancy oh hey Phoebe where's your mom at
she's not home oh she's not well your
Mom owes me some money so I was thinking
maybe me and you could have a playd date
no no no no that me Al Al oh come on you
like CJ don't you no go away come
here what the hell are you doing kid let
me go you're not going to touch my
sister
a don't you come back here ever again
you
[ __ ] that's right Jeffy here kick his
ass throw through that
window oh sorry yeah uh continue the
story I'm sorry officer I don't know
what got into Jeffy he's usually such a
sweet boy well I know my brother CJ he
would never hurt a fly never have oh
please don't arrest my son officer I
promise it'll never happen ever again
I'll punish him real good well it better
not happen again again or he's going to
have to go to juvie you hear that Jeffy
you might have to live in a prison cell
it's Paradise here but he's been hurting
fee shut the hell up Jeffy okay me and
my brother are going to go interview
Phoebe you better not touch her shut up
Jeffy I'm going to get the belt Dam
Jeffy
you you B boy bad boy Jeffy you're a
really bad [ __ ]
[Music]
boy well Jeffy I didn't know you had
such a bad childhood
doctor what can we do to help Jeffrey
with all this trauma oh well whenever
I'm upset at somebody who forgot my
birthday I mean upset at somebody I like
to take a piece of paper and then draw a
picture of something bad happening to
him like so for that guy that did all
that stuff to your sister you could uh
you could like draw a picture of him
like tied up to the front of a monster
truck and then you driving that monster
truck right through your old house just
destroying it tied to a monster truck
yeah yeah and you just like destroying
your old house that make a great picture
and then whenever you feel sad you just
look at the picture and you'll feel
better okay thanks doctor you're welcome
oh doctor looks like you actually helped
M you're eating jeffy's cake it's my
birthday
too I want to go back home to my mom and
dad oh come on it's me you pal CJ and if
you ever want to see your parents oh
come on man let me go let me go no this
is for everything you ever did to my
sister oh come on man that was a long
time ago I'm a change man
[Music]
wait what are you doing what are you
driving to where are we
going are you ready to
die me me
me yeah how you like that you [ __ ] take
that you [ __ ]
all right doctor I did what you said oh
great where's the picture oh no I did it
for real
[Music]