hey Dan can I play with this bit sure
Jeffy I score
five b it ow twist it pull it twist it
pop it give me that God thing
hello hey you lost Daddy he never said
throw it oh I want to kill you
Jeffy help me answer the door answer the
door screw
this there's someone at the door Marvin
[Laughter]
duh hello please hide me I can't do this
anymore hide you from who from Goodman I
don't want to work for him anymore he
treats me so badly so I stole his car
and ran away you stole his car yes so
please hide me oh come come inside who's
at the door Marvin this this old man I
got to hide him yes hide me please who
is he don't ask questions uh hide behind
here
here oh cut bre yeah that looks good
what's going on oh no that must be
Goodman don't tell him on
here hello where is he where's his old
ass who are you talking about don't you
[ __ ] me Marvin I'm talking about CH
he stole my Lamborghini and parked it
out front wait your Lamborghini's here
Marvin don't you [ __ ] me I swear to
God you better tell me where he is or
I'm going to give you a spanking I don't
know where he's at all right Marvin I'll
give you $10,000 if you tell me where he
is he's behind the couch Christian you
goddamn 10 grand I'm going to go
upstairs and give him a spanking with it
h i wonder where chives
is aha whenever you found
me stop hitting him you stay out of this
Mar this is between me and chives now
chives bend that ass over it's spanking
time yes F this is for running away this
is for stealing my
Lamborghini and this is for being old
stop spanking him he likes it I don't
like it sir and I don't like you you're
just on your butler period men don't get
period that it's 2023 yes they do I
don't like the way you treat me you
don't like the way I treat you I gave
you a room Under the Staircase like
Harry Potter Everyone likes Harry Potter
you know what I quit you can't quit
you're poor who else is going to hire an
80-year-old man to wipe their ass only
me plus you get to shave my balls that's
an honor chives I don't want to do that
anymore well then I can't do this
anymore I can't have a but that doesn't
want to wipe my ass or shave my balls
you know what fine if you want to quit
quit but you'll never see money like
this ever again smells like your ass
chives and I'm going to go spend it so I
never have to smell your ass ever again
that was very brave of you to stand up
to Mr Goodman like that but now I have
no job I'll be homeless well Marvin we
could use some help around the house
really so you'll hire me then well we
don't have any extra money how much was
Goodman paying you he was paying me
nothing he just let me sleep in a broom
closet underneath the STS then why' you
work for him for so long because he paid
my entire family $20 million each to
never speak to me again say I had
nowhere else to go that's so sad well
look we can't really pay you right now
but we have a bed for you to sleep in a
bed what an upgrade I used have to sleep
in a litter box underneath the stairs so
I'll take the job now let's go get those
balls shaves there no you don't have to
shave my balls what what so do you have
to take a poop soon shall I wipe your
bum with my bare hand no you don't have
to do that either well then what am I
supposed to do well go do Butler things
go clean the house shall I mop the floor
with my tongue sir no you can use a mop
how generous shall I fill the bucket
with my spit or am I allowed to use
water you can use water wow hey Danny I
found my bit oh that's what you could do
you can go play with Jeffy I'm not sure
I know what the word play means sir well
we can go have fun I don't think I know
what that one means either go smile and
laugh I haven't smiled in years Jeffy go
show him a fun time all right come on
Old Man okay okay see look he can start
babysitting Jeffy don't touch the
sides oh I hate this game hey Junior
check out my pet old man I am not his
pet I am his Butler hi hello sir Jeffy
you want to play Operation with me
that's lame we can just operate on him
but I don't believe you two a qualified
doctor shut up and lay right here very
well
all right Junior take his eye well not
my eye neither's to see ow how about we
play something else all right well how
about throw throw burrito well how do
you play that game well we take these
burritos and throw them at
you is there anything else we can play
we can play stair tag ooh is that like
tag but you can't blink no come here
stair tag all right so there's the
stairs now
tag o hey Danny I broke my new old
friend what' you do we were playing
stair tag what stair tag come on I'll
show you don't do it he's going to push
you down the stairs you pushed them down
the stairs Jeffy Jeffy we told you not
to do that to people anymore well guess
what I'm going to keep [ __ ] doing it
Jeffy no no stup it B what is he doing
he's smacking his diaper but why does he
have a diaper isn't he grown it's in
case I poop my pants but then won't you
your pants get dirty no cuz I'm wearing
a diaper but your diaper is on the
outside of your pants yeah so it doesn't
get dirty he's not making any sense he
never does Jeffy just go run around
okay okay so listen you don't have to
play with him anymore thank God but how
about you just go make us something to
eat ooh shall I cook you some peppercorn
for Minon medium rare with a loaded bik
potato oo no we don't have that kind of
money how about you just make us a
baloney sandwich what is baloney ooh is
that peasant food yeah yes it is so go
make us two baloney sandwiches very well
sir I like having a
butler my mystery pasta is almost
done wait what the hell wait who's that
in my kitchen hey get out of my
refrigerator not P kitchen get out of
here now where is that Boney hey [ __ ]
excuse me n ho what you doing going in
my refrigerator Master Marvin told me to
make him a sandwich n n I'm the only Stu
in this kitchen this my kitchen this
pe's kitchen
why are you barking at me I'm just
trying to make a baloney sandwich for
master Marvin so could you please show
me where the balone is oh I'll show you
the bone right here why did you punch me
because doing my turn you don't need to
be going to my refrigerator without my
permission look I'm not looking to fight
oh well I
am oh so you want to play dirty then do
you well I'll show you dirty on guard
you sure you want this [ __ ] are you sure
you want this [ __ ] you see your casket
old man oh yeah you want to play dirty
huh you filthy heart your father want a
hamster and your mother smelt of
elderberries don't talk about my mama
like that when I had your mama in the
bed with me last night no please have
mercy oh hell no hey Marvin here's your
[ __ ] yeah he thought he was running
[ __ ] till he got ran over so w [ __ ] what
happened I asked him where the Boney was
what yes apparently that's his tur so he
beat my ass he does not own the kitchen
look can you just go down to the fridge
and grab me a Lunchable no that's his
fridge I won't go back down there okay
so you can't cook you can't play with
Jeffy I'm trying to think of something
you can do hey mommy hey Daddy I took a
massive dump in the toilet and it
clogged it but I still had to keep
pooping so I took the lid off the back
of the toilet and pooped in there and
then every time I flushed it it kept
putting more poop back into the toilet
and then eventually overflowed onto the
floor and I thought I was going to be
helpful and get a upop and clean it up
but every time I did that I kept
smearing it and smearing it and smearing
it and smearing it and smearing it and I
still had to go poop so I poop more in
the bathtub oh that's what you can do
you can go clean that mess oh great how
riveting thank you someone's at the door
Marvin I hear it you act I don't have
ears I heard it Jeffy you heard it mhm I
heard it hello hello Mr morvin what's
going on I'm Mr Go's ma but me know what
the for him no more and I heard that you
hired Mr CH so I was wondering if maybe
you could hire me too oh no no no no I
didn't hire Mr chives I just gave him a
place to stay please please I promise if
you hire me I'll thank you like every
single day I'll thank you until my J is
tired and even if my J is too tired you
can still use any of my other than y oh
no no no no no no listen just come
inside oh you can do that too and any of
my thank you holds no no no none of that
no no saying thank you just come inside
let's let's talk to my wife okay who is
at the door Marvin my name Patricia but
Mr Goodman give me very many nickname
like Jimmy
chaa borito taco and ho go on and on
this is Mr Goodman's maid well what is
she doing here she wants a job cuz she
thinks we hired chives but Marvin we
can't pay her let me explain that to her
if we hire you we won't be able to pay
you money do not speak English right you
don't have to speak so slow listen we
won't be able to pay you we're just
letting chai stay here that's okay Mr G
don't pay me either then why do you work
for him because I'm a citizen and Mr G
don't have me the P unless I thank him
so if you let me stay here I'll thank
you like all the time like if you're
stressed out let me thank you if you're
riding in your car let me thank you if
your wife no thank you let me thank you
what does thank you mean oh it means I
like to St hey it mean she likes to say
thank you you see sometime Mr Gman May
me thank you so much my throat get very
sore oh from saying it over and over
again no from the your welcome J listen
I feel really bad for maybe we should
let her stay here for a few days you're
going to let me stay let me thank you no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
don't do that what is going on by the
way how long is your your welcome stick
CU Mr Gom is like really big like at
least 14 in what is she talking about I
don't know oh no no please please if
it's Mr glom don't let him find me I'm
going to hide hold on hello where is she
where the hell is quesadilla and don't
you dare lie to me like you did last
time she's upstairs she didn't thank you
did she because if she did that would
ruin her to me no but she's offered a
lot I'm coming in now where's chimmy
chonga no look behind the couch cushion
chimmy chonga not here right now God
you're so dumb oh no you found me don't
let me thank you why did you run away
talk salad I thought I treated you great
you made me thank you so much my frogy
very sore and you call me me names well
I'm sorry nacho Bel Grande it's just so
hard for me to remember your name my
name Patricia all right Pico Deo I'll
try harder next time Goodman don't don't
you think if you respected your workers
they'd want to work for you I'm rich I
don't know how poor people think well
maybe if you paid them they'd want to
work for you pay them like money but
then I'd have less of it listen listen
what if I asked you to make me a
sandwich no okay now what if I said give
you $1,000 to make me a sandwich yes see
see how money made you want to do it huh
yeah money did make me want to make you
a sandwich so you're telling me that if
I pay my employees that they'll actually
want to work for me H all right well I
guess churro I'll pay you $10 an hour oh
my God $10 an hour let me thank you go
wait in the car I'll be there in a
minute and then you can thank me as much
as you want see now where's chives he's
cleaning the bathroom all right I'm
going to give him some money too this
disgusting that was the most freal
matter I've ever seen Hey sir what are
you doing here I came to give you a
SP I'm just kidding I've been thinking
about it chives and my balls need to be
shaved because there's a little bit of
peach fuzz on them I told you I wouldn't
do that anymore sir well I'm willing to
pay you $5 an hour but but sir that's so
much money how will you afford it I
don't know I'll probably have to sell a
couple cars or live on the side of the
road or maybe we'll even rent out your
little Harry Potter closet thank you so
much sir now let's go get those ballls
shaved all right but you're driving
because sour cream's got to thank me so
come on very well sir Marvin you did
some good today you got two people back
their jobs with pay yeah but no one
thanked me well let me thank you
[Music]