oh man Marvin I love National ear
cleaning day the day once a year where
you get with your best friends and clean
each other's ears out and you really
have not been cleaning your ears in the
last year Marvin this is my third Q-tip
just in that one ear yeah I can't wait
for you to get to the other ear cuz it's
really clogged hey are you cleaning your
own ears over there yes you're not
supposed to do that you're supposed to
let one of us do it I didn't know you
know what come get a Q-tip and clean my
ear e yeah we'll have like a congal line
of ear cleaning okay get back in
there can I please turn on like the TV
cuz that noise is really gross
okay do you like cheesecake do you like
strawberries covering your cheesecake
how about a big old Slice of New York
cheesecake or maybe four slices of
Cheesecake how about endless cheesecake
only at the Cheesecake Factory make sure
to stop by for Endless cheesecake
endless amount of Cheesecake I'd be so
sick if I ate that much what all of the
cheesecake there is yeah I guess you
would I think anybody would how do they
afford to give out that much cheesecake
well maybe their cheese supplier is your
ears cuz you have so much cheese in your
ears are you cleaning his ears Yeah
clean my ears but he needed help hey
there couch donkeys I just saw the
commercial for the endless cheesecake at
the Cheesecake Factory and I have a gift
card so who wants to go with me and eat
the fluffy creamy cream cheesecake from
the Cheesecake Factory oh I am so down I
love cheesecake I want to go I don't
like cheesecake
you don't like cheesecake oh my God
sheing she joking sheing back back she's
joking she's joking she better be joking
because you don't say you don't like
cheesecake in front of me I know I know
but we all like cheesecake you like
cheesecake right no I love cheesecake I
love cheesecake so let's all go to The
Cheesecake Factory okay we can take my
car shotgun you don't want to drive your
own car no I called shotgun somebody
drive my car I'll
drive oh man Marvin I love the
Cheesecake Factory there many is so big
it's like reading all the Harry Potter
books at once except you get to eat them
I don't have a menu hello welcome to the
Cheesecake Factory my name's Clarissa
what can I get started for you tonight
how about two more [ __ ] menus excuse
me oh no no no no no it's fine we can
share one menu no Marvin come on make
her do a job for the next hour we own
her she has to do everything we say
juggle uh Shrek tell her what you want
I'll have the cheesecake oh you heard
about our endless cheesecake special yes
I have and I have a gift card all right
well what can I get you started to drink
well take a cheesecake put it in a glass
and I'll drink that uh okay and what
about for you sir I don't know let me
just look at my menu I bet you wish you
had a menu Marvin then You' know what
kind of drinks they have do they have
Coke or Pepsi you don't even know cuz
you don't have a menu uh I'll just have
a water come on Marvin make them work
for it water's too easy me and Marvin
both want a strawberry slushie okay I'll
be right back with those well I don't
even like strawberry slushies yeah well
if you had your own menu you could make
your own
decision all right sir here's your
cheesecake in a glass oh my creamy
creamy gam cream okay and here are your
strawberry slushies actually Marvin
hasn't formed me he thinks they're icky
so he doesn't want his oh I can take it
back what else would you like to drink
can I just get a Coke we only have Pepsi
products God damn it Marvin get a menu I
I'll drink the smoothie I like the
Smoothie settling Marvin settling no I
think he's ready to order something oh
would you like to start with an
appetizer yes we would I don't think we
should get appetizers we're using
Shrek's gift card we don't know what the
limit is Marvin he's [ __ ] Shrek he's
loaded he has DreamWorks money and I
hear there's another one coming out so
I'm pretty sure he's going to be fine
now if it was Lord farquad then I would
be concerned cuz he might be a little
short on cash would you like a couple
minutes to look over the menu I can come
back no we're ready now Marvin what do
you want I I don't know what are you
getting well I'm thinking about getting
the steak and tater AI what is steak and
tater oi what do you mean what is steak
and tater oi it's steak and taters and
broccoli uh okay well uh do you want me
to come back in a couple minutes no
don't you dare go anywhere you're a
waiter your job is to wait you stand
right there and if you take one step
you're not getting a tip what do you
want Marvin uh order for me well I'm not
going to order for you I'm not your
mother oh do they have Burgers yeah let
me see the mac and cheese burger looks
good okay I'll get that we're ready to
order okay what would you like sir uh
come to me last I haven't picked an
appetizer okay sir how about you what
would you like to eat I would like the
mac and cheeseburger and what would you
like as your side ooh what are the sides
let's look I'm sorry did you just sigh
I'll get the french fries I'll get the
french fries I like the french fries
okay ser what would you like to eat I'll
have the cheesecake okay what slice
would you like to start with I don't
want a slice I want the whole damn cake
and keep bringing them and bringing them
till your arms get tired okay sir are
you ready to order I feel so rushed
really I can come back no no it's fine
you've already rushed me now I have to
order something with that I might not
even like you know what I'm going to
have the steak and tater AI the what the
steak and tater AI sir I don't think
that's on the menu how am I the only
person who's ever heard of steak and
tater oi it's steak and ters and
broccoli how hard is that okay we can
bring that for you okay good and I would
also like the appetizer sampler okay
Jesus Marvin can you believe her she
acts like her job is rocket science like
duh 1 plus 2 equals whatever all right
here are your Entre here's your
appetizer and here's your cheesecake
thank you Miss waitress lady now if
you'll excuse me I must make love to the
creamy cream cream cheese
cake oh yeah you luy when I look you
baby yeah I just got to look around and
make sure you're ready for me now open
those legs
uh excuse me ma'am I have to show you
something okay you see these $3 bills
here yes that's your tip for the meal so
for the rest of the meal I'm going to
judge you and if you do something I
don't like I'm going to take one of
those dollar bills away okay so you
brought the appetizer with the meal so
that's a dollar bill gone but you
ordered it last and you're sassin me
that's another dollar bill listen this
whole [ __ ] table's confusing you
order something that's not even on the
goddamn menu you order your appetizer
with your Entre and he ordered [ __ ]
dessert you know what I'm going to give
you this bill back cuz that's a fair
point I'll be back to check on you in a
minute Excuse Me Miss Lady but can I
have another cheesecake another whole
cheesecake yes it is endless
okay all right sir here's your
cheesecake thank you Miss
Lady and sir how are you liking your
steak why is my steak so chewy oh I
don't know it's really chew it's like
gum I'm sorry it's okay I like it that
wasn't a complaint just an observation
and sir how did you like your
cheeseburger oh it's it's fine Marvin
why is it fine and not good no no it's
it's good what's wrong with it no
there's nothing wrong with it wait is
there any Mac on your Mac and
cheeseburger no there's no mac and
cheese uh-huh I'm sorry the chef must
have forgot oh yeah blame the chef I bet
you didn't even tell him about the Mac
part no I did take this last dollar away
for lion F it's fine guys it's just one
meal I'm going to have another one later
it's fine excuse me lady may I have
another cheesecake please sir you've
already had two but it's endless okay
Shrek if you want me to take this last
dollar away you just let me know all
right sir here's your third whole
cheesecake thank you Miss
Lady uh excuse me can I get it to go box
yes of course would you like one too sir
uh sure Marvin are you really going to
eat that later no then why do you want
it to go box because I didn't really eat
a lot of it and I feel bad wasting food
she [ __ ] up your order that's on her
listen man man we want this taken off
the bill oh okay but not mine mine was
delicious oh excuse me ma'am can I have
another cheesecake please I'm so sorry
sir I just heard from the store owner we
have to cut you off you ate too much
cheesecake but it did L yes but people
usually order it by the slice you've
been ordering it by the whole cheesecake
well then slice up the whole cheesecake
and give it to me that way I'll eat it
by the slice I'm so sorry there's
nothing I can do listen I'm a lawyer the
promotion said endless cheesecake that
means endless no end ever you're a
lawyer and you're only going to tip me a
dollar well not anymore listen I want to
see the store owner let me talk to Mr
The Cheesecake Factory okay good
afternoon gentlemen I am the owner of
this fine establishment and my name is
Mr Factory wait is your first name
cheesecake no that's my middle name my
first name is the oh cool my middle name
is the that's very nice so how can I
help you find gentlemen today well you
have a promotion claiming to offer
endless cheesecake but that [ __ ] of a
waitress says there actually is an end
after only three cheesecakes well you
see I myself and a man of business and
normally when we say inless we expect
people to eat maybe one or two slices of
the cheesecake not three whole
cheesecakes I'm losing money here but
don't say you have endless cheesecake if
you can't really give people endless
cheesecake that's false advertising I
could sue you on behalf of my client
well let's not take this to court let's
just go ahead and settle now how
about one more whole cheesecake to go H
that doesn't sound endless to me what do
you think Shrek how many cheesecakes do
you want I want 10 more cheesecakes 10
more cheesecakes and you'll go well
we'll see how I feel after I eat the 10
cheesecakes sir just do it there's no
way he can eat more than 10 cheesecakes
and then they'll all leave you know what
that's a good idea you know what
gentlemen I'll be right back with your
cheesecakes all right here's your 10
cheesecakes I'd like to see you still be
hungry after eating all that oh the
Tower of Cheesecake I'm going to destroy
oh
[ __ ] oh
yummy
more dear God you ate 10 cheesecakes in
like 30 seconds and you still want more
yes please please no more I'm begging
you I have no more cheesecak in B please
you're going to run me out of business
sorry you said they were endless bring
us more we'll sue you please I'll do
anything please please nope they were
endless hey Shrek how many more
cheesecakes you think you can fit in
that ogre belly of yours an endless
amount wait did you say ogre yeah wait a
minute wait a minute so how about this
the endless cheesecake special is for
humans only not hus not ogus you yeah
baby now get out of my restaurant we pay
the bill first uh uh M Mr Factory we
will be paying with the gift card and
where's the gift card oh it's right over
there underneath the
cheesecake
sorry and uh are you sure this is
activated well I got it from the gas
station and did you pay for it uh no so
we still money on it well it says $50
so
gentlemen once again hell will we be
paying today uh Marvin I don't have my
wallet oh great so it's on me then okay
well you didn't put macaroni on his Mac
and cheeseburger so that's eliminated
and I didn't even touch my slushie I
took a sip of mine but like I spit it
back out in the straw a little bit cuz I
don't like strawberry well Morphin will
be paying for his slushie but uh my
steak was gummy but I did like it I I
will pay for that and the appetizer
sampler was not that great I mean I've
had better at Apple so I think we should
go 50/50 on that and the the endless
cheesecake that's like 15 bucks so how
about I give you 22s and we're Even
Stevens how about I take you 2 20s and
you leave my restaurant and never come
back deal sucker I had an extra 20 but
I'm still hungry for cheesecake
get so how was the Cheesecake Factory
did you enjoy your endless cheesecake oh
they ended their endless cheesecake
promotion because Shrek ate too much
cheesecake we could have sued their
asses but they got us with a loophole
about no ogres allowed oh well
cheesecake isn't that good
anyway hello welcome to the Cheesecake
Factory unfortunately we've now canell
Our Endless cheesecake special but now
we have a new special called endless
shrimp chewy boy I'm sorry
chew boy
[Music]