all right CR since the weather is really
bad outside today we're going to be
talking about tornadoes and how they
fall tornadoes form when the Tasmanian
devil gets really mad and he starts
spinning around
going and destroys every team that's not
true the Tasmanian devil is just a
Looney Tune tornadoes actually form from
thunderstorms when warm moist air rises
and mixes with cool dry air and wind
sheer a change in wind speed direction
and or height no Cody tornadoes form
because of the Tasmanian devil okay then
how are there sometimes multiple
tornadoes at once because there's more
than one Tasmanian Devil Cody I'll shut
your mouth teacher it looks like there's
a tornado outside right now no Jeffy
there's no tornado outside cuz if there
was a tornado there would be a really
routed arm going off that sounds like
that ah there's a tornado coming grass
everyone get underneath their desk for
shelter the Tasmanian devil coming
tornado Cody does hiding under the desk
really protect us from a tornado no I'm
pretty sure this is what you you do for
an earthquake you're supposed to get in
the closet for a tornado dude you just
want to get in the closet cuz you're gay
okay we can all just die then all right
cross I just checked a weather radar on
my phone the tornado is going to hit us
head on we are all [ __ ] so call your
rubbed ones and tell them that we're all
going to die and that they should record
the phone call cuz they're never going
to hear your voice again I'm going to
call my wife oh no we're going to die
hello Mommy Bear your teddy wy's going
to die at school oh no is there a shoot
no actually it's a tornado Chef B Junior
why are you calling me I'm not checking
you out of school the weather's Horrible
No I'm going to die in a tornado wait
wait you promise oh God is good I need
to go to church more oh fobi before we
die please let me hit please I can't die
a
virgin don't worry kids super D is here
to save
you you're going to save us thank you so
much Mr all right everyone hold on to my
six-pack abs can do we're getting the
[ __ ] out of here swoosh Marvin the
weather's really bad outside I wonder if
jeffy's okay at school baby the schools
have generators jeffy's fine morvin look
the
news breaking news m a tornado destroyed
an elementary school and there was
nothing left so if your kid was inside
they're dead oh my God jeffy's school
was destroyed by a tornado poor Jeffy
last stop hop off my abs super D what
are you doing here well I just saved all
the kids from the school before the
tornado destroyed it yeah Daddy he
really did oh my God super D you're a
hero yeah I am a hero me and my abs
sense danger so I swooped in to save
everybody thank you super D yeah oh look
at my big [ __ ]
biceps okay I think it's time for you to
go Marvin don't be rude he just saved
jeffy's life well I don't want your
ex-boyfriend here I want him to go well
man I thought maybe I could hang out
here for a little while you know maybe
take a shower why would you take a
shower at my house well I'm just still
still sweaty from saving all those kids
you know I'm just kidding I didn't even
break a sweat but there's never a bad
time to soap up the ABS oh no I think
it's time for you to go you can fly back
to your house oh I'm just so sore no
I'll take a shower here but don't worry
I'll leave the door unlocked in case
somebody wants to join me Marvin look
the news again breaking news M 10 more
tornadoes have showed up in the same
city what could be causing this to
happen oh oh no it seems like someone's
hacking into our news
feed it's a is I Tornado Man tornado man
my arch nemesis what do you want I know
you're watching this super D and I just
want you to know that there is nothing
that you can do to stop me I'm going to
cover the whole world in tornadoes
here's one for you right
now why' you Flinch it was on television
he didn't make it come out of the TV oh
it just looked so real well go stop
tornado man you don't understand yeah
tornado man can make tornadoes out of
thin air and air is all around us he can
make unlimited tornadoes dear God the
only way we could stop him is if we
drained all the air out of Earth we have
to destroy all the trees quick let's
kill Mr Beast before he can plant more
trees or you could just kill tornado man
oh yeah maybe but I can't do it alone I
need a sexy sidekick to help me you
don't need a sexy sidekick go do it
yourself go kill tornado man no you
don't understand tornadoes are my
biggest fear but you were able to save
those kids from the tornado yeah and I
saved them by running away from the
tornado not toward it I can't beat up a
tornado well I'm sure you have some
superhero friends that can help you yeah
but the only superhero friend I have is
mosquito man who's Mosquito Man well
he's a guy that got bit by a mosquito
and now he has superpowers well call him
okay I'll do the mosquito
call hey there did someone call Mosquito
Man hey tornado man's going crazy out
there and I need your help wait what's
mosquito Man's powers can he fly no can
he shrink down to the sides of mosquito
no can can he suck people's blood no
then what's his powers well when he was
a kid he got bit by a mosquito and he
got West Nile Virus and now he thinks he
can't get STDs what well yeah he banged
a girl with chyia but he didn't get
chlamydia and he's pretty sure it's
because he had West Nile virus that one
time and it made him immune to all STDs
but if he does have sex with a girl with
an STD he does get really worried cuz
he's not 100% sure it's a power it might
just be luck how is this going to help
with tornado man I don't know uh you can
probably go Mosquito Man why does he
have a suit on I don't understand how
he's superhero I don't know man I'm
going to call the cops to help you cuz
you need help and cops are professionals
okay hey Le somebody call the cops yes
officer there's this guy named tornado
man he's making tornadoes around the
world and killing everyone oh yeah I'm
aware I saw the news well why don't you
go arrest him well unfortunately I am a
police officer not a superhero so I
can't just go arrest a tornado but hey
look there's a Superman maybe he can
help hey super D why don't you fly up to
the tornado and fly in the opposite
direction of what it's spinning and then
the tornado will disappear well that
would require me to get close to a
tornado which I am afraid to do oh yeah
that makes sense they are scary oh come
on you're a superhero you're Invincible
well I'm not Invincible I mean like a
bullet can kill me I can die from all
kinds of stuff just because I'm really
fast and strong and I can fly and shoot
lasers out of my eyes doesn't mean I'm
Invincible well does tornado man have
any weaknesses oh yeah I know his
weakness if you snap his cervical
vertebrae he'll be paralyzed for life I
mean that's true of anybody really I
mean just like me he can die from all
kinds of stuff so if we can get tornado
man here you could sneak up behind him
and snap his neck yeah yeah I could do
that and I do have his cell phone number
well then call him okay I'll call him
more
tornadoes I'm getting a call so bad D I
knew you would call me Little D well
that's not my name my name is super D
cuz it's so big my ex-girlfriend's
sitting right here you can just ask her
yeah yeah I'm sure you're not
overcompensating for something I am not
it's huge yeah yeah well I know why you
called me so D you're calling because
you have no way to stop my talk tornado
yeah you're right I don't know how I
also know that your biggest fear is
tornadoes how' you know that because I
know everything Super Daniel not my real
name yes I know your real name and now I
won't stop my tornadoes unless you give
me something well there has to be
something you want there is I want 1
billion all in cash $100 bills but but
that's so much cash why not just a
direct deposit because I know how the
police Works super D I know as soon as
the money hits my account the police
will seize it so I want something
untraceable Cold Hard Cash hold on let
me ask the cop if we can do that hey can
we give him a billion dollars in cash
absolutely not the cop said no well it
looks like nothing's going to save you
from my tornadoes no no no more
tornadoes there has to be something else
you want well there is one thing if you
can beat me in a single game of Twister
then I will surrender but you invented
twister I know good luck beating me at
my own game well you know what I will be
you at twister okay see you
soon one Super DS playing twister with
me and becomes vulnerable I will snap
his neck and kill him D I'm God he
forgot to hang up we heard his whole
plan and it turns out his plan's exactly
the same as fine just just snap my neck
while we're playing twister well you
better snap his neck before he snaps
yours okay I got to be fast there must
be him at the door let's go answer it
okay hello hello Little D and friend
stop calling me that are you ready to
get bent over in a game of Twister let's
just get this over with man I brought my
own board so you can't cheat how would I
cheat at twister I don't know give
yourself only the easy Cutters or
something what let's
begin
the stage is such super D now bman spin
that [ __ ] okay I'll go first okay give
him something hard left hand blue easy
an easy one give me an easy one too come
on come on something easy uh left foot
blue perfect now spin for Little D stop
calling me that yes yes give him
something and impossible right foot red
got it that's not hard at all that is so
easy come on please
please uh right hand
green I hate green oh snap his neck he's
right there okay are you trying to are
you trying to snap my neck yeah that's
what I was going to do to you I know I
heard you know what this game is off
more tornado wait wait wait there has to
be some other way we can resolve love
this what what just happened well you
guys told me that pretty much anything
could kill him so I just shot him oh I
guess that was the easiest way to kill
him yeah I don't actually know why they
don't do that in most superhero movies
you know like like the Joker you could
just shoot him he's just a guy in makeup
or like in Spider-Man 2 DOC o he's not
bulletproof I'm pretty sure any trained
sniper could just shoot him right in the
head and it would be over or like Thanos
I mean you're telling me a 50 caliber
shot wouldn't kill
him
[Music]