hey Danny can you give me 50 bucks so I
can buy food skip ball what's Foo skip
ball it's a game PJ we're selling at his
garage sale I don't have 50 bucks Jeffy
well I guess I left my garage sale for
nothing no hold on PJ I just gotta get
my name to puppy dog eyes works every
time can you please give me 50 bucks
talking about food ball no Jeffy we
can't afford it I hate you sorry kid
come back when you actually have the
money
Jeffy I'm sorry we just don't have money
to buy stupid stuff like that Marvin our
Chick-fil-A's here oh so you have money
to buy food but you don't have 50 bucks
to give me for food skip ball dang it
they forgot our root beer oh I hate it
when they forget our drinks leave the
lowest review possible okay look Jeffy
oh I got an idea why don't you become an
Uber Eats driver why don't you ubereats
it's a food delivery service so all you
just get paid to deliver people food you
could make 50 bucks in a day and then
you can buy your own damn fooskip ball
okay I'm gonna go China right now baby
now that he has a job he'll be out of
the house and that'll give us some alone
time to get our Chick-fil-A yay all
right Cody it's your turn to bowl okay
here I go
straight [ __ ] I know you're supposed
to roll it you can't throw it Cody yeah
that's cheating hey guys I'm about to go
to work oh where do you work Jeffy I'm
an Uber each driver so I deliver
people's food oh well we're hungry right
guys yeah like can we ride with you yeah
sure come on let's go guys yeah
that'll do her lungs all mowed I love
the smell of freshly cut grass
honey I'm done mowing the lawn I'm
parked pour me a glass of Sunkist
hey the sun kissed I want it now here
you go my hard-working man thanks honey
let's you didn't put any ice in this
I've been out in the hot sun all day and
you think I want to come inside and have
some room temperature Sunkist I'm sorry
I forgot you know I like three piece of
ice that my son guessed I'll go get you
some
here you go I don't even want it anymore
it's ruined okay honey well what would
you like me to cook you for dinner well
I can't even trust you to pour me a
decent glass of Sunkist I don't think I
can trust you to make dinner I think we
should just order some Uber Eats maybe
some Mexican like a chimichanga and a
chicken quesadilla and some chips and
quiso that sounds good honey kids get
down here yes mother I'm hungry well me
and your mother were thinking about
ordering Mexican food tonight ooh well
in that case I would love some steak
fajitas oh and some of that extra white
stuff all over it sour cream uh yeah I
thought I want a cheeseburger no hold on
just a darn second did you kids do your
homework uh no well then you Mexican not
have any food tonight so go upstairs and
do your homework we'll try again
tomorrow night all right I'm gonna order
some of this Mexican food okay Jeffy
where are we picking up food from it
says we gotta get your Mexican food from
a food truck you guys like Mexican food
last time they family got food from a
food truck my mom had to have part of
her colon removed and now she has a
colostomy bag all right guys I just got
the food from the food truck can you
guys hold the food for me while I drive
yeah I will give me a bag all right hold
that one Junior oh it smells so good oh
my God hold this one yeah sure dude
should smell good let's see what they
got oh guys they got a chicken
quesadilla oh and some quiso wait does
that say nachos it sure does oh [ __ ] I
love nachos oh Jeffy can we eat some of
it sure I don't think they would mind
just don't spill any in my car oh
awesome
[Music]
all right guys we're here stop eating it
and box it back up
[Applause]
sir hey Junior you want the other half
of my changa my quesadilla was mid hey
watch out you almost stepped in a quizo
no Cody I don't want to have the
chimichanga I got full off the nachos
but box it back up because Jeffy has to
deliver it oh man okay I hope they're
hungry
food Jam
it is the food thank you sir
oh it smells delicious what the there's
queso everywhere the driver must hit
every speed bump on the way here still
looks better than your cooking
wait what what the hell is this is this
a half eaten quesadilla what is that and
a half eaten Jimmy it looks like someone
ate our food this is unacceptable I'm
gonna have to follow complain all right
Jeffy what's the next food place we're
going to I don't know but I'm getting a
phone call hello hey is this the Uber
Bridge driver yeah are you a fool
because you ain't half my goddamn food
now I've been you need to issued me a
refund no no what do you mean no you
ain't half my goddamn food and no you
won't give me my money back you need to
give me a refund right now you'll be
fine who is that I don't know I think it
was your prank call but our next order
is chicken filet I love Chick-fil-A all
right Junior I think there's some
nuggies in here if you want a peep game
oh I want some nuggets you guys want
some nuggies I'm just gonna chip on this
milkshake for a little bit cookies and
cream as [ __ ]
oh honey at Chick-fil-A is almost here
oh
good with extra boiled egg and I can't
wait for my cookies and cream milkshake
I'm gonna be a fat piece of [ __ ] tonight
but Barney was supposed to be on a diet
I'll go on the diet tomorrow tonight
cookies and cream
on everything even you what okay
almost here I'm gonna go wait by the
door like a dog cookies and cream
cookies and cream cookies and cream
cookies and cream cookies and cream oh
it says he's pulling up
does anyone see house number 2159 no I
can't see anything it's dark and also
I'm eating chicken nuggets oh it's fine
oh there he is milkshake time oh I can't
wait wait to drink it wait where are you
going buddy oh he's probably just
turning around guys I can't find this
house anywhere yeah it's really dark you
can't see any of the house numbers I
think we should just go home because my
stomach hurts really bad and I have the
poop from eating all this food me too
yeah we can keep all the food because
this cookies and cream milkshake is
yummy as tits
okay now it's milkshake time yummy what
where the [ __ ] are you going I'm right
here dumbass I'm gonna have to chase him
down hey hey jerk off I'm right here
stop the car
what is wrong with this guy hey hey what
the [ __ ] is wrong with you my house is
back there I couldn't see the numbers
well just give me my food and my
milkshake okay Jesus here's your food
thank you
and here's your milkshake thanks my
milkshake is half [ __ ] drink yeah it
was good what what the [ __ ] what hey
hey
[Applause]
damn it Karen I'm so mad I'm shaking
what's wrong
wrong ass dumbass idiot ass Uber driver
drove past the house twice I had to
chase him down and then when I caught up
with him he drank half my goddamn
milkshake well good morning you're not
supposed to be having milkshakes it's
not good Karen it's [ __ ] I'm gonna
eat some fries and calm down french
fries boy
be on a Target oh you've got to be
kidding me he ate all my fries Karen's
his crumbs left well good they're not
healthy for you what about my tokens
chicken nugget did you touch that God
help him if he touched that one it's a
one-piece chicken nugget Karen he ate
all my food that bastard well he didn't
mess with my corn salad of course not
Karen it's a Cobb salad it's disgusting
it's not even food I'm gonna get in my
cop car and I'm gonna pull him over and
arrest his ass boy did you overreacting
no I'm not Karen it's my cookies and
cream Nobody messes with my cookies and
cream Bonnie just requests a refund
that's not good enough Karen I want him
dead I want the death penalty Junior
that guy was so rude all I wanted was
half of his milkshake I know people are
so mean these days oh there's that
bastard pull over jerk off uh guys 12 is
behind us Tom Brady no [ __ ] the police
pull over Jeffy I wasn't speeding or
anything
hey hey roll the window down dickweed
boy speeding officer no but you drank my
cookies and cream milkshake so now
you're going to jail get out of the car
[Music]
and today we will be hearing the case of
Jeffy the Uber Eats driver versus
Brooklyn tea guy the customer Mr guy you
are accusing Jeffy of eating quote
unquote your goddamn food and half of
your cookies and cream milkshake oh I'm
not accusing him I know he did it he
said it was good he drank my [ __ ]
milkshake that boom Mr guy control
yourself Justice will be served Jeffy
did you consume this man's food and half
of his cookies and cream milkshake well
I didn't eat the food but I did drink
half the milkshake and it was good well
that's like saying you shot the sheriff
but you did not shoot the deputy if you
didn't eat this man's food then who did
my friend in the car with me they were
hungry well I hope your friends die too
Mr guy control yourself now Jeffy you
are an Uber Eats dry it is your job to
deliver other people's food but you
decided it would be a good idea to eat
and drink other people's food this is
one of the most horrendous crimes I've
ever heard of so I am sentencing you to
give this man a full refund for his food
and I am Banning you from error being an
Uber Eats driver ever again
hold on
and that is an order not good enough sir
not good enough he drank my cookies and
cream milkshake cookies and cream I feel
like not enough has been done here
there's got to be a way to get the
cookies and cream milkshake out of his
stomach I want his taste buds not to
have ever tasted my milkshake I want the
men and black machine to erase the
memory of him drinking and enjoying my
cookies and cream milkshake I want him
to throw up the milkshake right here in
court and I drink it I don't want him to
experience happiness ever again because
he stole my happiness from me well I can
order him to buy you new cookies and
cream milkshake is that good no that's a
different cookies and cream milkshake I
want my original milkshake out of his
body well unfortunately I can't do that
so you're going to have to accept the
fact that your milkshake is digesting in
his memory then I want his poop yeah his
poop I want to keep it so I can have
part of that original milkshake
Jeffy I order you to poop in a container
and give it to Mr guy
God damn it will someone please glue
that thing down thank you sir gorgeous
dismissed now hola hey my food to your
honor listen we can't separate his food
from his poop and your food from his
poop so you two just spit the poop 50 50
and figure it out I'm going home hey
darling Oh hey Jeffy how was your Uber
Eats job it was great hey what are you
doing here your son is gonna poop in
this container and I'm gonna eat it what
he ate my cookies and cream milkshake
and I want it back so go on Jeffy squirt
out my cookies and cream milkshake poop
poop damn it poop why won't you poop
that's disgusting no it's Revenge poop
[Music]
thank you
[Music]