oh man chef pee pee this is gonna be the
best birthday party ever
you don't understand chef pee pee i'm
turning 13 years old that means i'm a
teenager now i can do teenager stuff
like what junior uh i can watch a pg-13
movie you knew that already but now i
can watch it without going to jail you
want to go to jail it's just a movie you
stupid well all my friends are coming to
celebrate my birthday it's gonna be a
huge party all your friends do you only
have two friends do you i have more than
two friends i have like a hundred
friends and they're all coming tonight
100 friends i doubt it junior you know i
have 100 friends and the party's gonna
get so loud the cops are gonna be called
so so don't don't get upset when it's
really loud from all hundred of my
friends partying well i would love to
see a hundred friends oh look but that's
all my friends right there so so prepare
to see 100 people yeah right imaginary
friends hello happy birthday junior
thanks guys you too what i don't know
well i didn't have any wrapping paper
junior but this is what i got you the
spanish version of the cat in the hat
elgato in sombrerado for dr seuss wait
poor dr seuss he lost all his money what
dude i got you something way better than
this stupid spanish book i got you why
wait what's that wet ass puzzle pieces
dude what ass puzzle pieces why are they
wet yeah dude dude my neighbor's house
flooded and i ran in and stole all their
puzzle pieces like i'm banjo with
kazooie
okay thank you yeah yeah i mean if you
don't want it i'll keep it as whop dude
that's what the show's about with ass
puzzle pieces
well is there anyone behind you guys uh
no i mean who else would there be were
your only friends yeah
you just come inside
wow look at all these decorations yeah
you really went all out for your 13th
birthday dude i want to have the biggest
birthday party ever what's with all
these plates who did you think was
coming well i thought like hundreds of
people would show up for my birthday why
you don't know hundreds of people yeah
dude we're your only friends we're kind
of losers well i just thought if i put
up the balloons and all the decorations
people would just show up well you have
to invite people to a party that's how
this works yeah you guys didn't buy
anybody no no you guys are a plus five
you can invite five people i don't know
that many people yeah dude we're your
only friends oh okay look i'll go grab
my phone and call as many people as i
can because i don't wanna have a lame
birthday party okay okay i'm gonna call
everyone i know and invite them to my
birthday party i'm gonna start with
little t
what's up julia what's up little t my
man
so uh today's my birthday party and i
was wondering if you wanted to pull up
to the spot homie what uh i was
wondering if you want to come to my
birthday party dude i'm not pulling up
to your birthday party that's so lame
i'm not a little kid anymore
bye want to go hang out
um ooh i can call patrick yeah patrick's
my friend hey junior hey patrick today's
my birthday party i was wondering if you
want to come do it oh sally jr i can't
i'm being chased by a bear right now a
bear yeah a bear bye
okay um oh i can call penelope yeah
she's a girl and she's hot and having a
girl by party that'd be cool so yeah
i'll call penelope hello but don't hang
up it's junior what do you want junior
uh so today's my 13th birthday party and
i was wondering if you could jump out of
my cake naked what i don't know like i'm
turning 13 so like we can do pg-13 stuff
like we can kiss and you could show me
your who-hoos ooh no junior bye
hmm ooh i can call bully yeah bully's
not my friend but still it'd be cool to
have a lot of people at my party
what do you want loser well uh today's
my birthday party and i was wondering if
you want to come to it why would i want
to go to your party you're lame well but
we could be lame together no
so that's a no yeah it's a no oh okay
you promise
bye
okay who else could i invite oh i can
call my dad he's in the other room yeah
yeah yeah
what do you want junior hey dad so
today's my birthday party you might have
forgot uh it's downstairs do you want to
come do it no i'm watching tv god why
are you bothering me bye
okay um oh i can call ken yeah i'll call
ken yeah cody didn't bring cancer i can
invite ken yeah i got ken's number right
yeah
hey ken it's me junior
cody's friend
yeah i was wondering if you wanted to
come to my birthday party
oh car accident huh
your mom
tell her tell her i i hope she gets well
all right bye
who can i invite now
oh the cops the cops come to everything
i can invite the cops yeah 911
what's your emergency hey uh oh no it's
a huge emergency i need you to come
quick okay what's going on it's my
birthday party and i want you to show up
are your parents home little guy well
i'm not a little guy i'm turning 13. i'm
a teenager oh you're a big boy now oh
yeah i'm a big boy oh okay so that means
you should know that 9-1-1 is for
emergencies only
who do i invite now
i don't have any friends no one wants to
come to my birthday party
hey junior who'd you invite it doesn't
matter nobody's going to show up they
all said no yeah they all said no i even
invited ken and he said no junior of
course ken said no his mom got in a
really bad car accident earlier i would
have told you that if you just asked i'm
sorry yeah you're sorry you're not the
one who has to get chained upside down
and whipped later what he's a dog dude
how many times are we gonna go through
this
oh junior where's your 100 friends buddy
all i see is one two
loser
[Laughter]
[Applause]
that was mean no he's right i am a loser
i only have two friends at my birthday
bash well junior people just don't like
to go to birthday parties anymore yeah
dude you need a wow factor i have a wow
factor i have balloons and i have plates
yeah the plates are pretty sick dudes
you need drink what i can't get drink to
my birthday party yeah you'd have a
better chance of getting roy here yeah
and that's a one in a million chance
what guys that's it i need to get roy to
my birthday party roy's the coolest kid
in the world if roy showed up to my
party then all the girls showed up to my
party well that's true but there's no
way roy's coming to this party yeah dude
this is low budget he likes exotic
things dude top-notch things well i can
pay him to show up right oh i don't
think you can afford him yeah dude he
takes super bowl tickets well i can give
him like the cheapest nosebleed like
tickets at the zoo no no no no junior he
only accepts first row anything other
than first row turns to ash in his hands
yeah well i know i know what if we throw
a party and pretend it's for roy and
then when roy shows up taking the
parties for him he's gonna bring all his
girls then he'll tell him that it's my
birthday and the party will be my
birthday party well then everyone's
gonna leave
well well no what if the party is so
cool roy's like wow you guys are really
cool for throwing me this party and i'm
like well it's also my birthday he's
like happy birthday junior and then we
get his hammy down like his seconds like
all the girls that he used to have huh i
mean i guess that could work oh yo i
would love roy's hand-me-downs dude i
know i mean i eat leftovers all the time
me too okay so um does anybody have
roy's number uh i have his number what
you have his number how well i do his
homework for him well okay well give me
his number no roy said not to give it to
anyone look i need to invite him give me
the number but he's not even gonna think
i'm a little bit cool if i give it to
you give me the number i have to invite
him that's the only way we'll get girls
okay give me the number okay i'm calling
roy right now it's ringing hello i'm
steve stielberger famous hollywood
talent agent and roy gethard's personal
assistant wait roy has a personal
assistant of course what do you think he
answers his own phone calls oh no he
gets thousands of calls from girls who
just want to take care of him every day
wow roy has an amazing life he sure does
so what can i do for you well today's my
birthday party and i was wondering no no
no no roy doesn't do birthday parties
unless are you a hot girl no oh
oh i see you must be one of those
make-a-wish kids well what kind of
disease you got i don't have a disease
oh no disease huh oh i see what's going
on you must want to give roy some super
bowl tickets i don't have super bowl
tickets either then why are you calling
me and wasting my time never call this
number again
don't hang up uh actually i am a girl
and i have a house full of girls that
want to party with roy wait a minute you
just said you were a boy i lied we have
a bunch of hot girls at a house that
want to party with roy hmm okay but roy
gets invited to about 50 parties full of
girls every day what makes your party so
special oh we have a bunch of super bowl
tickets he can dive into him like
scrooge mcduck and how drake's gonna be
here
drink you say hold on i'll merge roy in
on the call and see what he says
what do you want steve i'm drowning in
girls right now oh sorry roy well this
girl here says she has a party for you
and well well she said she's got a party
with super bowl tickets and drake huh
drake huh well the party i'm at right
now has machine gun kelly so i guess
your party's better all right babe i'll
be there whenever i get there well
congratulations darling roy is coming to
your party that's so awesome bye
oh my god roy's coming to my party roy's
coming to my party guys that's guys
roy's coming to my party no effin way
junior no wait no wait dude how did you
get that to happen well i told him the
party is full of girls and the party's
all about him and that we have super
bowl tickets and drake's gonna be here
junior that's a lie dude he's gonna
think we're liars and losers no no no we
can dress up like girls so at least the
girl part is true but we still don't
have super bowl tickets or drake well
well i have a printer so we can print
out fake super bowl tickets and the
super bowl's not till february so you
won't know if they're fake or not and
then drake lives in canada so we can say
that drake's on his way here the
flight's just a few hours long yeah
jenny this isn't gonna work guys trust
me we gotta dress up like girls just
trust me i have a plan oh the things i
do for you dude come on guys let's set
the party up for roy and just like girls
all right guys we are smoking hot chicks
dude my vajayjay itches mine does two i
tucked my wiener between my legs guys
i'm so hot joseph would you do me
yeah dude because i would do you oh
thanks i really needed that who'd do me
i would need a lot of root beers if i
would do you can i keep my eyes closed
oh that must be roy all right guys let's
go over our names your name is josephine
oh i like it my name is julia and your
name is
codalina why do i get the fake name
because i'm a real woman that's why come
on guys let's go answer the door okay
hello what's up oh my god it's roy he's
here
we're supposed to be girls oh yeah oh oh
my god it's roy can i feel your junk i'm
a girl ladies ladies i'm just here for
the party well the party's in here roy
you're hot yeah come inside come on
girls so roy this is your cool party
check out all the hot chicks whoa the
balloons spell my name i like that
that's neat so where's drizzy drizzy
yeah drake duh oh drake uh has anybody
seen drake no oh oh that's right he's
still on his flight from canada oh so
like he's not here no but he's gonna be
here in any minute he's gonna parachute
from his plane oh that's my boy drizzy
dude he's really gonna parachute no wait
why not i'm lying wait why would you do
that shut up um so uh roy is there
anything you wanna do
this girl's pretty hot i think i want to
take her upstairs but really yeah come
on babe okay oh cody i'll make it up or
whatever you have to do you don't have
to make it up to me or wait where's roy
taking cody i don't know but let's go
talk to those hot chicks over there okay
dude let's go
hey ladies hello i like your hair thanks
it's a wig what we have wieners ew well
joseph we're dressed like girls oh dude
i forgot are you serving hot dogs no in
our pants
joseph you scared him off what was it
was it the wig hey ladies what patrick i
thought you're being chased by a bear
right dude everybody's coming to your
party because roy's here that's super
cool but they think we're girls that
floating with us i want to kiss you oh
no thanks i'm waiting till marriage i'm
not though i can take both of you on at
the same time that's hot what are you
doing joseph dude just enjoy your party
happy birthday
hello hi is roy's party here oh god
penelope you look so hot excuse me i
mean uh us girls have to compliment each
other you know you're so hot and you're
so pretty uh yeah sure yeah so uh roy's
party's in here okay great oh god i
gotta take this girl costume off so i'm
gonna go talk to poppy okay now that i
took that girl costume off i can go
flirt with penelope
hey junior you have any water i'm always
getting thirsty what are you and roy
doing
let's just say it might as well be my
birthday i am taking a beating hey babe
where'd you go it's just starting to get
good oh i was just talking to my uh
brother here about getting you some
water wait a minute that's your brother
bro your sister's a total bombshell uh
yeah that's my hot older sister bro that
means you're cool because your sister's
cool and cool must run in your jeans
junior roy thinks you're cool that means
you're like totally hot now yeah dude
you're the coolest guy on the planet
wait i'm cool you know really it's
actually his birthday today bro it's
really your birthday well yeah oh
everybody sing happy birthday to the
cool kid
happy birthday
but this is the best birthday ever come
on babe oh my god this is so awesome
thank you cody hey junior do you want to
dance yeah sure okay but there's no
music but
wait a minute that's a wig you're a dude
ew oh come on roy we can still do it no
get away from me what was that all about
nothing baby or dance with me it's my
birthday
[Music]