baby are you ready to watch Charlie in
the Chocolate Factory a I thought we
were watching willly Wonka in the
Chocolate Factory what's the difference
Jean Wilder so hot okay fine we'll watch
that one Marvin why isn't the TV turning
on usually it turns on when you press
that button the batteries might be dead
let me see what we're missing a battery
where'd it go Jeffy get in here yeah Dad
have you seen the missing battery no
Jeffy it's in your nose Jeffy give me
the battery back okay
wait where's your pencil at yra Jeffy go
to your room you're grounded to the room
I go grounded and take that pencil out
of your wiener can you put the battery
in
there all right let's watch chicken
chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken
pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza
chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken
Chi pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza
CH chicken chicken chicken chicken pizza
pizza pizza
piz
[Music]
[Music]
bro you got KFC chicken in my pizza bro
you got pizza underneath my KFC chicken
nobody would want to eat KFC chicken
pizza well hold on let me try it
you got try this
[ __ ] oh my God that's delici it's so
good you got try KFC chicken pizza the
chees I'm so much chicken in my mouth
fried chicken pizza see baby that's the
reason why America has an obesity
problem and that's the reason I'm really
glad that I'm vegan sometimes I don't
know a single person on this planet that
would actually want to eat
that
mips please what do you want douge I
want the new KFC fried chicken pizza you
don't need that douge but I'm so hungry
I haven't eaten anything all day I'm
just a hungry little dinosaurs earlier
today I gave you $20 for KFC where's
that right behind me but I don't want
that no more I want the new KFC chicken
pizza you don't need the KFC chicken
pizza eat that bucket of chicken behind
you no I need the pizza because they
made it just for me myob bibs I love pie
of EG she givs how about you just get it
tomorrow but what if they don't have it
tomorrow then that means it sucks so bad
that no one else was eating it but my BS
please I be kneeing the KFC chicken
pizza the cheeser okay how about this
how about you go return that chicken to
KFC and say there was something wrong
with it and maybe they'll give you a
refund and you can use that money to get
the KFC pizza
oh my BS why you yelling that me of good
ideas I'mma call up the KFC's and ask
for reubs yeah do that
my ears hurt all right my bibs it's
ringing uh hello hey is this KFC is this
KFC what kind of dumb ass question is
that of course it's KFC call the number
well I was calling up there because I
ain't want my chickens no more and I was
trying to get a refund a refund this
ain't no damn Bank you can't get no cash
back we ain't giving that well you
better give me my money back before I
come up there and Bop your ass you bum
ass boy I put you in the fry and Fry the
hell out you stop stop let me talk to
him thank you for calling KFC sir what's
the matter well I was calling because I
ain't want my chicken no more and I was
trying to get a reap boms oh I'm sorry
sir was there something wrong with the
chicken no it was delicious then why do
you want a refund well because when I
was eating it there was a cat turd in it
oh but you just said it was delicious I
know I ain't see the cat turn I started
eating the chicken and I ain't know that
KFC stood for Kentucky Fried cat [ __ ]
well it doesn't but this is a very
serious accusation the Colonel's going
to want to come down there to
investigate this himself oh I get to
meet Colonel sand well it's not the
original Colonel it's his great great
great grandson Samuel Sanders okay what
in town come you in okay the colonel
will be there shortly all right all
right my [ __ ] he's on his way who
Colonel Sanders's son like his great
grandson or something like like Samuel
Sanders who's that at the door Samuel
Sanders hello I say I say I say good day
sir I am the Colonel Samuel Sanders but
you may call me Samuel Sanders or simply
the colonel hi Mr Samuel Sanders yes I
am here on behalf of the Kentucky Fried
Chicken Corporation regarding a certain
unfortunate incident involving some cat
feces in a bucket of my prestigious
Fried Chicken now none of the 13 herbs
and spices are in fact catchit okay well
my friend wants a refund for the chicken
m a refund well the colonel does not
give out refunds no he surely does not
but I will assess the situation and
determine if a refund is in fact
necessary well my friend's upstairs if
you want to follow me before that boy
would you like a biscuit a what a
biscuit boy you heard what I said they
are quite buttery but Oho dry you will
surely not finish one without drinking a
glass of water or else you will choke
and die you surely will well I'm not
really in the mood for a biscuit H not
in the mood for a biscuit well never in
all of my days have I ever heard
somebody turn down one of my delicious
buttery biscuits from the colel himself
well I just don't want a biscuit o
careful Colonel the boy knows not what
he says well I sincerely hope you will
reconsider my generous offer of a
biscuit or you will come to regret it no
I just don't want a biscuit doesn't want
a
biscuit that's fine we can move past
this awkward incident show me the
dissatisfied customer all he's upstairs
all right he's in here hello everybody
it is I Colonel Samuel
Sanders M bips it's the second coming of
Jesus it's the chicken god well that is
quite a lofty title you've given me
there son but I will accept the role of
your God now before we begin
negotiations would anybody like a
biscuit uh no thank you no I just want
some chicken well it seems I am 0 for
three on offering biscuits I will
strongly urge you to reconsider consider
your refusal of my biscuit no no well
then you can show the cow the path but
you can't make him walk it that is very
disappointing now what is this I hear
about cat feces in my chicken yeah well
I was eating some chicken right here and
there was a cat turd in it I see and
where is the cat turd in question I'll
be done eating it it good Lord you ate
the cat feces yeah let me see that there
bucket of
chicken now I smell no traces of cat
feces but all I do smell is my 13
original herbs and spices well that's
because I be done Eed at the cat tur
I'll smell a rat all right Colonel let
me explain what's going on Doug's an
idiot and he was trying to find a way to
get your chicken pizza for free like try
to steal it somehow like he he had this
bucket of chicken he didn't want it he
wanted to return it for a refund so he'd
give him chicken pizza for free uh see
so this was all in elaborate rules to
steal the recipe to my 13 herbs and
spices oh no no he doesn't want to steal
Ste your 133 spices he just wanted a
chicken pizza M I'll have you know that
plenty of people have tried to steal my
grandfather's secret recipe over the
course of the last 100 years and none of
them have lived to tell the tale well
that's not us we're not trying to steal
the the herbs and spices he just wants
chicken pizza I really wish you'd
accepted one of my biscuits son you see
a honeybee does not waste time
explaining to a fly that honey is better
than
[ __ ] and my biscuits are honey you're
refusing my biscuits is [ __ ] now I know
all of you are just little fliers in my
B World prepare to be stung oh my God
okay [ __ ] with eat your stupid damn
biscuits oh it's too late for that now
boy now I say I say I say which one of
you wants to [ __ ] die first I don't
want to die that is it I'm going to pop
Steve baby what you call me in here for
Steve did you call me in here to tell me
how well my first quarter celles are
doing Steve tell me I'm loaded yes
you're very rich Ronald no Steve I want
you to say you're loaded Ronald you're
loaded
Ronald thank you Steve that got me there
so are we done yapping strip club Steve
titties in your face Steve nipple Steve
but no Ronald you wanted me to let you
know if the competition changes what
they're doing don't tell me Burger King
lowered their prices again I don't
understand how they can afford to stay
in business you know what those meth
lamps Steve they got wal white in there
cooking or some [ __ ] no Ronald it's not
Burger King it's KFC they have meth labs
at KFC no they added a new menu item
okay why you telling me this Steve
they're a chicken restaurant I sell
Burgers why don't you tell Popeyes X FES
like I said they're a chicken restaurant
I sell chicken too and it's delicious
but I sell Burgers and Fries and [ __ ]
well but they're also selling pizza now
okay why you telling me this Steve why
don't you tell Papa joh
or Pizza Hut I don't sell pizza Steve
when you got Dementia or something I
didn't do as you but you do sell pizza
Ronald where at the biggest McDonald's
in the world in Orlando you sell
pizza so you're telling me the KFC
thinks that their pizza's better than
mine well they didn't say that well they
obviously stole my idea so they thinking
I'm the inventor of Pizza Steve I made
that [ __ ] Papa John's calls me that I'm
D Ronald plus all the restaurants know
that if they want to release a new item
they got to ask me first they got to be
like Daddy Ronald is it okay if
I if I released a new restaurant item
that you may have already
made and I say you did a good job
sucking boy you may Ronald maybe they
didn't know that you sold Pizza I mean
you didn't yes I did Steve I was just
testing to make sure you knew I know
that we sell spaghetti in Italy and [ __ ]
I bet you didn't know that oh look I got
you one of their pizzas so you can see
it oh good let's see this where is the
damn box the presentation's horrible
what is this just fried chicken with
mozzarella red sauce and pepperonis
that's chicken parmesan Steve why didn't
you go to Olive Garden you know what
let's try
it
de God
Steve dear good Steve it's delicious it
is oh it's finger looking good Steve the
colonel knows what he's doing Steve he
has a big [ __ ] Steve I'm freaking Steve
I think I'm having a panic attack Steve
just calm down
ra you're right Steve we just got to
calm down cuz you know what I'm going to
do I'm going to go find the Cur gra his
ball sack his big old wrinkly ball sack
and I'm going to say hey stop selling my
[ __ ] and get off my
[ __ ] and then we're going to take the
recipe and sell it at McDonald's and
we're going to call it the McChicken
Pizza Kanye westmill Steve and we're
going to be lorded Steve we're going to
be rich as [ __ ] steeve talking titties
in a face steeve Ronald I I think you're
overreacting I'm pretty sure this is
just a limited time thing oh it's the
limited time and that time ends right
now I don't want to die I say I'll say
you are crying like a [ __ ] did somebody
order delivery I have a delicious fried
chicken pizza here well I see you
enjoying one of my f cheeses I am it is
delicious but I don't really like the
name I was I was thinking we could
Rebrand it to the McChicken Pizza Kanye
West meal well then it would sound like
a McDonald's menu item exactly I want to
sell this [ __ ] I see well how about we
continue this conversation in private
right after I've murdered these fools no
I think we're going to have this
conversation right now oh oh God it's
huge that's true I am quite well endowed
it's like you ate a
cond even this fing looking good you
know what we can have a conversation
let's talk well before we begin can I
interest you in a buttery
biscuit that shit's drier than the
Sahara Desert we'll talk let me grab
something real quick die man die
die that's right your delicious chicken
pizza is
mine who's the king of pizza now
you guys got to try this [ __ ] my new
menu item the McChicken Pizza Kanye West
meal tell all your friends cuz this [ __ ]
comes out tomorrow I got to go call Kane
West well look douge you finally get to
try the the KFC chicken pizza
oo it's so good well douge somehow you
still got your way
[Music]
and that time ends right
now those bottles never break I threw it
so hard that time that bottle never
breaks you were trying that time I threw
it so hard that it hurt my elbow