oh Marvin I'm so excited for our trp me
too yeah I can't wait to be on a plane
for 2 hours where you're trapped in a
metal tube up in the air 30,000 ft can't
get off if you want to Marvin what's
wrong you know I'm afraid of flying why
can't we just drive to Missouri Marvin
that's a 14-hour drive we can't be in
the car that long with Jeffy you know
how he gets he likes to pull it out yep
if I'm in the car too long I have to
pull out my wee wee and twirl it around
at traffic you don't have to do that
Jeffy it has to breathe see that's why
we have to fly with him okay well what
if he has to breathe on the airplane he
promised he won't do that are you going
to pull your dick out on the airplane
remember see I I just don't think it's
worth listen why do we have to go to
[ __ ] Missouri anyway we have to see
the world's largest pencil I want to put
it in my nose okay well if it's the
world's largest pen it's not going to
fit in your nose and I just I'm just so
afraid of flying after all the plane
crashes recently Marvin it's the safest
way to travel and besides that didn't
happen for like 15 years until now yeah
the planes were really safe until
recently you're right I don't think
anything will happen Marvin look the
news breaking news a Delta Airlines
plane has landed upside down in Toronto
injuring multiple people on
board all right the car is all gassed up
and ready for that 14-hour drive to
Missouri Jeffy grab your back Marvin no
we're getting on the plane but no we're
not that plane landed upside down but
everyone survived it landed upside down
not on its Wheels upside down what that
plane think it was a pineapple upside
down cake Marvin that's a terrible joke
it'll be fine not everything on the TV
is real that's the news it is real no
Marvin that's all Hollywood that's the
news it's the Hollywood actually Happ
been a plane landed upside down we're
not getting on that plane we're going to
drive Marvin calm down don't you have a
pilot friend you can talk to that'll
make you feel better about flying I do
have a pilot friend let me see if he's
not busy hey there somebody call a pilot
yeah buddy I need your help okay but
make it quick I got a flight to Missouri
we have a flight to Missouri oh hell
yeah I love flying my friends wait why
are you guys here not at the airport
because Marvin's scared to get on a
plane yeah I am well I don't really
blame you I mean I'm scared as hell
flying planes too what don't tell him
that you're supposed to make him feel
better I am making him feel better I'm
just saying that I feel just as scared
as he does between me and you I don't
know what the [ __ ] I'm doing up there
it's all autopilot and if that goes off
it's
just pretty much the only people who can
land a plane without autopilot are like
Sully sullenberger landed on rivers and
[ __ ] God he's so [ __ ] cool and that
name Sully sullenberger that's like if
my name was Brooklyn Brookie Burger yeah
well I'm just worried cuz all the plane
crashes recently yeah yeah there have
been a lot but that's just people making
dumb mistakes what about the plane that
just landed upside down oh that was
actually me I'm really proud of that
that was you oh yeah yeah yeah yeah see
I was flying in and air traffic control
said you're flying that plane like a
[ __ ] I bet you five bucks you can't
land that plane upside down I said okay
bet I inverted that [ __ ] landed smooth
as [ __ ] yeah it's pretty cool oh well I
mean a lot of people got hurt yeah well
it's their fault for not wearing their
seat belt I turned on the fast and seat
belt sign okay I warned him well I mean
did you tell him you were going to land
the plane upside down well no because
there's no sign for that well still what
about the other plane crashes and I just
don't want to die in a plane crash I
really don't want to die in a plane
crash just tell him you won't die in a
plane crash so we can hurry up and leave
well I don't want to lie to him it is
still a possibility what well I mean
statistically yeah flying is the safest
way to travel I mean I think the safest
way to travel would be like in a big
plastic ball that you just roll around
like in Super Monkey Ball or maybe if
you're like riding on the back of a
truck transporting mattresses and you're
just like all between the mattresses
that that'd be pretty safe I mean you
don't want to like suffocate in the
mattresses so they can't be like that
thick and mattresses are pretty heavy
and you don't want to get crushed so
they'd have to be like stuck to the wall
and I mean so you'd have to make sure
that happens but then then you'd have to
make sure you have air holes so again
you don't suffocate maybe it's not as
safe as I'm thinking Marvin just come
fly on my plane okay well just promise
me you won't land it upside down well if
I get a bed I can't promise that but
come on all right come on guys grab the
luggages
[Music]
oh man I'm so scared Marvin it's going
to be okay I'm freaking out hey
approximately 1 minute and 42 seconds
into the flight my wiener is coming out
you're not going to pull out your wiener
Jeffy sir you can't say wiener on this
flat there's children on board I didn't
know I couldn't say wiener I thought I
couldn't say bomb you can't say that
either and also I'm going to need you to
put your luggage in the overhead
compartment I looked there was no room
I'm going to need you to find room how
am I going to find room when there's no
room left on the plane hey Marvin I see
you met Susan the flight attendant I've
banged her and so is every other pilot
you should try it it's deer so what's
the problem here he won't put his
luggage in the overhead compartment I
would if I could there's no room oh
Marvin buddy I got you I will personally
put this in the captain's closet throw
this [ __ ] out the back we don't have any
room we overload it as it is it's his
fault for flying economy so Marvin how
do you like my plane listen to me saying
my plane like I'm Drake it's Delta's
plane I'm just flying it today but
that's what we Pilots say it's you know
our plane I guess that means it's my
fault if we all die but how do you like
the plane Marvin there's no seat belts
oh yeah this is a pretty old plane this
is actually its last flight before it's
supposed to be decommissioned it's kind
of like it's maiden voyage but like at
the end it's made end Voyage can I get
you guys anything to drink um I want a
beer not you she's going to bring me one
anyway and R this do what do you guys
need do you need anything no I don't
want anything peanuts peanut bom okay
Jeffy do not pull out your winner on the
flight 1 minute 42 seconds oh hey mate
you ready to go flying not right now
Simmons I am freaking the [ __ ] out
what's going on this plane is old as
[ __ ] Simmons it's been in service for
like 30 years I don't even know if we're
going to make it off the ground this
plane is held together with duct tape
and dreams oh it's all right manate
everything's going to be okay I don't
know Simmons this plane is a [ __ ]
death trap hey everybody this is your
captain speaking uh the outside
temperature is 65° uh we got a wind
coming in from the Northwest uh the
estimated time of arrival today is
uh 7:30 7:30 so everybody just uh sit
back
relax Simmons I really wish they would
let us talk normal into these things so
people knew what we were saying I know
but it's in the handbook we have to talk
like that but you forgot the ending oh
yeah that's right U flight attendants
prepare the cabin for a cross check and
all call Simmons I still don't know what
the [ __ ] that means I don't know mate
but it's in the handbook yeah well that
handbook can eat my ass handbook SCH
book that's what I always said that's
what I say too say it all the time I
heard you say I I can't stop saying it
where the [ __ ] are my peut Che B here he
go sir [ __ ] faster next time you watch
your language je I'll beat your ass sir
you need to watch your mouth I was just
defending you he called you a [ __ ] I
didn't want to Sir Sir [ __ ] Jeffy you
made a big ass mess on this airplane sir
what did I say about your language he
made a big mess he's he's acting crazy
on the air these peanut taste like dick
Jeffy God damn it stop it sir if you say
one more cuss word I will get the air
marshall no he he said he was say [ __ ]
and he was say dick and sir you need to
stop it I will get the air marshall okay
I won't say anything else Jeffy please
don't say anything okay pissing my ass
cheeks that's it well Jeffy you're going
to get us in trouble did somebody call
an a marshall yes this man won't stop
causing a commotion I'm not causing a
commotion sir I'm going to need you to
pipe down I'm not even piped up I'm not
even any pipe of pipes there's no Piper
and Peter Piper's not even here if you
don't calm down I'm going to turn this
planate around well we haven't even
taken off yet look it's my son when he's
nervous and when he when he's nervous he
yells obscenities it's pretty bad do I
need to tape you to the chair soris no
no no chairs no no no tapes and chairs
and stuff okay no more okay I'm good
shut the [ __ ] up we're ready for takeoff
you know I should probably call my
daughter wait why mate well because
we're on a really shitty plane we're
probably going to crash and die and I
should probably let her know well you
know your phone needs to be on airplane
mode it's in the handbook Sim it's just
a myth hello hey Penelope hi Dad hey I
just want to let you know I'm on a
really shitty plane so I'm probably
going to die in a plane crash what yeah
yeah it's a really old plane so I'm
probably going to die you might see me
on the news I was actually in the news
ear earlier cuz I landed a plane upside
down but somehow I think this one's
going to go worse dad maybe you
shouldn't be flying planes today yeah
but I already did the cross check and
the alc call so the genie is kind of out
of the bottle I think I'm pretty much
locked in okay yeah yeah I just want to
let you know cuz you're probably going
to have to get a bunch of jobs like I
had you know to pay for bills and stuff
cuz you're definitely not going to get
any money from your mom she's definitely
spending that alimony money on food and
shovels for the food cuz she's a fat
[ __ ] Dad can you please stop fat
shaming Mom oh I'm not fat shaming she
has no shame that's why she eats with
shovels hey you remember in the divorce
how she got all the gardening tools
especially the shovels so she could
shovel food into her mouth like a fat
[ __ ] oh and don't forget the hose for
her chocolate bats but she only washes
the inside of her mouth dad maybe you
should be flying the plane y y all right
let's take off oh man take off's my
least favorite part Marvin do you want
me to read you a koala joke to help you
calm down a koala joke yeah like what is
a koala's love language quality time
oh my God that [ __ ] s on the
plane I told you number oh my God a
snake wow he was not qualified to handle
that
snake why is there a snake on the plan
someone help oh my God Simmons do you
think I should let the passengers know
about the snakes on this plane yeah
probably it's in the handbook yeah
you're right uh excuse me ladies and
gentlemen this is your captain speaking
uh we are now at cruising altitude uh I
also just want to let everybody know
that there are in fact [ __ ]
snakes on this [ __ ] plane uh we
did not have enough room for them in the
cargo area so we've allowed some of them
to roam freely about the cabin uh have
you seen any of them I would recommend
you do not touch them and Samuel Jackson
I'm sorry I know you hate this kind of
thing oh yep there he goes he has had it
he is sick and tired of this [ __ ] oh
[ __ ] Simmons what was that oh sorry
manate I was trying to adjust my seat
and I accidentally hit the button that
detaches the wings from the airplane God
damn it Simmons now we're in a free fall
let me tell everybody uh this is your
captain speaking if you look out the
window you'll notice that the wings are
gone uh we are now basically just a
flying missile uh there's not very much
I can do about that right now other than
thank you for flying Delta today and if
you get a survey in your email my name
is Captain Brooklyn T guy that's T guy
not Brooklyn e guy that's a different
guy that I'm not related to I know it's
pretty
crazy I wish I could have qualed my
family and tell them I love them this
airplane C can get this dick my Wiener's
coming out
I know you're screaming for your lives
but for the inconvenience of crashing we
are going to offer you 10,000 Sky miles
if you sign up for our Delta credit card
I would recommend doing that right now
cuz the ground is getting real close go
go go hurry hurry hurry it's getting
close it's too late
[Music]