so guys you ready to play 2v2 basketball
oh yeah dude I'm going to win guys you
know I can't play basketball today why
not Cody wait why are you dress like a
girl because it's me and Ken's
anniversary and we're driving to Dallas
Texas to have dinner why Dallas Texas
because that's where Ken was born he
wasn't born in Texas he was made in
China well yes his parents bung in China
but he was born in Dallas come on Cody
we need you for 2v2 basketball we can't
just play with the three of us I mean I
guess we could do a 2v one since
Penelope doesn't count as a real person
she's a girl and she sucks at basketball
hey you know what k Clark is a wonderful
female basketball player are you her no
but I could be no you couldn't shut up
hey Cody you ready to go oh Jeffy you
want to play basketball with us I can't
I got to drive Cody to Texas yeah
jeffy's driving us to Texas and his
convertible and we're going to have to
top down the whole way there yeah he's
paying me 20 bucks come on Jeffy let's
go oh I hate that stupid Ken doll yeah I
can't stand Ken I know every time we
have cool plans he Cody always chooses
that doll Over Us his real friends yeah
I wish Ken would just die yeah I wish
somebody would shoot Ken in the head
while he's in that invertible right you
guys it's a doll you can't kill it well
you tell Cody that you're right this is
stupid he's just a dumb doll let's go
play 1 V one basketball Joseph and penel
can be the ref she doesn't even know the
rules dude I know you cannot kick the
ball okay that's the rule you can't kick
it oh yeah that's right that's football
come on you guys want to listen to any
music nah just enjoying the breeze I
love having the top down and having our
heads exposed to the wind
[Music]
oh my God kid kid no oh God no what
happened they shot Ken's head off that's
what happened see see they shot his head
off oh what do we do keeping driving we
might be next do you want me to put the
top up no the top Down's cool as [ __ ] we
look
cool what's wrong Cody somebody blew
kid's head off well actually they shot
his head off I blew his head
off wait so someone shot Ken in the head
yeah we were just driving around in the
back of the convertible with the top
down and then somebody shot him in the
head just like John F
Kennedy who would do that I don't know I
just don't know anybody who would hate
Ken wait a minute you guys hate Ken yeah
I hate Ken but I didn't shoot him yeah I
want to kill your dog dude cuz he's a
dog dude he can't die well Joseph you
did say how you wish Ken would die
Joseph and Junior you specifically said
how you wish someone would shoot Ken in
the head in the back of the convertible
Junior okay I say weird stuff all the
time if it happens it's not my fault The
Simpsons predict stuff and they don't
get in trouble and I don't even have a
gun to kill you stupid doll dude okay
well where were you guys in the last 36
seconds well we were going to play
basketball but Joseph ran away for 36
seconds cuz he said he had to find
basketball shoes I mean I need his shoes
to G the ground d i a jump H very
suspicious well what about you Junior
you went to the bathroom for 36 seconds
why were you timing him in the bathroom
well listen I'm a nervous p here so I
stand in front of the toilet and I'm
like come on little guy you can do it h
very suspicious I don't think it's
little at all whip it out let me see it
it is it is little I promise okay well
let me feel around down there and feel
if it's little wait wait a minute if me
and Joseph were gone that means you were
alone for 36 seconds penel be what were
you doing flicking the bean no Junior I
wasn't doing anything and besides I
don't hate Ken like you guys wait a
minute it couldn't have been Penelope
you said you said Ken was in a moving
car when he got shot yeah there's no way
a girl could make that shot girls can't
aim yeah they have horrible aim they
barely play video games you know what
shut up Junior I'm out of here I'm
leaving very suspicious that you're
running away now that we're accusing you
well that's okay because I don't think
it was her I think it was one of you
guys it wasn't one of us I promise what
oh no Junior what if that's the killer
well why would he come back here well
maybe he wants to finish me off or
finish on me that sick [ __ ] come on
let's answer the door hello hello there
okay so listen I was recording Birds on
my camera from my window when all of a
sudden I on camera someone shooting your
doll in the head from the back of the
car you did you did I did well come on
inside well well well Joseph it turns
out somebody was recording the whole
thing so now we'll find out who really
killed Ken yeah it's on my
laptop let me just press play on
this come on little birdies get out of
the
tree o look a car
oh my God K oh
no no it's just so graphic but what can
we learn from this well we can learn
that whoever killed Ken was definitely
outside or either shooting him through a
window and I was in the bathroom and
bathrooms don't have windows so you know
it wasn't me yeah and Penelope was
timing you in the bathroom too so that
means it had to have been Joseph cuz he
was trying to get shoes and you know
what room has shoes rooms with Windows
the room with Windows is the one that
has shoes and that means he shot Ken
through a window so you're telling me I
had enough time to find shoes get a gun
kill Ken and hide the gun dude wait a
minute nobody ever said you hid the gun
that's it I've heard enough I'm calling
the cops on Joseph come on dude hey
there somebody called the cops yes
officer this man shot my boyfriend wait
which one the one in the green shirt oh
yes yes of course the the obvious
suspect what I didn't do that no I
didn't kill Ken well does he still have
the weapon on him no he said he hit it
no I said I didn't have time to hide see
see he said he didn't have time which
means it might still be out in the open
somewhere and him even saying that means
he did Kill Ken okay so where is your
boyfriend's body it's right here that
just looks like a headless kend doall
he's not a doll officer okay do you even
have any proof that he shot your
boyfriend yes we have this video press
play
Junior oh I get it you guys are doing
like a JFK kind of thing yes that's
exactly what we're doing okay well in
that case I guess I should arrest him
cuz I have a feeling something's going
to happen on the way to the courthouse
if this is a JFK kind of but I didn't
kill Ken yeah yeah yeah say it to the
judge Lee Joseph Oswald Lee Harvey
Joseph Wald Joseph Harvey Wald wow kid I
should arrest you just for that that was
a stretch that was a bigger stretch than
my ex-wife's mouth at a buffet you know
cuz she liked to eat a lot she had to
stretch her mouth open real wide like a
snake she was a fat [ __ ] anyway kid
come on you're under
arrest yeah sorry Cody I'm so sorry that
Joseph shot Ken like that just can't
believe it yeah oh here here Timmy Cody
Cody Cody my sister just showed me the
video of Ken getting shot I know it's so
sad I just can't watch it anymore who
did it well apparently it was Joseph
yeah it was Joseph why would he do that
well he's always hated Ken yeah he's
hated Ken so much he's always said he
wanted to kill him well you know what
I'm going to go do something about this
what is there to do I have no idea what
he could possibly do look Cody the news
wait a minute that's my line the news
[Music]
breaking news Joseph who shot kin while
he was riding in a convertible car is
being taken to court right now to be
tried for his crimes let's go to the
black and white footage now and here
comes Joseph the man who shot Ken and
he's been shot he's been shot Joseph has
been shot Timmy shot Joseph why would
Timmy do that he's such an idiot now
he's going to go to jail order order
order order
can I have to buy another one of those I
am the honorable Judge poer and today we
will be hearing the case of Timmy who is
being accused of shooting a boy named
Joseph well not really accused he was on
video so there's proof it's really a
pretty open and shut case he's obviously
guilty but just for my own amusement and
to add time to the video I would like to
hear your side of this Timmy why did you
shoot Joseph In Cold Blood well your
honor Joseph deserved to die he killed
my boyf friend's boyfriend well I guess
my boyfriend too kind of either way
Joseph deserved to die he killed Ken
well that's all I need to hear Timmy I
find you guilty and sentence you to
death yes that's a good smack yes to
actually you know what because this
broke I think we should do another trial
it's not official unless I bang it with
a real gal oh I don't feel good I feel
sick oh no get this man to a hospital at
once ooh I like this I'm like Voldemort
but with a nose die Harry Potter aak
Kadabra oh no I I killed him I I I
didn't know I was a
wizard I lost two boyfriends in one day
and Joseph's dead well at least Ken's
Killer's been brought to Justice or has
he I'm sorry Junior oh you said at least
Ken's killer was brought to Justice and
and I said or has he why would you say
that I don't know I mean we don't have
any proof that Joseph was the shooter
but you said he did it well I mean the
video didn't show Joseph doing it I just
assumed Joseph might have done it wait
Junior do you know who did it I mean I
don't know who did it I know I didn't do
it but if I did do it how I would have
done it is when Joseph left the
basketball court I said I had to go pee
and I followed right behind him and then
when I got into the bathroom I closed
the door and then I went up to the air
vent and then I'd come out of the air
vent in the playroom and then I would
lift up the window and pull out a sniper
rifle and then as you were pulling up
down the street I aimed with my sniper
rifle and I pulled the trigger and I
shot Ken and then I went back up through
the air vent in the playroom and came
out of the bathroom vent and act like
nothing ever happened that's what I
would have done if I did it but I didn't
do it junior did did I what nothing what
did you do it or not I didn't do it or
did I stop saying that stop [ __ ]
around did you actually do it or not I
don't know who did it I don't know if it
was me I don't know who it was but it
wasn't me or was it stop stop saying
that listen there might have been a
second shooter on the grassy null you
don't have any grassy NES you live in a
culdesac I don't know Cody not
everything as as it seems what you just
told me everything that happened oo what
where' you go junior junior what theck
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge anthon and today we will
be hearing the case of Judge Puba who
killed a child using dark magic
judge bu how do you plead well your
honor all I can say is crucial
[Music]