all right crass today you have a test
today so today I'm going to come around
and pass out your test today and you
will take your test today and then you
will turn in your test that you took
today and I'll grade your test tomorrow
wait I'm confused when is the test today
but we get our results tomorrow okay
thank you I was very confused all right
Jeffy here's your test I'm going to fail
this show hard and here's your test
today oh I didn't study all right KRA
you may begin your test today and
remember no cheating oh I don't know any
of these answers I can't fail my Mommy's
going to ground me I want to try to
Google the answers hey Patrick are you
using your phone to cheat on the test
sorry I didn't mean to that's it you
fail go to the principal's office now
okay oh grass he's having a seizure
someone get the nurse oh my God poor
Patrick whoa dude that boy going bonkers
no I think he's challenging us to aak
dancing competition oh no way I can
break dance better than him no I can't
guys he's having a seizure I bet his
favorite pizza place is little
seizures hey knock it off you're
distracting me from my
test did someone call the
nurse [ __ ]
nurse all right everybody calm down the
nurse is here all right you just calm
down now what happened you just
experienced a seizure now come with me
to the nurse 's office and we're going
to get you home oh it must have been my
low blood sugar I have
diabetes okay that was crazy all right
Patrick I hope you get better soon I'll
just go ahead and pass your test for
today all right everyone back to taking
your test now wait just a godamn second
this kid gets to act like a bag of Shak
them up fries from Burger King and gets
an A on his test and I'm over here
scratching my balls trying to figure out
why there's letters in mouth I passed
him on his test because he had a medical
emergency he couldn't help it okay that
makes sense well if he can do it so can
I teacher I don't feel so
good oh my God another teach someone get
the lo I bet jeffy's favorite salad is
seizure salad I'm really good at Food
based seizure jokes did someone call me
a
again not as good as last time oh my God
another one now just calm down do I get
to go home of course you do now come
with me heck yes I'm out of here guys
all right Jeffy I hope you feel better
suck on this teach right this way I know
man you guys are dropping like fries get
back to taking your test guys I think
Jeffy just faked his seizure so he
didn't have to take his test it looks
like he really seized the opportunity wa
come on dude that's messed up yeah what
I thought we were all making jokes you
can't make jokes about C that's wrong
yeah it could be you you never know dude
well bully was making food jokes I bet
him and Patrick are going to go eat it
Steak and
Shake the shake that's what a seizure
does
[ __ ] settle down you're supposed to be
taking your test hey n Jeffy what are
you doing home from school so early
school just started Jeffy well I got a
so fast on my testy teacher said I could
come home you got a on your test I sure
did D I'll pass that bit with flying
colors B you never got an A on your test
before Jeffy that's amazing Jeffy yep
and there's going to be plenty more age
on my test coming around because you've
been studying so hard yeah let's go with
that well Jeffy we have to go out and
celebrate but first go do your chores go
do the dishes and take out the
trash Jeffy knock it off go do your
chores seure what Harin I think jeffy's
having a seizure I'm going call a doctor
hey Le somebody call a doctor yes doctor
he won't stop shaking whoa waa hey calm
down champ tell him I can't do my chores
doctor why is he shaking looks to me
like he's having a SE
why uh maybe he's epileptic what does
that mean it means you have seizures
well what causes them yeah how do you
stop from happing again everybody shut
up I don't know I don't know okay I'm
not a very good doctor and I cheated on
that part of the test I don't really
know anything about seizures I just know
they have something to do with your
brain okay then what can we do to stop
Jeffy from having seizures in the future
um I guess we could give him medication
I mean I heard THC helps okay where do
we get THC well lucky for you I'm a
doctor I can hook you up yeah my friend
sold me these brownies and I was going
to eat them alone in my house but I'm
pretty sure there's a good amount of te
DC in here so if Jeffy has one he
shouldn't have any more seizures all
right Jeffy look eat a brownie and I'll
eat one with you yeah me
too hey Marvin he what do us and those
brownies have in common we're all
baked whoa look at my boy Jeffy he is in
space my guy he is [ __ ] zooted he is
in Andromeda right now no no no no no no
no he is he is beyond Andromeda he is an
alpha
centori he is riding the Hubble
telescope whoa whoa Marvin Marvin look
at this you see my hand oh my God I have
the reflexes of a cat oh I think I could
catch a bullet oh my God this is amazing
I don't I don't I don't think Jeffy
could take these brownies every day I
can I I think he need needs real
medicine
oh wait wait did you say something I I
don't I don't feel good um hey I I think
I'm I'm going to I'm going to go drive
home
Jeffy I'm going to go to
bed okay now that we're all sobered up
we have to find a realistic way to treat
jeffy's seizures well maybe because
Jeffy got so zooted it cured his
seizures do you think they're cured
Jeffy well it depend on if you you tell
me to do my chores or not no I think you
should stay away from chores I don't
want you to get dizzy or I'd fall over
yeah I agree no chores for me Marvin I
think I have the munchies yeah me too
let's go downstairs and get something to
eat well if we don't get pizza I'm think
I'm going to have another seizure again
so Marvin what are we going to have for
dinner yeah Daddy what's the moves Pizza
Time no Jeffy I know what you're going
to eat you're going to eat a big old
plate of green beans to help out your
brain and need some vitamins oh no Daddy
I feel it coming I feel it
coming he's having another seizure we do
pizza we have to call the doctor okay I
get doctor
doctor hey there somebody called Dr Doof
and schms what you know like Phineas and
Ferb Candice Candice Weena fit in your
mouth you're still zooted yeah I get
hungry on the way back to my car so I
had another brownie well look Jeff's
having another seizure hey hey man calm
down you're good bro see you're good
what happened we tried feeding them
green beans and he had another seizure
oh I see what's going on here it's time
for
dessert see Marvin no more
seizures oh Jeffy my brother in Christ
you're in another dimension my boy see
he can see colors we can't even imagine
colors that are not even on the color
wheel hey Marvin hey Marvin you know who
my favorite Yu-Gi-Oh monster is it's red
eyes black dragon you get it cuz he's
baked
oh hey hey Marvin you know what pisses
me off is when people say tomato tomato
but like I've never heard anybody say
tomato like like I give you that
cheeseburger but no tomato nobody says
that or like like potato potato like
nobody says potato either like like I'm
going to go play with my Mr Potato Head
or or or give me that bowl of mashed pot
hos oh man okay all right I think I'm
going to go
home okay now that we're all back to
normal Jeffy we have to find a real way
to cure your seizures other than eating
those brownies but Marvin those brownies
help jeffy's seizures well he he can't
eat those brownies his whole life he
can't function being like that all the
time so Jeffy just go to your room and
lay down until we find out a way to help
you but I want to play fortnite all
night you can't play fortnite Jeffy
that's a video game and a video game is
flashing lights on a screen that will
cause another seizure it will yeah so go
lay down but what did the video games
help my seizures it won't Jeffy just go
lay down and rest okay D and make a loud
noise if you have a seizure go dude okay
guys guess um uh wiener is it a wiener a
CR a crooked wiener a crooked wiener I'm
seeing a crooked wiener no uh uh a
drippy wiener a crooked drippy wiener no
it has uh big oh balls a crooked drippy
wiener with big balls no look Cody it's
a faucet like like a water faucet oh I
was so close hey guys oh hey Jeffy I
have a question did you did you fake the
seizures at school today to get out of
taking the test sure did Junior and I've
been faking seizures all day and getting
baked red what Jeffy was faking it this
whole time oh he's so grounded baby
what's wrong Marvin did you know that
jeffy's been faking his seizures all day
don't say that no no no no I just heard
Jeffy tell his friends that he faked his
seizure in school today to get out of
taking a test what so it all makes sense
now Jeffy faked the seizure to not do
his chores he faked the seizure not to
eat his green beans he been faking his
seizures all day oh my God Marvin what
do we do we whoop him Jeffy get in here
dearest father are you going to give me
a spanking oh you're damn right I'm
going to give you a spanking what have
before because you've been faking your
seizur all day Jeffy no I haven't yes
you have
oh then what if he's actually having a
seizure I'm not falling for it this time
Jeffy knock it off all right you caught
me see Jeffy been fing your seizure that
is so wrong that you're making fun of
people who have seizures I'm sorry Daddy
no Jeffy there's people out there really
suffering for seizur and you're sitting
there faking it for your own personal
gain that is so wrong Jeffy I know Daddy
I will never do it again you better
never do it again right Jeffy that's so
wrong you know what I'm going have to
call that doctor back and let him know
that sorry for wasting his time cuz
Jeffy was faking his seizures all right
I'm starting to think you guys are just
calling me for my brownies no no no no
brownies I just want to let you know
that jeffy's been faking seur all day
and I want you to tell him it's wrong
it's all good in the hood bro well no
it's not all good in the hood what Jeffy
did was wrong and I want to be grounded
hey hey hey man you need need to calm
down you know what I think I think you
need to have some more
brownies you see Marvin you're not so
mad anymore are you hey hey you know
what word I hate
nonchalant it it doesn't even have an s
in it it's chalant with a CH is that's
some [ __ ] and you notice you can
never be shalant just nonchalant you
never hear anybody say man I am very
chalant I'm having a bad day I'm feeling
very chalant today you never hear that
hey hey you know what else is crazy like
like wood comes from trees but houses
are made of wood so if you think about
it all houses are tree houses man damn
[Music]
m