so guys what do you want to do today
dude dude dude we got to do the one chip
challenge the what the one chip
challenge there's this one chip that's
super hot but once you eat it you're
going to spit it back up it's so intense
you might cry you might sweat or even
throw up dude it's that hot bro it's
that hot we should all try it oh I got
three of them we're going to try them
today well Cody are you going to try it
guys it's a potato chip it's not that
hot well I want to see you try it then
okay let's see what the pamplet says it
says if you can last 1 minute you're
powerless 10 minutes you're Power full
30 minutes you're super supercharged in
1 hour you're Invincible dude you're not
going to last 10 seconds guys this is a
kids game I'm a man I can handle a
potato chip then eat it Cody yeah okay
fine I will let's take a look at this
stupid thing doesn't look that hot ow it
is it hot Cody mm- wa wait it's not hot
at all M no way maybe it's expired yeah
it got to be expired come on I want to
try it I want to try it I'm open this
one up dude yeah if it's not that hot I
want to try it are you sure it's not hot
Cody NOP it's not hot at all Cody why is
your face red oh I I'm just embarrassed
for the chip company cuz they think it's
hot but it's not dude you're shirtless
yeah I just want to show you how strong
I am and how weak that chip is wait the
chip wasn't hot at all no that chips for
[ __ ] so you can eat two of them huh I
could but I'm not hungry right now oh
eat two eat two that come on dude you
can do it might as well yeah yeah do it
dude is it hot come on it has to be hot
it's the one chip challenge you ate too
the Cody's truly a man he's not a man it
can't be you know you know what be
really cool if he could eat three dude
he would be a Savage Oh open up open
let's try to eat three open okay Cody
are you Cody what what happened to your
hair oh I I shaved it to show you how
much of a badass I am it it didn't fall
off or anything wait wait why are your
eyes red oh I'm just so mad that that
chip wasn't as hot as I wanted it to be
oh can you eat three cuz if you could
eat three you're truly a badass yeah
dude yeah okay I could do this all day
yeah go ahead dude I want to see it why
is your tongue black oh uh I guess my
tongue died because of how hot the chip
wasn't I eat it then dude I eat it
Savage Savage Savage
Savage wao dang dude you really ate
three chips wow you finally get my
respect now bro well boys your friend
Cody's lucky to be alive but I got to
ask what happened did he try to eat like
1,000 Bees No he ate three of the one
chip challenges what three what is he
crazy no he's a Savage he only supposed
to eat one and even then that one is
dangerous and he ate three like it was
nothing what a badass so like is he
going to die see that's the thing he has
third degree burns all over his body his
tongue is medically dead and his stomach
melted his stomach melted yeah so we're
going to have to do a stomach transplant
well go in the back and get a stomach
well this isn't Best Buy I don't just
have a closet full of stomachs back
there we're going to need a stomach
donor we'll find a stomach donor well
see that's the problem with stomachs see
people need stomachs to live so if we
take a stomach from one person they're
going to need a stomach and then we're
going to have to take another stomach
from someone else for them and then it
just goes on and on with people trading
stomachs so how are we going to find a
stomach well we're going to have to wait
till we find somebody who's dead or
dying and take their stomach well why
don't we just go to a nursing home and
grab an old person and take their
stomach well then he'd have the stomach
of like an 80-year-old man and then he
would only be able to eat like Jello-O
and tapioca and stuff so he needs a
stomach from someone our age yeah and
that's pretty tough because people your
age don't usually die unless it's an
accident wait a minute so what if one of
our friends that we don't really care
about just so happens to die today we
can bring them to you and you'll take
their stomach um if somebody your age
were to just happen to die I could use
their stomach yes Joseph what's up we
should totally kill one of our friends
we don't care about and bring them the
body so we get the stomach oh dude I've
been waiting on this let's do it yeah
we're going to do that okay I didn't
hear any of that okay so we're going to
bring you a stomach of someone RH wait
wait wait just bring me the body and I
will handle the stomach all right come
on Joseph let's go kill someone yeah
let's kill our friend I didn't hear that
either all right Joseph let's name off
some friends that we really don't care
about ooh I can name a few like Patrick
that kid from class oh yeah Patrick he
thinks everything's crazy when it's not
so let's use his stomach but but dude
how are we going to kill him uh oh I
know we can we can put one of my toys on
the roof and ask him to go get it and
then we lock him on the roof and the
only way he can get down is jump off and
that's how he died You Evil Genius you
so I bet he's outside let's go get him
yeah let's let's get
him uh hey Patrick hey guys look at my
Spider-Man bouncy sure is bouncy yeahhuh
uh Patrick we need your help I lost one
of my toys I need you to get it for me
okay yeah we need you to use your
Spider-Man Powers okay I help come on
see Patrick right there there there's my
paddle ball right there why is it on the
roof uh I got frustrated cuz I couldn't
do it and it was making me mad so I
threw it on the Roof oh that makes sense
can you go get it for me okay this is
crazy Joseph close the window close the
window I got you dude why' they close
the window I going to get the paddle
wait this is
fun so now what dude well U eventually
he's going to get hungry and he's going
to want to get off the roof and we
locked the window so the only way for
him to get off the roof is he has to
jump and jumping off the roof will kill
him okay so when is that going to happen
uh well he's having a lot of fun with
that paddle ball so okay maybe we should
go try to kill someone else in case he
doesn't jump oo sounds like fun all
right Joseph let's think of someone else
in case Patrick doesn't jump off the
roof o how about that bully kid from
class that's always bullying us oh yeah
the bully he's always making fun of us
wa why don't we think of him first we
don't care about him right okay so so
how about this we go get the bully to
come over to my house we tell him we
want to go swimming and we say we're
stronger swimmers than him oh that'll
make him mad dude and the only way he's
a stronger swimmer than us is if he can
swim with this weight tied to his ankle
and then he'll drown and then we'll use
his stomach and we can let Patrick off
the roof o that's a genius plan we take
a life and Save a Life yes so let's go
get the bully yeah let's get his bully
nerd give me your lunch money I don't
have any money I know you do hey bully
what are you nerds want give me your
lunch money uh we were going to invite
you to swim in my pool why would you
invite me you guys hate me uh but you're
our best friend yeah and wouldn't you
like to swim in a nice cool pool you
look stressed yeah that sounds kind of
fun actually yeah so come swim in my
pool with us okay all right let's swim
in the pool yeah wow I never thought you
guys would let me swim with you that's
really nice thank you you don't know how
to swim [ __ ] what yeah you suck at
swimming oh you going to drown I can
swim someone who another swim size what
you
swi I can swim if you're so good at
swimming that I bet you can't swim with
this weight tied around your ankle well
I bet I can okay let's tie on your ankle
then come on okay are you sure you can
swim with this weight tide your ankle
yeah I'm a really strong swimmer you
going to swim to the bottom all right
jph throw the weight in
there look at him drown dude he can't
breathe we're about to get a stomach oh
yeah stomach us up dude all right
Patrick you come down now hey guys you
kind of left me on the roof up here yeah
sorry about that but we don't need you
anymore so you can jump off now okay hey
can I jump in your pool from here uh
jump into the pool uh yeah you should be
able to make another P from right there
okay he crazy
W what Patrick what' you do yeah dude
he's supposed to be drowning guys the
craziest thing just happened I jumped
off the roof and I saw this guy drowning
and I saved his life what we were trying
to kill you guys yeah you ruined it what
I'm out of here well Patrick you ruined
everything you want me to get back on
the roof yeah get back on the roof hurry
up Joseph I'm so frustrated I know we
had him dude he was drowning I know and
then Patrick had to save his life but at
least Patrick's back on the roof but he
can keep jumping in the pool dude okay
how about we drain the pool so when he
jumps in the pool he dies but it's going
to take hours to drain the pool okay how
about while the pool drains we get
another person to come over and we get
their stomach like who dude oh we can
call it Penelope but don't you have a
crush on her but she's a girl and all
girls are the same it's not like I'm
going to miss her you're right dude
juice world was right yeah all girls are
the same so I'll call penel and just ask
her for her stomach wait why would she
give you her stomach though because
girls want to be skinny and if she gives
us her stomach she'll be skinny oh yeah
she would totally be skinny okay yeah
cuz she won't eat anymore so let me call
Penelope what do you want Junior well
there's something I need from you ooh I
like how this starts off dude okay well
what do you need well the thing I need
is inside of you oh no I'm out of here
no no no I promise I promise I'm not
being gross I'm not listen the thing I
need is where babies come from oh my God
I'm leaving I'm talking about your
stomach I'm talking about your stomach
what babies don't come from your stomach
Junior yes they do that's why women's
stomach get big when they're pregnant
comes from your stomach I don't have
time to explain Anatomy to you okay
listen we need your stomach it's an
emergency well why because Cody needs a
stomach transplant oh he's going to die
no Junior if I give you my stomach I'll
die well listen listen baby listen talk
to me talk to me baby listen don't you
want to be skinny if you give me your
stomach you're not going to eat anymore
and you'll actually be skinny yeah you
look pretty fat over there Penelope you
look like a chunky monkey excuse me look
you're gaining a few pounds listen
you're pretty big you're bigger than me
so listen if you give me your stomach
you'll lose weight cuz you won't eat and
then you'll be like a supermodel paper
thin yeah guys will actually like you
you know what I'm fine with the way I
look Junior okay you can lie to yourself
but not me listen you get you get skinny
but we can fix your face later with
plastic surgery but listen you give me
your stomach you'll be really skinny I
promise oh my God you are so rude Junior
I'm leaving no no no okay back up plan
grab a hammer and knock her out okay I
got you uh stomach schach how about we
make out baby no where's she at she left
a dude ready she's comfortable in her
own skin oh what's wrong with these
women these days it's like they can't be
manipulated I know she has a self-esteem
or something I wish a stomach would just
fall into our laps
who who's at the door oh no hello hey uh
you mind if I hide out here for a while
the police are looking for me what' you
do oh nothing serious I uh stole a video
game well that's dumb video game should
be free yeah yeah yeah that's that's
what I said yeah so you can come inside
yeah you look cool dude okay so what's
your name uh Purple People Eater Purple
People Eater yeah but you can call me
Greg all right Greg what do you want to
do I'm hungry what the news is on I
wouldn't watch that breaking news the
normal news anchor is on a cruise so
filling in is me Steve stalberger so
breaking news an escape convict known as
The Purple People Eater known for eating
his victims after they've decomposed and
turned purple has escaped from prison
keep an eye out for him he's very
dangerous
awkward uh Greg can you give us a second
okay uh Joseph there's a seral killer
right next to us you know what that
means we need to run no no no grab the
hammer and kill him we can take his
stomach no one's going to miss a serial
killer oh you're right dude I'll get the
hammer all right hey Greg so we don't
care what we just saw on the news I mean
we know you're a good guy yeah I only
stole a video game I got the hammer dude
wait what's the hammer for uh we're
going to make a Tik Tok to that song
Hammer Time D I love that song yeah so
go go
go well kid your friends never came back
I guess I'm just going to have to pull
the plug doctor doctor doctor I found a
guy we can take his stomach what is that
purple people eater yeah we hit him with
a hammer wa you know he eats people
right his stomach is going to be full of
human remains well you could just empty
the stomach and give it to him it's
still a stomach yeah I guess you're
right okay I guess we can do the surgery
after all yeah well guys I made it full
recovery I just want to say thanks for
giving me a new stomach
anytime get get back down here yeah Cody
we wanted you to be alive so we got you
a stomach there was a lot of people we
tried to kill wait what yeah there was a
lot of people we had to find you a new
stomach and we finally got you the
perfect stomach so how's it feeling well
it's okay but whenever I eat food I just
don't feel satisfied oh well maybe
because you need to eat people what yeah
that stomach belonged to a seral killer
who ate people what he ate people but
only purple people which means after the
body to compose and turn purple oh oh
god I think I'm going to throw up no
you're not you're stomach's used to
eating stuff like that so look maybe
it's just hungry cuz you're not eating
people I can't eat people Junior no
don't worry you don't have to eat people
but that's probably why you're not
satisfied yeah yeah you're right you're
right I don't I don't have to
[Music]
m