Marvin are we still watching a scary
movie tonight yes baby jeffy's put on
his pajamas then he's going to bed and
then we're going to watch a scary movie
oh I'm so excited hey Daddy check the
fit I got my bunny shoes on got my
carrots on I'm ready for bed oh you are
ready for bed Jeffy so how about you hop
on over to your bed and go to sleep no
what do you mean no before I depart off
to bed I have just the teensiest request
what's your Teensy request I would like
one pepperoni pizza Jeffy you're not
getting a pepperoni pizza before bed why
I want pizza Jeffy say please my balls
itch okay first off even if he says
please he's not getting a pizza before
bed and also Jeffy what about your balls
stop it Jeffy listen pizza before bed
will uh give you nightmares Pizza these
nuts what I'll give you a pizza
something Jeffy you you can't you said
the the the punch line before the pizza
these nuts look you're not getting pizza
before bed Danny I assure you your night
will go a lot smoother if you get me
pizza is that a threat no Danny it's not
a threat I'm just saying the back of my
bunny suit opens up and it exposes my
butt cheeks and I had one of those
watery poops today and I didn't wipe my
turd tunnel so I have plans on rubbing
it across your couch like riding happy
birthday on a birthday cake but instead
of icing it's going to be [ __ ] from my
poophole Marvin I kind of want a pizza
now how'd that make you hungry I'm am
going to wipe my poop hole the dirty
poophole across your couch like smearing
cray and crayons okay Jeffy I'll get you
a DN Pizza great all right Jeffy here's
your pepper pepperoni pizza e what's
wrong why are those red things on it
those are pepperonis well I don't like
pepperonis take them off you said you
wanted a pepperoni pizza where's the
cheese under the pepperonis well I want
the pepperonis taking off okay fine I'll
take the pepperonis
off all right Jeffy I took all the
pepperonis off the pizza so you can eat
it I don't want it anymore I want Hot
Dogs Fall you're scaring me Jeffy you're
going to eat this damn pizza come on
Marvin the sooner he eats the sooner we
can watch our movie baby you're not
going to actually play this game he
wants hot dogs now you want hot dogs
Jeffy yeah Mommy but you're going to
want to write this down because I like
my hot dogs a certain way okay yeah so
check it this is what I want I want two
hot dogs boiled then when they're done
cooking I want you to put them on a
plate Loosely no bun or anything cuz I
like to watch them roll around then on
the center of the plate I want you to
put ketchup and mustard on there but
it's up to you to balance the plate so
that the hot dogs don't touch the
ketchup and mustard because if they do
you're going to have to start all over
and then to drink I want show me the
water that the hot dogs were cooked in
with milk then once you got all that
together go ahead and put that in the
trash cuz I'm not going to want that
either Jeffy oh that's it Jeffy you're
going to bed hold on I got one more
request go to bed Jeffy but Daddy you
didn't hear my request I want grapes
with the skin peeled off and I want
bananas but I only want the stringy part
good night Jeffy oh Jeffy frustrates me
so much calm down Marvin let's just
watch the movie and look we have a
cheese pizza we can eat yeah you're
right and I guess if you want to add
some sausage to that pizza it's right
here you picked it off and put it in the
corner what those are pepperoni not
sausage pepperoni is a type of sausage
no it's not okay well let's just sit
here you be wrong and watch a movie
okay a there you CAU me but Jeffy go
back to bed but I heard movie and I want
to watch a movie you're not going to
watch this movie Jeffy it's scary Jeffy
it's really scary you can't watch it
well how scary is it scary or scary it's
scary well I can watch it I'm a big boy
no jeffy's going to give you nightmares
it's a really scary movie I don't care
Gab cuz I want to watch it oh you know
what fine we'll watch it but when you
get nightmares you don't come crying to
me okay I won't go cry Daddy it's called
Nightmare and pooby street
[Music]
[Applause]
right wait why am I jogging at
night suuck my
ball get over here run run
Jeffy
run no
please what damn cat I'm tired of you
scratching me while I sleep go get out
of here shoe man the damn cat ruined my
favorite white sleeping shirt what's
wrong honey come back to bed the cat
scratched me while I was sleeping I told
you we should get that thing d CL I know
I know it's just it's like cutting off
their fingertips I just don't feel
comfortable doing it it's just a cat
okay I I'm not going to argue right now
okay I'm
tired wait hold on do that again oh yeah
a little lower right here oh yeah that's
it that's the spot that's good okay all
right you can kill me
now daddy this moving scary well Jeffy
we told you it was a scary movie so he
killed you in your dreams and then
killed you in real life yeah that's the
point of the movie I'm not going to
sleep it's not real Jeffy so I'm not
going to dream about him well I mean you
just watch the movie so you might morvin
well I'm just being honest like he's not
going to kill you cuz he's not real but
you might have a nightmare about him
morvin just I'm just telling the truth
baby I'm never going to sleep ever again
what are you doing Jeffy I'm trying to
keep my eyes open till I don't go to
sleep at some point you're going to have
to close your eyes Jeffy no I don't
you're going to have to go to sleep at
some point no not all right Jeffy how
about this what if I have this special
little thing that will stop him from
coming in your dreams special little
thing yeah look look come to your bed
come on okay okay Jeffy come in the bed
but then my seats will be all sticky get
in the bed Jeffy okay all right Jeffy if
you just go to sleep Freddy won't come
in your dream okay well how are we going
to stop Freddy from blowing a load in my
dreams he's not going to come in your
he's not going to go in your dreams
because you have I have this special
little tool and this tool will stop
Freddy from coming going into your dream
you won't dream about Freddy if you have
the special tool okay the tools right
here it's this chapstick so they say if
you have a Chapstick on your bed then
Freddy will stay dead okay I'll let you
know when that makes sense so look you
can sleep and have all the dreams you
want cuz this chapstick will stop Freddy
from going into your dream so good night
Jeffy okay good night Daddy all right my
daddy said that as long as I have my
Chapstick then I'll be safe all right
time to go to
[Music]
sleep wait a minute I'm on the same
strain as that movie that
means get back
here Jeffy I'm just trying to check on
you what Jeffy where'd you go Jeffy
Jeffy how you floating like that
Jeffy get back in bed
Oh Daddy that Freddy guy came in my
dream no he didn't Jeffy you were just
having a nightmare no Daddy he really
did he picked me up and he was shaking
me we got to call the cops well I mean
you were just being shaken in the air
like you were just floating there so so
he actually probably was in your dream
and and picked you up that he is real
yeah we have to call the cops come on
Jeffy baby baby baby we just called the
cops what why because Freddy's and
jeffy's dream trying to kill them what
hey there somebody called the cops yes
oh I can see why why not just order a
cheese pizza who orders a pepperoni
pizza and then picks the pepperonis off
that should be a felony officer I have a
question is pepperoni a sausage
everything was a sausage to my ex-wife
especially the next door neighbor while
I was at work did he pepperoni that's
not funny my wife cheated on me with my
neighbor it was heartbreaking but I'm
glad you get to make your little
pepperoni joke anyway what do you find
people need you need my help eating this
pizza huh huh you need my help opening
this garlic sauce you need my help
dipping the pizza in the garlic sauce
might help eating the G Pizza no listen
have you seen the movie Nightmare on Elm
Street which one there's like nine well
whichever one has Freddy Krueger in it
that would be all of them so yes well
listen Freddy Krueger's in jeffy's dream
trying to kill him Marvin that's
ridiculous oh no I believe him Freddy is
very real and he kills people all the
time as a matter of fact whenever we
can't solve a case we just chalk it up
to Freddy well well Freddy's in jeffy's
dream trying to kill him how do we stop
Freddy well I have good news and bad
news uh the good news is stopping him is
pretty easy I know a guy who does that
all the time what you do what's his name
maybe you've heard of Jason Vorhees he's
my cousin he is oh yeah he kicks
Freddy's ass all the time so that's the
good news oh the call him well see
that's the bad news the bad news is he
lives on the bottom of a lake and he
only comes out on Friday the 13th and
today is Saturday the 29th not even
[ __ ] close well well maybe you can
like maybe he can do you a favor and
come out today instead of the 13th I
mean he lives on the bottom of a lake so
I can't really call them but I guess I
could send an email yeah do whatever you
have to do uh hey Cuzo it's me you you
know that thing you usually do on Friday
the 13th uh need you to do that on
Saturday the 29th please thank you very
much okay well let's see if he
[Music]
answers oh hey look everybody he showed
up
I I know Jason I'm sorry I know it's not
your day we just really need your help
yeah so so Mr Vorhees Jason Mister um my
son Jeffy he's been having a lot of bad
dreams about this Freddy guy that's
trying to kill him and we want to know
how to stop
[Music]
him
yeah oh
okay yeah okay so uh Jason says that
Jeffy needs to go back to sleep and when
he dreams about Freddy he needs to steal
Freddy's hat because Freddy hates that
and that'll bring Freddy into the real
world and then Jason can kick his ass MH
okay all right Jeffy let's go to sleep
and so you can take Freddy's hat all
right okay uh uh uh Jason also wants to
know if you're going to finish that
garlic sauce and the pizza cuz we're
hungry you guys can have it
yes all right Jeffy go to sleep and when
you see Freddy you grab his hat okay all
right
Daddy all right I'm back on the street
now where is he h got your hat hey give
it back
dadd I got the Hat oh give it to Jason
give it to
Jason that's not fair that's my head
give it
back do this
every you hit
myle you like it
let's get out of
here hey he did it yeah he killed Freddy
yeah he does that but uh don't let him
catch you on Friday the 13th he's not
going to be so friendly that's when he
kills
everybody so Jeffy I hope you learned
your lesson not to watch scary movies I
sure did daddy so what are we going to
do for the rest of the night do you want
to watch the sequel yeah okay
[Music]
honey what are you still attracted to me
yes of course it's just we never spend
time together anymore it's just i' I've
been really busy recently and I'm
working a lot of hours and I'm just I'm
tired okay you never even hold my hand
you are my hand just go back to sleep
okay honey I told you I'm not in the
mood right now
oh kill me okay
[Music]