hey Daddy you want to see me juggle
these bowling pins no I will now
juggle the bowling pin hit me in the
nose and now my nose is broken your nose
is not broken they're made out of
plastic come on Jeffy we'll go to the
bathroom and look at
it who's at the door hello hey Marvin oh
hey guys what are you doing here well
you're the best at home jewelry repair
guy in the country right
right he says you're the best yes he is
you you're the best right you repair
jewelry and you're the best right uh
yeah yeah see he is he's the best all
right cuz I got something I need you to
fix yeah so let's come inside and show
you what it is yeah come inside so
what's going on I broke my diamond Crown
see it's in pieces and you can fix it
cuz you're the best right what's going
on I'll explain later just keep lying oh
yeah I can definitely fix that that's
easy great but how' you break your crown
well me and my son named two were're
running errands and there was an
accident and I'll tell you the story in
nursery rhyme F chew and two went up the
hill to get a PIR of soy sauce chw fell
down and broke his crown and two came
tuming after so that is what happened
okay where'd he go I don't know hey
sorry about that PE break I've already
heard the story though basically long
story short he and his son fell down a
hill his son hit his head and got brain
damage and now he's in a coma but his
crown broke his fall but the crown is
broken and now he wants it fixed so can
you fix it oh yeah I can definitely fix
this what's it made out of pure diamonds
180 karat that's like a million dollars
now I think you're starting to see why
I'm here oh well I can definitely fix it
but why do you have a crown that's so
expensive well my great great great
great great great great great great
great great great great great great
great great great great great great
great great great great great great
great grandfa stole it from a Mongolian
princess and it's been passed out from
generation to generation to generation
to generation to generation to
generation and then my dad give it to me
and then now I wear it and every time I
wear it it's like I big a [ __ ] you to
the Mongolians [ __ ] you
Mongolians oh okay well I will
definitely get it fixed for you but are
you sure you don't want to sell it for
like a million dollars no I want to keep
it in my family I want to have it so you
fix this and I'm going to go visit my
son too in a hospital huh huh Marvin huh
you think what I'm thinking we steal the
crown and we sell it huh stop hitting me
it's a good idea though right no it's
not a good idea this Crown means a lot
to him look Marvin I'm a cop and a
doctor but I'm also a thief and I know a
good deal when I see one we could make a
million dollars well I have a hole in
your plan what happens when he comes
back here to get his crown and we sold
it see that's why I brought him to your
house and not mine he doesn't know where
I live actually I didn't even tell him
my name so whenever we steal the crown I
can just run off with my half of the
money and it's your problem no we're not
going to do that okay well do you know
anybody else we can tell him as a master
jewelry repair person so we can use
their house no I don't know anyone that
we can do that to well help me think of
a plan okay well why don't we find a
cheap Crown online and we give them the
cheap one and then we keep the real one
and sell it see see I like how you're
thinking about stealing it now you
really came around on this whole idea no
you told me to help you think of an idea
no no you want the money you see this is
how I know you got that doging you you
dirty bastard this is why it came to you
oh okay listen Okay do we even have
someone we can sell the crown to see I
already thought of that I know a guy
well actually I know a mammal who deals
in stolen goods a mammal yeah come on
let's see him look we can just sell the
crown and then we deal with the
consequences
later
okay hey there welcome to the black
market pawn shop what do you got for me
well we have this centuries old 180
karat diamond Crown from Mongolia oh
[ __ ] man that's cool yeah I could
definitely give you at least a million
dollars for that oh yeah we'll take it
all in cash and hundreds please wait
hold on this is broken oh yeah it's a
little broken but I mean like it doesn't
matter right you can just pull off the
diamonds and sell those yeah melt them
down you don't melt diamonds Marvin no
no no we don't buy broken stuff no I'll
tell you what you get this fixed and
come back I'll give you an easy million
this is stupid Morphin let's go okay
sorry Marvin I only had one raincoat
it's fine I only got a little
wet oh man I'm so nice and dry Marvin
you soaked yeah I'm I'm really cold go
change your clothes okay okay I changed
my outfit you're wearing the same
clothes well I just have multiples of
this outfit what are you SpongeBob okay
Bob look we have to try to fix this well
why don't you fix it aren't you supposed
to be the world's best at home jewelry
repair man you made that up oh yeah I
did why I lie so much I'm starting to
believe my own lies why can't we just
glue the pieces back together together
oh Marvin everybody knows you can't glue
Diamond I didn't know that well you
can't but look we have super glue that
could work why can't we just use regular
Elmer's Glue really Marvin [ __ ] ass
Elmer with his [ __ ] ass glue what's
wrong with Elmer's Glue what's wrong
with Elmer Marvin his name is Elmer it's
a [ __ ] ass name name me three cool guys
named Elmer you can't they're all
[ __ ] Elmer fud he's a cuck I'm
hunting rabbits shut up Elmer fud with
your [ __ ] ass speach impediment [ __ ]
okay we won't use Elmer's glue no we can
use your [ __ ] ass glue you know how you
know this is [ __ ] ass glue because you
can eat it without dying it's non-toxic
you see the superglue it's toxic as [ __ ]
you eat this you're dead right here in
the back it says if swallowed contact a
poison control center this is real men's
glue okay that that's not glue that's
like sticky mayonnaise you can put that
between two pieces of bread and eat it
kids do that I do that but this this is
real glue okay it has a gorilla who
would win a fight Marvin a gorilla or a
guy named Elmer a gorilla exactly
because gorillas are strong just like
this glue can't believe you wanted to
use non-toxic edible glue you ever eat
glue Marvin no that's such a glue eater
response oh my God you said that exactly
the way a glue eater would say it back
in school we used to call people like
you glue eaters cuz you eat glue okay
fine I eat glue okay well I don't
anymore I grew out of it you know except
for like maybe a couple drops every now
and then as a treat actually you know
what I'm I'm going to I'm going to throw
this away for you so so you don't eat it
okay Marvin I just got myself some
cereal with milk that's milk that's what
that white stuff is it's milk okay what
kind of cereal is that that's Cinnamon
Toast Crunch the taste you can see oh
that's real good well I open up the
super glue oh good so use that to fix
the crown while I eat my cereal with
milk wait why is the milk doing that
it's all gooey no it's not it's not glue
if that's what you're asking it's
definitely not glue this is milk see
your milk is expired that that's why
it's all it's all gooey like that okay
well I'm going to just try to fix the
crown yeah and I'm going to eat the what
is definitely definitely not glue oh my
God I did it I fixed it I fixed it I
finished my cereal but it's all over
your face I am a messy boy no it's like
all sticky yeah it wasn't milk it was
glue it's so [ __ ] delicious I love
Elmer's Glue so much I used to eat a
bowl of it every morning before school
but then kids started making fun of me
so I stopped doing it and I haven't done
it since but now I just realized how
much I love this glue look go clean
yourself up okay but let me lick the bll
clean first stop stop stop it stop it
what stop doing that okay go clean
yourself up okay kids do not eat glue it
is very gross okay I cleaned myself up I
can't believe you ate glue hey don't
ever show me Elmer's glue ever again
okay I can't control myself well look
the super glue worked and I fixed the
crown oh that's perfect let's give it to
the dolphin and get a million dollars
okay let's
okay let's take it to the pawn shop
hopefully it's not
raining oh you idiot okay look only one
piece broke off this time's let's just
go super glue it again okay come on come
on there's got to be a drop left we're
all out of super glue and I ate all the
Elmer's Glue stupid stupid stupid why
did it have to be so delicious can we
just use tape no tape's not going to
work Marvin we have to hurry that guy
could be back any minute okay what is
something sticky we can use let me see
what I have in my pocket all I have is
this pack of Bubble Yum bubble gum okay
we can chew a piece and then put it
right there and put the piece on it and
make it stick but Marvin that's going to
look stupid you're going to see the gum
look it's all we got okay well you want
a piece yeah I'll take some okay look I
put my piece of gum right there and it's
fixed looks like [ __ ] what it does yeah
but look we got to go okay and it's
really dark in there so hopefully he
won't even notice okay yeah let's go hey
welcome back to the pawn shop did you
fix it did we fix it if you look right
here you'll see it's good as new is that
gum uh yeah but it's ancient Mongolian
gum because we we took it to a
professional Mongolian fixer person and
he was chewing gum all right look all I
care about is that it's in one piece so
here you go here's your Millie oh my God
look at all that cash paper chaseing
hoes okay we'll take it all right just
get out of my face oh my God I can't
believe I got a million dollars what are
you going to do with your 500,000 what
500,000 no there's a million here yeah
but we're splitting it so what are you
going to do with your half splitting it
no no no I'm sorry I think maybe you
misunderstood see you were just supposed
to be the Fall Guy I was going to run
off with the million while you got in
trouble oh no we're not doing that we're
splitting this money yeah see the
problem with that is that I want to be a
millionaire not a 500,000 in an air
because that's not a word that's not
cool we're splitting the money because I
poured the glue on the crown and fixed
it yeah but then you dropped the crown
and broke it but then I fixed it with
the gum but it was my gum yeah but I had
to use my piece cuz you refused to use
your piece well yeah obviously because
it's Bubble Yum okay the flavor lasts
for centuries I'm not spitting that out
it's not some Hubba Bubba [ __ ]
listen let's just split the money and
both be happy no how about this how
about we play Rock Paper Scissors for
all of it no we're not going to do that
let's split the money no no no come on
no best two out of three just one game
of rock paper scissors for all of it
come on okay fine 1 1 2 3 rock paper I
win I no no no no no no how how about
the uh best two out of three you just
said no best two out of three no best
two out of three come on let's do it
let's do it 1 2 three paper um okay no
no no how about how about one more game
one more game winner takes all I just
won 200 200 times in a row no no it
doesn't matter one more time one more
time Winner Takes all I promise 1 2 3
paper get the I get all money paper
three times let's split it split it 5050
okay fine let's split at 5050 yeah we'll
split at 5050 yeah let's go do that yeah
uh uh um no no no no what no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no you're not taking it
split it okay fine fine we'll split it
geez okay split it wait what's that over
there what uh nothing what what what is
that man that's you should keep looking
at that uh where you going with it no no
I'm not taking this no of course not
it's just every time you look at me
there's like this weird thing behind oh
it's back what that is crazy
there's a cat behind you huh KY okay
okay 5050 5050 okay yeah 5050 50 let's
start counting
it okay we both have 500,000 each are
you happy no this is so lame lame lame
listen stop whining we both made 500,000
each selling a crown that wasn't ours
you sold my crown uh no no we didn't
sell your crown he sold your crown for
$500,000 so that that's all your money
this is my 401K retirement that I took
out I mean the penalties are going to be
crazy cuz I'm not 59 and a half yet but
I I took it out in cash so I'm actually
going to put this back no we both sold
your crown for a million doll so all
this is your money you sold Mongolian
princess crown for $1 million you give
me that money right the [ __ ]
now okay take a stupid money I didn't
even like money anyway it's not like I
like to buy things money's
stupid I'm sorry for selling your crown
are you going to try to go buy it back
hell the [ __ ] no I got a million dollars
I'm going to be eating kungpow chicken
tonight and I'm also going to pay off
to's medical
bills well at least the money went to
something good
[Music]