hey daddy can i play 49 with my fringe
no jeffy we're watching a movie right
now but danny i gotta catch these dubs
catch these dubs is that a disease no
these w's what are w's because wind
starts with a w i gotta catch these
winds daddy don't worry marvin we're
just getting old all the kids are
talking like that nowadays baby i think
i know what he's saying he's saying he
wants to win the game well you can win
the game later but my fringe won't be on
later well that sucks for them come on
marvin just let him play one game
i thought we were watching a movie come
on marvin please
okay jeffy you can play one game and
then you gotta leave all right you hear
that guys ready the f up i've been ready
yeah i was ready the whole time dude
well i'll be ready as soon as ken gets
his butt out of my face oh wait come
back okay fine i'm ready all right where
are we landing guys you already know the
spot we're going to tilted towers oh
yeah we're going to walk down there with
about nine of limbs is is nine of limbs
good
guys my old fart daddy just asked me if
knight elimination was good what a noob
boomer guys guess who's playing with one
hand right now what what do you do with
the other hand shimmy
i don't know what that means guys i got
a gold gun right off the rip oh dude i
got a shotgun but jeffy what kind of
guns you got currently looking for one
junior yeah me too and currently getting
shot at well don't die we just landed
jeffy trying but i'm lacking i'm running
in place right now come on i'm trying my
pings at 9 000. i got more ping than a
chinese phone book is pain good i don't
know it's ping good
but jeffy you're gonna die i know y'all
dick would japane do not talk like that
[ __ ] jeffy jeffy her spaniel the dog
jeffy stop saying bad words like that
you're only saying that because you're
around your friends oh you think he's
catching my friend
well daddy the internet is dead what
jeffy do not say if you say dick one
more time you're grounded well daddy
guess what the internet is what dick
jeffy stop that is that you are grounded
okay that's fine i wasn't gonna play
anymore anyway because the lag is so bad
because of this mcdonald's internet we
do not have mcdonald's internet jeffy
mcdonald's like five miles away would
they move me closer to a mcdonald's
because then maybe my signal will be
better but just definitely we have
internet here and it's fine the internet
is perfectly fine no it's not call the
internet company and help them fix it
man it wouldn't hurt to get better wi-fi
you gotta take his side if he gets
better wi-fi he can sit in his room play
his games and we can be alone
i guess you're right if i do have better
internet okay well listen even though
even if i get the internet fixed you're
still grounded so you can't play on it
anyway okay that's fine it'll be better
next time when i'm not grounded oh okay
let me call them great
okay jeffy i'm calling the internet
company thank you hello this is camille
habib above camilla's in camel habib bob
is in corn on the cob and what can i do
for you on this fine evening uh yes my
internet is being really slow no daddy
tell him how bad it really is he needs
to know my son says the internet is a
dick oh i'm so sorry you are
experiencing dick internet let me pull
up your account and see what i can find
out for you
oh i see the problem when i pull up your
account associated for the phone number
in which you are calling it shows here
that you are currently paying for the
lowest internet package marvin what is
he saying he said i'm paying for the
lowest internet package well how much
for the fastest one how much for the
fastest internet well currently you're
paying two dollars a month for dick
internet if you'd like to upgrade to the
fastest internet it would be two hundred
dollars a month two hundred dollars a
month how good would it be not dick it
would be not dick for 200 a month
internet i don't know marvin that's a
lot of money well let's do it let's pay
for it hold on is there any way to fix
my internet without upgrading it like
could you send a guy out here to see if
like he can unplug it or plug it back in
or something well we can try
troubleshooting it i would have to send
a technician out and he will i have to
assess the problem with the internet but
it could work okay yeah send out a
technician before we do any upgrades i
don't want to spend that kind of money
right no i want to upgrade daddy let's
upgrade shush jeffy okay send the
technician all right the technician will
be there any minute oh thank you
daddy pass the puff what the puff that
you're puffing to get you this high to
think we don't need faster internet
jeffy listen look they're sending a
technician to try to fix our current
internet and before we spend 200 a month
that's a lot of money jeffy daddy two
hundred dollars a month is a small price
to pay for me to catch dubs jeffy you
can catch dubs on the internet once the
technician fixes our current internet
listen jeffy he'll be here any minute
well you're hot
there he is right now the internet's
gonna be fixed right now just sit right
here and be patient hello hey there i'm
here to fix your crappy internet oh
thank god you're here my son's been
complaining about it all day oh yeah
kids these days sure do love their
internet i don't understand it i think
it should just go outside you know throw
a football around get bit by a snake get
stung by a wasp see how long you can
stick your hand in an ant pile put a
jellyfish down your pants you know live
there's a whole world of dangerous
animals out there and you just want to
sit inside and play video games lame
yeah you want to fix the internet yeah
sure
okay so here's the internet box look all
the green lights are on so why is it so
slow well i mean you do have the
cheapest internet okay so can you do
something to make it faster um
well i mean i guess i could unplug some
wires you know maybe cut a few what cut
some wires why oh you know you might
have some bad wires i'll just
you know snip those real quick and are
you sure you know what you're doing
you're asking me if i know what i'm
doing i work for the internet company
they wouldn't have hired me if i didn't
know what i was doing oh okay i'm just
making sure you know what you're doing
okay so i'm gonna deal with this and
i'll come get you when i'm done okay
all right jeffy the technician is
working on the internet well he's not
doing a very good job because now the
internet's out completely because he's
working on it jeffy that's why it's not
working uh hey so i goofed how'd you
goof um it turns out you're not supposed
to cut all the wires i told you that but
you said the internet company hired me i
know what i'm doing hey listen man i
watch a lot of movies okay you know and
in the movies the bomb squads they
defuse the bombs by cutting the colored
wires so i was cutting the red one and i
thought it would blow up but it didn't
the internet just went out so now i
don't have any internet well i mean it's
not that much worse than what you
already had you had dick internet
now i don't have any more internet jeffy
calm down all right look i want to
upgrade my internet i don't want the
most expensive i want the level above
mine what what's the level above mine
well the level above dick would be ass
what well you have dick internet and
then above that would be ass internet
how good is that i mean it's ass and
when you're using it you're not gonna go
man this internet stick you're gonna go
this is ass okay what's above that above
that would be shitty internet what's
above that above that would be poor
internet and then above that would be
mcdonald's wi-fi internet and then above
that would be walmart parking lot
internet and then above that would be
ihop wi-fi internet and then above that
is your basic internet and that's where
it starts to get usable how much is
basic internet that's 100 bucks a month
oh man that's expensive how much is ass
marvin just get the basic internet baby
100 a month is expensive how much is ass
it's four dollars a month that sounds
like a deal jeffy no let's get the most
expensive one jeffy we can't afford that
listen i wish there was a way that we
could have fast internet without paying
a lot of money but that's just not an
option hmm okay listen man i'll tell you
what you give me a hundred bucks right
now i will give you your neighbor's
wi-fi password he has the best internet
okay it is god to your internet it's the
fastest you can get will he know that
we're on his internet oh no you can't do
that that's illegal it's stealing what a
baby shut up men are talking will he
know that we're on his wi-fi no no way
dude no his internet's so fast 50 people
could be using it and it wouldn't drop
at all okay you know what here here's a
hundred bucks we want his wi-fi password
okay his password is haywood jablomi
just type that in jeffy what is it again
haywood jabloni oh hey look it worked
okay awesome oh yeah so so would you
what hmm no nothing you you enjoy that
neighbor wifi oh thank you so much baby
i'm sorry for yelling at you but look we
just got a deal we have internet for
free now we're just using the neighbors
marvin isn't jiffy grounded mommy hush
your mouth zip your hole yeah jeffy you
are grounders you know after this game
you got to get off but daddy i've
already got like two eliminations i got
three gold guns and i'm already at like
500 mounts each oh jeffy just
let me see who's at the door just just
keep playing your game i guess hello hey
hey are you stealing this guy's internet
uh but no what are you talking about i
noticed an unauthorized device on my ip
broadband connection and i stream and
mine bitcoin and i noticed a slowing in
my speech so i want to know who's
[ __ ] me uh i i i don't know what
you're talking about yeah what he's
trying to say is somebody is using his
internet
somehow and he wants to press charges
because that's stealing and i traced the
device back to this address well it's
not me i i can promise you i do not have
a device connected to your internet how
would i even get the password yeah yeah
how would he even get the password
i guess i'll have to go back to my house
and change my password yeah yeah you
should do that oh man i'm so sorry about
him that guy is nuts can you believe him
he noticed his internet drop by just a
little bit what am i gonna do for
internet now well i mean i guess i can
go back over there and try to get his
new password oh no he'll notice and
he'll come back over here and try to
press more charges yeah you're right i'm
sorry man i've done all i can well come
on there's got to be something you can
do well i guess all you're going to have
to do now is just move closer to a
mcdonald's oh thanks for nothing but
okay geez oh mommy i'm about to get this
win oh get this one daddy
what's wrong jeffy i got kicked off the
internet i thought you paid well the
cops were downstairs for the neighbor he
found out we were stealing his internet
and he changed the password marvin i
told you it was a bad idea we should
have just paid for wi-fi but wi-fi is so
expensive you just wasted a hundred
dollars we could have put it towards one
month of basic internet or that would
have been half of the good internet
listen jeffy listen i promise you'll be
able to play games on the internet today
how we don't even have wi-fi look i have
an idea grab your controller grab your
system follow me okay
see jeffy i told you i get you wi-fi did
not
i oh gotta win boy emote on that hoe
emote on that hoe daddy i'm not mf and
good i me jeffy emf and jeffy just got a
win on mcdonald's wi-fi i'm not mf in
good
[Music]