[Music]
Junior what are you doing playing trains
can we play yeah sure play with whatever
toy you want oh I want to play with this
dinosaur no Joseph you cannot play with
this dinosaur why not because it's
fighting over a football with Tom Brady
oh uh upload this dinosaur then no no no
you can't play with any of the dinosaurs
because the dinosaur's trying to fight
Tom Brady well can I play with this
monster truck no Cody you can't play
with the monster trucks the monster
trucks are trying to help Tom Brady
can't you see he's struggling dude what
can we play with it you can play with
any toy you want except for the
dinosaurs or the monster truck or or
Thomas Jimmy can I play with this plane
no Cody you cannot play with the plane
the plane's gonna give Tom Brady aerial
support well then what can we play with
uh you play with any toy you want except
for any of these toys look guys I said
you guys can have cookies fine I'll have
a cookie oh get me a cookie Cody yeah me
too Jenny there's only one cookie left
only one cookie left wow guys you ate
all my cookies I never even got one me
neither dude well since there's only one
cookie left and it's my house then I get
the cookie no Junior can share yeah
we're your guest dude uh Cher um how
about
my germs I'm still gonna eat it yeah me
too oh how about we flip a coin and
whoever wins the coin toss gets the
cookie but that's not gonna work Junior
a coin only has two sides and there's
three of us well we'll get a three-sided
coin and then we'll flip that well that
doesn't exist well we'll invent it and
then we'll sell so many three-sided
coins that will make enough money to buy
more cookies that's smart that wouldn't
even work like like geometrically all
right guys how about this how about we
ask Chef PeePee who gets the cookie okay
fine chef baby
wait what do you want junior well me and
my friends were playing toys he was
playing toys yeah he won't let us play
on play they just they just want to play
with the wrong toys I want a cookie and
then we realized there's only one cookie
left because they ate all the cookies no
we didn't eat all the cookies well look
Chef PeePee who should get the last
cookie why don't you just share the
cookie oh sharing who shares cookies
like you're supposed to eat a whole
cookie well I'll just eat it then Chef
you're fat you deserve a cookie go on a
diet I'm not fat you you're the fat one
fat boy fatty mcfat guys am I fat no you
got a little bit of cushion for the
pleasure yeah you gained a little weight
dude okay Chef people just make an easy
decision who deserves the cookie because
obviously I think I do since they ate
all the cookies I never got one but no I
didn't get a cookie well I never got a
cookie you ate all the cookies
I got a solution how about you just play
the quad game what's the quiet game
who's ever quiet the longest gets the
cookie how about that well I can stay
quiet no Junior I think it's gonna be
pretty hard for you oh yeah guys I
better be more quiet than all of you no
I can be pretty quiet Junior
let's go on the couch and play the quiet
game all right guys we're playing the
quiet game and if you talk you lose go
wait I got a question Junior you just
lost I just told you don't talk I got a
question you didn't ask if we had any
questions what's your question okay okay
what if none of us talk like ever like
what if we stay quiet forever oh man I
will be the happiest man alive oh let's
hope for that like who gets the cookie
if none of us ever talk I don't know
maybe I'll get the cookie still okay
then I'm gonna talk I don't want you
look look how about we start it right
now go
I had one more question oh what's your
question okay what if I have to poop wow
oh my God it's too much information
what if I have to be like I have to poop
just raise your hand how about that okay
all right now let's go go
he didn't do anything he didn't say
anything Joseph
[Music]
uh
wow he just hit me
just eliminated Ollie you're eliminated
you're not supposed to talk but Joseph
said Al who Ali you talked you you
laughed you hit him uh he he screamed we
had to tell you that Joseph talked look
I'm out of here I don't want I don't
even care anymore wow guys how are we
gonna find out who gets the cookie now
well we could get some rulers and you
know settle this like man what are you
talking about he's trying to say who's
taller oh yeah that's that's what I
meant I'm pretty tall I would say I'm
the average size down I mean I don't
know oh guys I got an idea how about you
guys stay the night and we stay up all
night and the person who stays at the
longest gets the cookie oh we could do
that I can stay up till 1am I'm gonna
get that cookie well at 10 30 is my
bedtime but I'm sure I can stay up
longer than that well 9 30 is my bedtime
well I can stay up till like a thousand
a.m but I I don't think that's a time
that comes after 9am it's one zero zero
zero zero a.m you mean 10 a.m yeah that
I can stay up till 10 a.m 10 in the
morning I bet I can stay up longer than
all you guys so so whoever goes to sleep
doesn't get the cookie and the guy who
stays at the longest gets the cookie
okay then all right guys let's stay up
all night okay all right guys let's play
basketball to help us stay away that
sounds fun yeah let's play basketball
well shouldn't we be playing a game that
uses less energy since we're trying to
stay awake all night well you opening
your big fat mouth must take a lot of
energy so stop talking and popping all
those pimples on your face that must
take a lot of energy so stop popping all
your Pebbles good with dude you
Junior all right Joseph shoot all right
dude watch this
my turn no you don't get a turn I should
until I miss and I never miss watch this
oh dude I hate basketball okay I guess
we won't play basketball gosh you
playing all this basketball got me
thirsty let's go in the kitchen get some
drinks okay I am parched
I am so tired hey Chef PeePee do we have
any sugary sodas yeah they're in the
refrigerator wait why because we want to
drink some Junior your bedtime is 10 30
and that's gonna make you stay up all
night that's what we're trying to do
we're trying to stay up all night see
whoever stays up the longest gets to eat
the cookie oh that's stupid junior did
you ask your dad I don't have to ask my
dad doesn't care about me anyway oh look
look those drinks are gonna make you
crash Junior the only thing that can
crash is cars Chef come on guys look at
those drinks oh my god oh man I can't
wait for some sugary drinks whoa dude
you have like every soda in the world
yeah Jenny how do you afford all this
soda my dad's a doctor no he's not well
he gets checks from the government dude
that doesn't make him a doctor look look
we're rich and we spend all our money on
sodas oh look energy drinks Monster
energy drinks Five Hour Energy Red Bull
let's take all these upstairs okay
all right guys are you ready to drink
all these energy drinks dude I'm so
ready oh I want this Red Bull I want
this monster it seems like kind of a bad
idea do you not want the cookie no I
want the cookie I just don't want to
have a heart attack you're not gonna
have a heart attack Cody you can't have
a heart attack until you're like 60
years old I read it on the internet okay
all right so guys choose a drink you
want oh let me get the Red Bull dude
Lobster I guess I'll take a Five Hour
Energy
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
there's like a wrapper on the top yeah
come on dude yeah do you want to give
you like a knife yeah no I think I can
just use my nails
okay maybe I do need a knife okay
here's a knife
thanks
with that
oh there we go there we go that's the
stuff okay here we go yeah yeah that's
that's what Daddy likes okay
okay oh that sounds good
[Music]
[Music]
oh yeah
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
yeah
[Music]
I have so much energy
look at me look at me
oh
you think I can go back in time if I
move real fast
I'm never going to sleep I'm gonna stay
up forever
hey um
hey uh Joseph
why dude you are you getting tired oh no
I'm not tired at all I can do this All
Night
you look tired dude are you getting
tired
what you look tired dude you look like
you're getting tired no I'm not uh
I'm not um
tired I'm not I'm not
what dude Cody um Cody fell asleep yeah
he's not going to get the uh he's he's
not gonna get the um he's not going to
get what
no he's not gonna what he's not gonna
get the cookie there's a pillow I need a
pillow no if you get a pillow you'll
fall asleep I'm not falling asleep me
either yeah you actually you should go
get a pillow for you no no I'm gonna get
a pillow for you you're you're the one
that's gonna need a
pillow because you're tired hey can you
uh can you hit me with the air horn one
time I'm getting tired hold up let me
get it
wow yeah that that works don't do that
anymore it's okay it worked though
you didn't wake Cody so good he doesn't
get the cookie he doesn't need the
cookie
okay so um I'm gonna
I'm gonna just I'm gonna lay down for a
second
and I'm I'm not gonna fall asleep I'm
not going to sleep you're gonna fall
asleep dude that Cookie's mine no I'm
not gonna go to sleep I'm just I'm just
my head hurts so I'm just putting it on
the on the cushion for the oh man that's
comfy oh your eyes are closing no no
they're they're not they're not closing
you look like you're falling asleep no I
could stay up all night
I um I
um
I I get the cooking
I stayed up the longest
cookie here I come
and get the I get the cookie
haha guys you fell asleep
oh God I'm so tired
let me just say a prayer before I eat
the eat the cookie
idiots nothing but idiots I told you
they will fall asleep
oh this Cookie's stale what a waste
[Music]
thank you
[Music]