hang on daddy i need your favor what do
you need jeffy can i borrow a thousand
dollars a thousand dollars we need a
thousand dollars for jeffy because i
want to go to clown school she cook
clown school why do you want to go to
clown school because it's always been my
passion i love making people laugh and i
really like badoon jeffy you don't have
to go to clown school you already are
one more fan it's true we already act
stupid and dumb you have to pay someone
a thousand dollars to teach you act like
that you never support my dream no son
of mine's gonna be a clown i hate you
yeah go to your room marvin you should
support your son no baby i wanted to be
something successful like a doctor or a
lawyer you honestly think he's gonna be
a doctor or a lawyer uh no see well look
baby i don't want him to be a clown he's
gonna get made fun of and that's not a
career marvin i'm gonna go talk to him
well i'm not paying for this i don't
support it
i hate my daddy
jeffy are you okay
no jeffy it's gonna be all right no it
won't not unless you write me a check
for a thousand dollars right now so i
can go to clown school jeffy why don't
you just save up your money so you can
go next year because i won't want you to
be a clown next year then why does it
matter so much that you go this year
because i want to be a clown right now
jeffy do you really want to be a clown
are camel's nipples purple
well jeffy if you promise to be the best
clown that you can be
i will give you the money to go to clown
school
heck yeah mommy this is so pee-pee okay
jeffy just don't tell your dad oh i
won't mommy day daddy mommy's giving me
a thousand dollars going to clown school
i'm just kidding mommy oh
okay here's the plan what was that
no nothing jeffy you yelled my name no
no i'm not going to clown school or
anything no not at all that's right
you're not going to clown school ever
mm-hmm yeah so just stay in your room
jeffy here's the plan yeah yeah jeffy
jeffy focus focus
okay you're gonna sneak out the window
and go to clown school okay all right
mommy i'm gonna be the best clown i can
be see you later mommy
hello and welcome to clown school my
name is screwball and if you're
wondering yes i hate my life being a
clown isn't easy it's long hours of kids
pissing on you you pissing on yourself
kids trying to punch in the balls fat
kids trying to eat your hair because
they think it's cotton candy waking up
in different motel rooms handcuffed to
the headboard i've seen it all like if
you think it it probably happened to me
but anyway what we're gonna do now is
we're gonna go around the room and each
one of you gonna tell me why you chose
this miserable path of life you first
kid um i want to be a clown because i
like making people laugh trust me kid
you're not going to be making anybody
laugh they're going to be laughing at
you not with you people only hire clowns
nowadays just to beat them up and piss
on him at least that's what happens to
me
but anyway what about you sir why do you
want to ruin your life looks like you
already got the hair color going oh
me oh well my daughter's birthday
party's coming up and i figured if i was
a clown then maybe her and her friends
would think i was cool you know like i'd
be the cool dad like oh cool your dad's
a clown but after hearing your stories
i'm starting to doubt that oh no no no
no no no you're not gonna be cool unless
getting beat up and pissed on is cool
then you'll be the coolest dad in the
world but anyway the first lesson of
clown school is if you want to be a
clown you got to look like a clown so
there's clown costumes in each one of
your desks so go ahead and put those on
what the hell
oh god it smells like piss yes they all
smell like piss they're all from clowns
who died from blunt force trauma to the
head from a five-year-old with a boppit
wow this clown outfit's so cool
oh god why is it so itchy ah yeah
because the clown that wore that outfit
before you had scabies be honored all
right the next step to being a clown is
picking your clown name my name's
screwball because when i was younger i
got in a horrible accident and they had
to screw both my balls together so i
have one big ball that's why i'm called
screw ball and not screw balls
all right so just yell out whatever
clown name you want and i'll tell you if
it's taken uh what about what about
butterball the clown take it what about
diarrhea pants to clown take it that was
my father uh what about noodles the
clown taken dingleberry the clown taken
uh
poof pants the clown taken ball pit
the clown believe it or not take it what
really okay what about what about fart
sucker the clown take it he was a good
clown oh okay then what isn't taken uh
tongue balls not taken yeah that fits
you you're now tug ball the clown i am
not going by tug ball the clown oh yes
you are once you're assigned a name you
can't change it i did not pay a thousand
dollars to be called tugball the clown
no refunds all right kid what do you
want your clown name to be what you
about blue balls the clown
actually that one's available
congratulations get your blue balls the
clown yay i got my clown name on blue
balls what he got blue balls why am i
tug ball all right now that you got your
clown names i'm going to teach you how
to do the first trick you're going to
need to know for a kid's birthday party
and that's balloon animals they're gonna
want you to make dogs and giraffes and
elephants
it's too hard what you're gonna do is
you're gonna blow up the balloon and
then you're done it's a snake balloon
see
snake
and if they say oh i don't want a snake
balloon then you hit him with this
worm
see so the only two animals that you
need to know how to make are a snake and
a worm any questions okay but like what
if they want a dog you say snake or worm
i'm paying you a thousand dollars you
can teach me how to make something other
than a snake or a worm snake or worm
okay all right so the next trick you're
gonna need to know for a kid's birthday
party is how to juggle so you're gonna
take three balls like this and start
juggling watch me
see i can't juggle but that's all right
you don't need to know how to juggle you
don't get paid enough for that they're
just gonna piss on you anyway so you
can't juggle are you gonna teach us
anything snake or worm what i i gave you
a thousand dollars the next thing you're
gonna need to know for a birthday party
is you gotta get horny
you gotta have your little clown horn
walk around and do it people's ears and
give them tinnitus
okay what is this are we seriously not
gonna learn anything i expected that
what are you doing
okay that is it
okay that's it i don't want to be a
clown anymore give me my money back
don't be a party pooper i can't give you
a refund i already spent the money but
come up here i'll show you something
cool okay are you actually gonna teach
me something sure all right so the next
thing you're gonna need to know for a
kid's birthday party is getting pied in
the face what
oh god why is the pie taste like piss
cause i pissed in it okay that's it i'm
out of here i don't want to be a clown
anymore i'm reporting you the better
business bureau um am i officially a
clown yet before you become a certified
clown you have to pass the clown test
it's only one question and the question
is what two animals can you make out of
balloons uh snake or worm
congratulations blue balls you're now a
certified clown go out there and get
pissed on as much as you can thanks for
the thousand bucks yeah i became a clown
this is the greatest day ever my drink
finally came true
hmm i haven't seen jeffy all day oh um
well he's probably just in his room but
you don't need to check on him though
because he might be in there doing
teenage boy things hey daddy
guess where i've been oh no you did it
oh yes i did where'd you get a thousand
dollars go to classical jeffy mommy
jeffy you weren't supposed to tell him
well i didn't want to get yelled at you
gave jeffy a thousand dollars to go to
clown school i'm sorry marvin but it's
his passion look at him
jeffy i'm new balls to clown daddy blue
balls the clown jeffy you better show me
what you learned at clown school for a
thousand dollars oh i learned a bunch of
things daddy i learned how to make
badoona animals oh you better show me
the best balloon animals in the world
you better make me a huge elephant like
i'm talking a life-size elephant
too hard too hard nothing should be too
hard for a thousand dollars snicker worm
but snake all right it better be the
best snake i've ever seen
what a switchy snake daddy oh that's
cool jeffy it's not cool it's done get
out of here it's so dumb it's literally
just you just blow up a balloon that
took no talent jeffy can i have a worm
coming right up mommy you could just ask
me for one
here's your worm mommy oh it reminds me
of my ex-boyfriend what oh that get
these balloons out of here jeffy none of
that took any towel all you did was blow
up the balloon and said it was a snake
and a worm well you want to see me
juggle i learned how to juggle ooh
that's cool marvin i mean i guess
juggling is kind of cool show me you
juggling jeffy
i mean at least juggling's a talent all
right daddy watch me juggle yeah
oh my too hard with two hearts and why
is it too hard pee on me what yeah
that's what they taught me in clown
school all right jeffy let's say you got
ripped off for giving him a thousand
dollars to do something with a scam but
danny i got one more trick up my sleeve
won't see it yeah you better be the
coolest trick in the world worth a
thousand dollars all right i can't
believe this all right daddy see this
pie yeah
why does it taste like because i
peed in all right jeffy that is it you
are grounded you can't ground me i got a
birthday party to go to see marvin he
already has a job what someone hired you
for their birthday party they sure did
daddy joe i'm gonna go do that i'll see
you later
go pj go pj go pj go me that's right so
how you ladies liking the party this
party is so awesome yeah i hope it never
ends yeah well you know what they say
there ain't no party like a pj party
because a pj party don't stop
so over here i got some danimals and
some gogurt i got some spiderman and
spongebob gogurt you know whatever gets
the juices flowing and over here i have
some powdered doughnuts so you can just
get into that whenever you're ready oh
pj can i please have your autograph
sorry babe you're gonna have to wait
till after the party okay okay ladies on
the count of three i want you to say
what would make this party ten times
better and don't say more pj okay one
two three more
clown that's right a clown i hired a
clown
i sure did get in here blue balls
all right make me laugh funny man okay
[Laughter]
pj ain't laughing that's not funny
humble i can juggle okay all right yeah
let's see him juggle that'd be really
cool if you could juggle yeah all right
it's too hard wanna pee on me what what
that's not cool that's not cool at all
this is gross
this party's lame bro you're ruining my
party you better do a cool trick right
now oh well i can make a balloon animals
okay balloon animals i want a balloon
animal i want a pig i want a balloon
yeah i want a balloon animal too yeah i
i want a bird um snake or worm what
snake or worm uh a snake i guess
what
shitty snakes
this party's so not cool
bro nobody has ever said a pj party
wasn't cool you better do a cool trick
right now well i got one more trick up
my sleeve okay but it better be the
coolest trick you've ever done yeah it
better be cool pj i'm leaving it's gonna
be cool
i'm leaving oh we're leaving too you
know ladies come back a bro you ruined
my party no lady has ever left a pj
party i am calling the party police
there i just got done cleaning up the
mess i wish we made a mess that i had to
clean up ew
hey i got you kid oh jeffy you got
arrested yeah i had to trespass him for
ruining pj crenshaw's party pj crenshaw
jimmy james crenshaw here jamie's
screenshot that's the one what'd he do
well he did a bunch of lame tricks and
it made pj's girls leave
not his girls leave yeah he's girls oh
well so what's gonna happen to jeffy
well i gotta revoke his clown card so he
can't be a clown anymore wait i can't be
a clown anymore no you're permanently
banned from being a clown wow all that
for nothing wait why is your nose red oh
cause i also went to clown school but i
dropped out because it was just way too
much piss for my liking and i kept the
clown nose to remind myself i'm a clown
for paying a thousand dollars for that
well she's a clown for paying a thousand
dollars for jeffy to go to clown school
what a waste of money yeah okay i'm
gonna go to my other job leading santa's
sleigh
oh
like rudolph
[Music]