o everybody Len up I'm right here yeah
we know you haven't moved it's cheapy
time everybody pick a bed and go Che we
don't want to go to sleep yet we want to
play another game and get this over with
yeah one more game one more game one
more
game okay TB time later we play a game
now pick a partner oh I'm with Marvin
I'm with the blood [ __ ] wait Marvin we
should be partners yeah I want to be
partners with rose no it's okay morvin
me and Jeffy have plot armor what plot
armor yeah we can't die this early in
the series I mean honestly you're lucky
this video isn't called Jeffy squid game
oh I want Jeffy beat you head got your
ass [ __ ] I guess I'll pick uh who's
left yo [ __ ] follow me to the next game
I'm right here okay I will now explain
the next game the next game is tug of
war you grab the wope and you pull
really hard and if you L you fall into
the bucket of ated and you die forever I
will now pick the ver two team to play
tug of war okay uh the girls with the
boobies vered the the ball guy with the
red dirt and pumpkin guy pumpkin guy I
thought we were done with that [ __ ] one
comment now everybody won't stop saying
it Marvin this is the best day of my
life I get to kill my mom and I get to
make billions of dollars I don't want to
kill my wife oh come on Marvin everybody
dreams of killing their wife you know
you get married after a few years you
hate each other then you meet another
woman but you don't tell her that you're
married so then you have to kill your
wife you know you know put some
antifreeze in her coffee cut her breaks
throw her off a cruise ship the American
dream Marvin I don't want to do this
Marvin I don't want to do this I don't
want to kill you look at her saying I
don't want to kill you like she even has
a chance we're men Marvin they're women
and one of them is elderly Brookie
you're a [ __ ] and I'm going to do with
that abortion when I was 15 should have
done oh yeah
well see Marvin this is why she needs to
die listen I'm not going to pull because
I'm not going to try to kill my wife
okay well I'm sure as hell going to pull
I'm not going to pull either well why
don't you pull that tampon out of you gu
you're good at pulling that I guess it's
just going to be me versus my [ __ ] ass
son who couldn't even figure out jump
rope when he was in elementary school I
just cannot [ __ ] figure jump rope out
it just kept hitting my legs and now I
don't even have legs so I can't even
jump but nuh okay ready dead PTO come on
Marvin Paul I know she's your wife but
she's like a solid seven you could do
better you think I'm a seven shut up
[ __ ] and pull you really want to die
over some baldheaded [ __ ] who sits
on the couch and watches TV all day but
he's my husband I don't give a [ __ ] for
$400 billion you could be on a yacht in
Costa Rica getting jell licked off your
nipples baby see Marvin never trust a
[ __ ] this is why little Wayne said he's
done everything but trust these hoes
everything Marvin that means he's gone
skydiving he's thrown a kitten in a
volcano but he's never trusted hoes
Marvin there's got to be a reason for
that these hoes ain't loyal so help me
honestly Marvin I I mean to be real with
you I I know you're not even trying and
they're both pulling with all their
might but I'm I'm prettyy sure I got
this I'm doing it one-handed one good
yank and I could probably kill them both
see this is why men shouldn't be in
women's sports come on [ __ ] we're
losing we got to think of something to
distract them hurry flushing tits what
I'm not doing that okay fine I'll do it
hold the Rope what hey boys get a load
of this saggy tits ew mom no Marvin
don't motorboat get a hold to yourself
Marin what are you doing titties guard I
need my partner back he likes titties
too much oh titties Let
Me Marvin get back to your side now okay
go you're an animal Marvin don't want
your boobies boobies only for me you
give me $400 billion you can have all
the boobies you want Marvin they're
distracted quick pull as hard as you
can oh no my wife $400 billion no my
wife my
wife stop it you
Goose she's dead she's actually dead oh
that's okay buddy look at the bright
side my mom's dead too and she was a
terrible lady oh but that was my wife I
loved her oh come on Marvin you're
acting like Tinder doesn't exist and
think about it you could go to the scrip
club with $400
billion yeah yeah red team win blue team
intimidated no eliminated buddy
intimidated no eliminated lemonade I
love pink lemonade no okay that's close
enough come on Marvin okay the final two
teams of tug of war will be boss and the
homeless guy ver the guy in the yellow
shirt and rouy oh Tu of War Jeffy we got
this all right Jeffy we got this in the
bag okay and I know you're pretty strong
right you got the strength yeah I got
the strength of seven men if I had a
superhero name it would be super chromy
that's pretty hard I can't even lie and
I'm pretty strong myself you see these
guns I used to live way in high school
I'm going to do my tism UPS
yeah keep doing that I like
that taste Ry excuse me Mr Stinky man
have you ever played tug of war before I
gave a guy a tuggy in a Subway for some
Gatorade he was piss holy [ __ ] we are so
screwed you pulled the Rope if I pull
the Rope does a pinata come out for my
birthday with candy and a Three
Musketeers you know what yes yes sure
whatever gets you to put it up candy how
am I going to get out of this oh Jeffy
look at this we're going against a
90-year old man with dementia and a
homeless guy this is like taking candy
from my baby candy or taking candy from
a homeless guy hey go ahead and shoot
that damn gun We Ready oh [ __ ] [ __ ] you
ain't ready for this smoke [ __ ] me a
[ __ ] oh hell no listen I have a PR this
game before when I was a young child and
I run if you take the rope and you ring
back back with all your weight and the
other team boys they will get tired and
once they get tired you pull back and
you killed him I was born in a
Kmart okay ready dead P up silly goofy
[ __ ] [ __ ] ugly
boy keep ringing don't you stop ring
back I want
candy Jeffy tap in the extra strength
I'm trying to find that extra chromosome
I found
it oh yeah yeah yeah that's it that's it
Mountain Dew no you idiot this is not
the Mountain Dew keep pouring yeah Trang
man come help me okay I'm here Fox I'm
tired of this game you po
oh hey Jeffy what's happening how are
they coming back my target changies are
tingling they have one too what it's
like there's a balance we'll pull
harder oh come on we God
Dam Jey I think I know what to do hey
Hess guy there's beer in that bucket
beer we did it
Jeffy oh stupid ass goofy ass boy you
tried and you failed [ __ ] hey hey
Marvin we survived again and there's
only one 2 3 four five of us left that
means I just have to convince four
people to be my friends so I can stab
them in the back and get them killed so
I can get all $400 billion what huh hey
Marvin we getting close to the Mion how
many more games we got man I can keep
going [ __ ] it yeah I can keep going do
yeah what's the next game I want to keep
playing oh the old guy already fell
asleep yes that means it is time to go
to bed wait what happened to Triangle
man he died oh you sound like a girl he
I didn't know they has girl guards here
o hey take your mask off let me see if
you're a butter face a night no oh yeah
she sound like a butterf face she ugly
as hell y'all oh come on show us your
face I will now announce the earnings
for the last game nah screw that we want
to see a
Dan look up
do look my wife is dead and Marvin's
wife is dead so we're available yeah
they're morning no okay come on let's
just go to sleep so we can play the next
game tomorrow guys okay fine I'm do this
bunk right here um I guess I'll get this
one God I just can't get comfortable
without a fun ass sexy ass circular
[ __ ] in my bed Ooh Girl I lick all in a
circle on your ass like
ah oo let's play a game with my squid
and see if you can get Inked Up you feel
me you feel me
baby you hear me girl yes I hear you
okay so come and get a PE pe's box I'm
waiting goddamn why are you naked uh cuz
clothes are constricting and I'm trying
to let my baby breathe you feel me so
take your clothes off I know it's
constricting I am not
interested you funny as hell girl you
must not know I'm a 400 billionaire so
you better get with the program get left
behind so uh come your ass home please
stop talking to me look baby just come
and get impregnant I know you want this
pee pee leave me alone look look look I
know you hiding that outfit so you want
me to turn the fan on look I'mma turn it
on anyway get ready for the windmill wo
woo woo you like it I know it's small
but it'll get there in a
minute what the hell was that sounds
like someone got shot huh that'd be cool
that means we have a better chance of
winning I wish I would have chose a
different bed why because the old man is
sleeping above me and his hand is in
front of my face you know I think maybe
that old man controls these games why
well all the guards keep calling him
boss and like during tug of- War he
didn't do it he just quit and had the
guard do it for him and like when we
were doing the cookies earlier he didn't
do that either the guard did it for him
I was going to have the guard do mine
but I already broke it wow I'm I'm going
to keep my eye on him yeah you should
Marvin you ever think about how small we
are I mean i' I've Googled it I'm I'm
the average 3 and 1 half Ines no no no
no no not like that I mean obviously
people who have bigger ones are lucky no
I just mean like in the universe you
know like we're just like a little rock
out in space you know there's like
trillions of trillions of stars out
there it's just it's crazy we can't be
alone out there yeah it is crazy I'll
think about that while I'm
sleeping
Marvin Marvin what what the hell are you
doing I just want to see you sleep what
what why because I I I don't know just
forget about it what no no what the [ __ ]
Marvin that's [ __ ] creepy what are
you doing I just I just want I like to
look at people while they sleep what
what what is wrong with you there's
nothing wrong with me I just go to sleep
unless it's fine is this like a sex
thing for you no no when people are
sleepy I just like I I I used to look at
Rose while she sleeps I just think it's
like a peaceful thing to look at that's
[ __ ] weird Marv I it's weird it's not
weird it's extremely weird Marvin I I I
don't think we can be friends anymore
why that's [ __ ] weird you're creeping
me out Marvin we were sharing secrets
and you had to go and make it all weird
okay listen just go to sleep and forget
about it I'm not going to sleep now cuz
you might look at me there's nothing
wrong with looking at a sleeping place
it's weird Marvin I don't know I don't
like it if if if we have another game
I'm not going to let you be my
partner Marvin are are you watching the
old man sleep
no yes you are no go to sleep
[Music]