hey die I'm gonna ask you a question and
you better not say the n-word
what daddy they're just new tall I want
and it costs $500 ll want you to buy it
for me no see daddy there you go
screaming in we're luck it's nothing
Jackie I'm not gonna spend $500 on a toy
what Dad you haven't even seen a
commercial yet she's not watch moving
robot
bang
moving robot bang go buy the hottest toy
of the year for $500 are you a little
wimpy kid cool you've ever seen its PP
Jeff yes it's a really cool toy but I'm
not gonna spend $500 on that toy geppi
why Jeff you look like you already have
a bunch of toys look if you want that
toy why don't you have a yard sale and
sell your old toys and using the money
from your old toys you'll make a lot of
money selling your old toys there's a
lot of kid to it they would like those
toys so just sell them your Jail I need
to make my own cuz my Danny hates me and
he's making me live on the street Oh a
yard sale I do love a good deal
hello sure welcome to the Jeffrey's shop
if you have any questions just let me
know
wait is that $15 per crayon yep sure is
these babies come in all different
colors red blue green you name it but
but it's a box of 120 crayons I'll tell
you what if you buy right now I'll show
you the whole box of crayons for a
thousand bucks no I'm not spending
$1,000 on crayons and what is this $25
per cup of play-doh yeah but that's
because just plain always dry now if you
want the good stuff
fifty bucks per cup down there that's
only slightly drying out what these
prices are ridiculous no one's gonna pay
$50 for a cup of play-doh all of these
prices are way too expensive just look
at mr. Potato Head over there he's a
hundred and fifty dollars and his tongue
is 30 why was because his tongue gave me
strong just ask mrs. Potato Head there's
a reason they've been married for 50
years and what about Patrick he's 75
dollars look the look in his face says
that he knows how expensive he is $1 a
look on my face when you decline my
thousand dollar offer huh
that's lightsabers pretty cool though
yeah 100
yeah I'm not paying a hundred bucks for
a plastic lightsaber it whose
toothbrushes this oh that's mine it's
only slightly used what yeah I'm not
buying any of that what wait wait a
minute is that lego Darth Maul yep
hundred bucks oh my god I I really
really want that um we'll eat will you
take well you take five dollars for him
no come on well I was really hoping
you'd go down to five dollars
well aren't you hope in one hand and
pooping the other and see which one
fills out faster well what can I get for
$5.00 um what I can take one of these
crayons and break it into three pieces
and give you on two pieces yeah yeah
that I want that all right what color
you want blue all right
pick which piece you want sure but
they're all different sizes all right
well they picked a smallish piece of air
and complain about it all right fine I
guess I'll just take the drawing part
all right thank you for your business
sure come back soon
oh yeah I'm gonna come back hey jumpy
how's the yard sale going brain Danny my
shelves are up and my syndrome is down
Chevy look at these prices are
ridiculous what these are my toys Danny
I didn't want to show them so I just
marked them out of price that'd be
willing to let him go for me no one's
gonna big these prices watch this for my
hand daddy just didn't grow on trees
okay there's nothing here for five
dollars what they buy
well they bought one third of a crayon
daddy well you found a sucker then Jeffy
no one's gonna pay these prices and look
if you don't want to sell these toys
then sell stuff that you don't care
about oh okay no no sell stuff I don't
care about yeah do that sell stuff you
don't care about an insult at a cheap
price a cheap price to make quick money
all right
wouldn't Chevy where'd you get this
money from
daddy I've been getting cash taking
names I'm not taking names cuz I'm too
busy getting cabs
where'd you get all this money from
daddy asked me if I'm poor are you poor
straight in word damn talking no look at
all this paint with paper yeah I'm
talking paper like pee pee but with cash
daddy Oh Jeff you simply how'd you know
this money there's no way people pay
that much money for toys well I sold all
this stuff I didn't want daddy what
would you sell everything in the house
what yeah come take a look at these
sales dang Oh what change see Danny look
at all these shame
Jeffie I don't see any of your toys
missing what you sell my sold to count
what happened my couch for five bucks
yeah and this one for sale too if you
want to buy it
tell me you cannot sell our furniture
five bucks is way too cheap hard couch
and this table is $3 $4 for these chairs
Jeff you cannot sell our furniture is
that a cloud Chevy you cannot sell our
stuff
hey I found this iron in a closet how
much do you want for it um two bucks
oh okay no no that's her are now
banished Effie you're supposed to sell
your toys not my stuff well daddy you
told me to show the stuff I care about
and I didn't care about the couch I
found this razor how much do you want
for it um Bob Bob oh okay there you go
my razor jumping you can't get my stuff
get all these people out of my house no
customer needs me Herbert back what
what's the problem sure oh yeah I was
wondering is it four dollars for each
knife a foot a whole set oh it's for a
whole set okay Jeffy why the usual of
paper towels more expensive than I'll
couch supply-and-demand daddy
people need those paper towels it's kind
of a big coin yeah wants hot rich oh
you're selling everything way to cheat
the toast I like five dollars
it's a blender to the stove ten the
microwave three exactly why are you
selling this drawer for two dollars
nobody gotta buy a drawer I guess so one
for $2 what
Tyrel look I bought it drove for two
dollars Oh baby that's my joke give it
back no I paid for this
get your own draw don't let it lie hey
boss man boss man yeah what's up I think
I'm gonna get these knives real and I'm
gonna get this toaster - okay that'll be
9 bucks
Oh come down baby okay show me your
plate just keeps on
oh dang another customer is calling what
hi right my god are you scram go don't
[ __ ] to my customers like that oh yeah
hold on I don't be sure oh yeah how much
of these cheese balls Oh
two bucks can I get a free sample
what you know he's a homeless guy you
guys want a free sample you just gotta
steal it Danny we do not discriminate
you can have a free sample sir oh I
think you're showing a t-table boss are
you interested in sure well I saved up a
whole bunch of my toys family buddy and
y'all I want to buy a cool toy oh you
want to buy toys yeah yeah Jesse saw one
of your toys okay um which toy do you
want no no no there's so many oh my god
is it a bit man lightsaber it's a Power
Ranger toy I don't know there's so many
toys well we got [ __ ] see toys my
mommy doesn't let me play with his toys
well 200 bucks change yours okay you got
a deal something to sell your toys
doesn't it jumpy well you bought no
sugar strong rolling care about knows
you upstairs then fine gang come on
let's go home here's the deal
let me stop you right there the deals
are downstairs making us all this cash
Jeffy the only reason why you're selling
stuff because you're selling it
extremely cheap it's like they're
stealing it no dad you're buying it
because I'm a good salesman oh yeah I
didn't know y'all had it upstairs area
Oh what is toilet paper going for mom
for box oh I've got two dolls I want my
boat with two bucks how about three
dollars okay okay look here's that he
was gonna happen you either get me all
my stuff back I'll put you up for
adoption
Danny why'd you hang on your paper
chasin well what this boombox go
it plays music and it's not for sale I'm
[ __ ] but you're selling all my stuff get
all my stuff back by the end of the
night I grab putting up red dots and
never seeing you again
whose cell phone this is that's my cell
phone was going footballs man Oh Kim
bugs get all my stuff back right now
okay I'm selling it we're making clam
Lily I found these hotdogs in a
refrigerator yeah because of my food and
you're just taking stuff out of my
refrigerator you ain't gonna eat it what
is going footballs man six bucks
Singh says no it's kind of expensive but
I can do that wait what you can say this
remote no we need to promote to watch TV
I'm gonna show you how you like it okay
i'ma show you how you like it
whoo I'm a teacher lesson he told me a
poop in my hand and I did it but now I
did Darth Maul I'm gonna get a lot of
kids with these toys that's how he wants
to play excuse me everybody in the house
everything
well Jimmy we sold the house for a
dollar how does that feel well day at
least I still got my toy what
Jeffie that stupid toy is not worth
selling the house and everything in it
has a stupid totally jumpy but daddy I
can shoot malls
I guess you bought
we sold the health of our dollar for
that stupid toy wall dang you should
never send in word what did you just say
sold you can't sell this house why not
because you still owe me money on it you
cannot sell a house
are you still owe money on Oh we'll see
my son jumped me he wanted this toy so
he sold everything in the house in the
house and we were just selling
everything so we got out of hand you
know this toy yeah I'm that toy this toy
belongs to y'all yeah well not yea we
use the money from the house to buy it
oh not anymore this is my toy now what
what yeah cuz it's my toy and who did
you sell this house to oh my guy oh
you're so done Mario you are so done oh
oh you and everyone else in this house
get out but we bought this house for a
dollar I don't care if this house was
give it to you for free you're gonna get
are you if you ever try to sell your
house again you're getting a spanking
now where's your son because he needs a
spanking
[Music]