all right class you're about the bar of
Spring Break so that means two months of
no school cover cough cough going around
and we don't want to kids get sick some
of you may die but that is a sacrifice I
am rearing to make so you kid be careful
because there's no toilet paper and I
know you hey Mario I'm so excited to
tell Jeffy that we're taking him to
Disney World I know he didn't wanted to
go for years are we finally gonna take
him for spring break I wonder how his
day was today at school hey mommy
hey daddy I'm back from school hi Jeffy
how was your day well I got in a fight
but I won this booger do you know this
is a for like a thousand dollars that's
greedy Mario but baby I I could sell it
and we could pay for a whole trip come
on let's tell him about his surprise
okay Jeffy we have a surprise for you
where's mommy pregnant no did your
plumber project not him
sure what's your surprise the surprise
is I get nothing baby weird
Mario is Jeffy okay Jeffy we're going to
Disney World
Mickey Mouse Jeffy Jeffy Jeffy Jeffy he
has a heartbeat should we call a doctor
yeah let's call dr. Mario yeah let's
call a doctor hey there's somebody call
a doctor yes we did doctor see look we
told my son that we're going to Disney
World and he made that face and it's
been stuck like that so is he gonna be
okay oh yeah I've seen that face before
that's the face I made when I caught my
wife cheating on me I was like you know
not because she was cheating on me but
because I was surprised that another man
would actually be attracted to her so
it's Jeff he's really ugly at all it's
Jeffy yeah I've seen that face before I
was making that face and she was
cheating on me
it's jeopardise gonna keep bringing it
up because I mean you know you know
is Jeffy oh yeah you know she's ugly Oh
doctor is he gonna be okay or not well I
mean what I would wait is that hand
sanitizer oh yeah
dog I will buy that off you I will give
you $100 for that hand sanitizer $100 oh
yeah I got it right here look how about
how about $200 whoop 200 but it's half a
bottle I know but it's really valuable
it's rare to find okay I feel like I'm
getting ripped off but here you go oh
yeah $200 sorry yo you disgust me
I got two hundo baby Disneyworld you're
really gonna take me yeah we're gonna
take your Disney World Cup because
you're packing day you're the best guy
ever no that's so cute you know my kids
never say anything like that to me
all they ever say to me is where were
you when where's their child support and
you spend too much money on hand
sanitizer
you know lame stuff like that well
anyway do you mind if we watch some TV
I'm gonna put it on Impractical Jokers
breaking news okay for the first time
ever Disney World will be closing
tomorrow afternoon due to the cough
cough is making people sick so if you
had plans to go to Disney World
well that sucks for you what this is an
Impractical Jokers I'm gonna find
Impractical Jokers
Mario Disney World is closing tomorrow I
know when we already told Jesse he was
going well that sucks Impractical Jokers
isn't on today oh yeah it also sucks
about your kid he seemed really excited
to go so I don't know what you're gonna
tell him well you didn't seem that
excited so maybe he's not even that
happy to go hot dog guy I'm ready to go
in dig new world
I've even got the Mickey Mouse costume
on it's gonna be so sad when you tell
him he's gonna be heartbroken well uh
Jeffy mommy I thought to tell you Mario
um Jackie I think daddy has something to
tell you uh no I think mommy's have to
tell you and I'm like I say it Jeffy
daddy you know I cannot take you to
Disney World tomorrow so who's gonna
take me well I'll tell them all right
Jeffy look you can't go to Disney World
tomorrow because they're closing it
because everyone's sick so you're not
gonna be able to go for a long time
crying oh I mean look what they did say
that they're closing tomorrow afternoon
so we can still take him tomorrow
morning Marv you'll I do not want Jeffy
getting sick yeah you want to avoid
crowds of fifty people more that's how
you get sick you definitely want to stay
away from anybody that's sick oh oh oh
man sorry about that I just got back
from a huge crowd of 50 people or more
it was a big party and it confined space
we had a coughing fight but I lost hey
you mind if I licky couch okay how about
we take him to the park tomorrow and we
put on one of those hazmat suits you
know where no no germs can get on him
hey you mind if I lick your remote to do
you can get him a hazmat suit oh yes
mech suit I can do that yeah so do you
think it would be safe to take them to
Disney World in the house mat-su yeah
sure I don't see why not
I'll go get one but I'm gonna lick the
floor on the whole way over there okay
so this might work baby we would go to
Disney what he's in a hot mess you'll be
safe right I hope so
all right there's your hazmat suit as
long as you're wearing that you can't
get sick you hear that job you still get
to go to Disney World
she's a good psychic but ya know I can
still go to disney away yeah because
you're just like a banana you get to go
to Disney World
yeah you know I would recommend taking
along some hand sanitizer since you
gonna be touching all those rides
so I'll sell you some for 400 bucks oh
that's okay I have some Clorox wipes oh
I'm gonna wipe down everything hey hey
hey how much do you want for that No all
right maybe my kids are right I should
probably stop spending so much money on
sanitary supplies yeah well Jeff are you
ready to go to Disney World
yeah let's go let's go Mario I still
don't think it's such a good idea that
we go well why I don't want Jeffy
getting sick you see what he's wearing
you're not gonna get sick Mario I think
we should stay no we're going we already
doll this stuff we're going come on what
go away okay
[Applause]
[Music]
all right Jeffy we're here Disney World
Disney World you should be here we're
gonna get sick we're not gonna get sick
we what are they doing to the castle
they're wiping it down there's
sanitizing it so no one gets sick I
don't think Mickey Mouse paid his rent
so they're taking the castle down daddy
the Cinderella's coughs mom Mickey
Mouse's castle no daddy Mickey Mouse
lives there no Cinderella lives in there
no Jeffy where do you want to go what
ride you want to ride the horsey ride I
don't think it's a horsie right here
chubby Mario it's the carousel oh well I
don't carousel about riding that ride I
want a divorce
what baby all right Jeff be ready to
ride the horsey ride why I don't want
you to get sick Mario do you see what's
wearing better safe than sorry
all right let's ride the horsey ride
we're gonna ride it what why are you
down there now what you back up down cuz
the ride goes up and down why are you
down there because it goes up and down
what are you doing
enjoy the ride okay grab whichever one
you want
hey Danny I want the ones with the
Badoon Johnny then grab it you just said
you liked that one that didn't to the
correct all right so you get those rose
Elena did you find the ones you want
Jeff he loves those he doesn't like it
but he's wearing come on let's go all
right Jeffrey we have a surprise for you
all right
countdown W we have to go okay okay
carousel is filthy party daddy I want to
ride the bus ie ride all right let's go
alright Jeff you're on the teacup ride
daddy coffee where's the throw-up
I'm just making weird noises at the bush
daddy
come on and wipe it down okay she's the
bride you're getting your poop and your
go down the toilet but Shep you're I
don't up to ride that ride right for big
boys Mario sure he's old enough to go
down that rise above normal for the big
drops Mario
it's so so we're so scary you'd go down
like this big drop okay all right mommy
all right Jeff you were tried you were
too right now all right speech no no
right excuse me folks
unfortunately at this time dementia
Kingdom is closed and we're asking our
guests to make their way towards the
exit
Jeffie stop crying Jeffy it's closed you
know you can't ride Space Mountain it's
only for astronauts you're not an
astronaut we'll go sit in the bathtub
pretend you're on Splash Mountain again
Mario I hate seeing Jeffy sad well he
shouldn't be sad he got to go to
Disneyworld some kids never get to go to
Disneyworld and he got to go before it
closes for a long time what what's the
now do you hear that
Jeffy what are you doing Jeffy what are
you telling
[Music]