[Music]
come on elves two weeks to Christmas
Chop Chop I'll try it Santa I just can't
get these damn eyes off looking on
Santa Ora what are you beating on that
soccer ball with a hammer for I uh I
don't know what you see balls you're
supposed to lck them pepper you're still
a weird [ __ ] but I thank you thanks
Sarah all right break time's in 5
minutes but somebody's got to scoop the
reindeer [ __ ] can I do it Sarah mhm hey
how's it going well who are you I'm the
guy who purchased the North Pole after
you didn't pay your property taxes in
over 25 years well you know it's been a
little tough lately yeah I can imagine
when you're giving away toys for free
and you're giving coal away to kids
who've been bad that's a fuel source
this place makes no money it needs to be
shut down where's the Christmas spirit I
can't deposit a Christmas spirit into my
bank account that's why I need $100
million from you by tomorrow or else I'm
going to turn this place into a Walmart
or an amusement park and call it the
North Pole land and you can work the
cotton candy machine well what about if
I let Pepper take you out back he's
really good pepper daddy if I do it will
you love me Jesus [ __ ] Christ I need
$100 million from you by tomorrow or
else you're going to be working in the
Walgreens at the photo department
developing pictures of my ho as [ __ ]
$100 million where am I going to get
that kind of money I don't care pull it
out of your Holly Jolly ass doesn't
Coca-Cola pay you to be in all those
commercials well they pay me in coke uh
but I'm not talking about the stuff you
drink no wonder it's always snowing in
here listen I'll be back tomorrow to get
my $100 million but I'm bringing
bulldozers to turn this place into a
Walmart sah are we going to be homeless
I don't want to leave the North Pole
what are we going to do Santa yeah Santa
what are we going to do yeah Santa what
are we going to do everybody calm down
now Santa will figure it out Santa
always figures it
out I am so
[ __ ] oh theing
pigs yeah wait Santa yeah ho ho ho and
all that kind of stuff I'm sorry Santa
it's just this car matched the
description of a car used in a robbery a
robbery yeah somebody stole some money
and their car looked like this one don't
I know it couldn't have been you no no
wasn't me wasn't me well sorry for the
trouble Santa just be on your way all
right oh that gives me an idea maybe I
can rob a bank to get the money to save
the North Pole yeah that's
it hey myips you got any dollars b a
hundred of them no I don't got any
dollars or a hundred of them but I need
some money well I don't have any oo I
have $100 oh that quickly got that money
give it back to her she's not giving you
any money my B you so mean and
controlling well no I'm not she's not
going to give you any money cuz you
don't need any money I do need some
money what do you need it for Christmas
presents what Christmas presents are you
going to buy I'm not going to buy any I
want that as my equipment presence see
you see doesn't even need it so no
you're not getting any money who's at
the door just stay right here well now
that my bips is gone you still want to
give me the $100 no Marvin said no if my
told you to Li a doctor you be do it no
items hello hey there what Santa Claus
yeah I'm looking for a douge you got a
douge here uh yeah there's a douge
upstairs are you here to tell me he's a
piece of [ __ ] douge come down here what
you want myips Santa Claus what you
doing here Santa clops you came to tell
me I was on a nice lips and to give me
$100 well no actually you're on the
naughty list and that's why I need your
help what I why am I on a naughty list I
do so much for my friends and for the
community and I even help my cousin
doooo ass cuz he ain't know how to wipe
his ass so good well I need your help
robbing a bank but I can help you rob
the banks but if I do that then I'm
definitely going to be on the naughty
lips well if you help Santa I can get
you on the nice list okay okay I can do
that but Santa why do you need to rob a
bank well you see the North Pole hasn't
been doing that well lately and I'm a
little behind on the rent well how much
is your rent maybe I can cover it you
know $100 million $100 million is it
Goodman who wants your rent yeah oh my
God he's an [ __ ] if anyone's going to
help you rob a bank definitely not douge
he'll get you caught oh come on mobip
it's okay Santa Claus I could definitely
help you rob the bank because all you
need to do is just look a little bit
more scarier than that and I can help
you so come with me and I'll shows you
all right Santa Claus we got to get you
ready to go robs and Banks But first you
got to cover up your identity so pull
that mask up all right is that better oh
Santa Claus where you at I can't find
you no more excuse me sir have you seen
clops well I'm right here see I ain't
recognize you because you done concealed
your identity see right here you got to
grab this G and we going to practice
robing a bank so say give me all that
money give me all that money you said it
in the form of a question you're
supposed to yell at the top of your
lungs give me all that money give me all
that money all that money give me all
that money [ __ ] give me all that money
[ __ ] now out a [ __ ] I think we
got it give me all that money [ __ ]
motherucker that's right Santa CLA now
let's go rob the
bank all right Santa Claus this going to
be your test robbery and to see if you
ready to rob a bank so what you going to
do is you going to go inside that gas
station pull out your blicky and say run
them pop Pips all right okay and if you
can do that that means you ready to rob
a bank and remember you got to say it
with your chest okay say run them pops
all right let's go run them pops that's
right thank you for choosing the gas
station what can I do for for you oh hey
Santa Claus what can I do for you I'm
not Santa Claus oh I get it you're in
Disguise but what can I do for
you give me that [ __ ] mother what what
are you talking about Santo [ __ ] I'll
pop a cap in your ass give me the [ __ ]
but what do you want I don't know what
you're talking about F your H ass full
of holes oh I don't want to be full of
holes what do you want that G please
tell me give me the [ __ ] money
[ __ ] Okay you could have said
please please
give me the money okay here $60 is all I
have
$60 that's it [ __ ] mother please I'll
be back I don't know why you're going to
be so mean Santa Claus I'll be back
mother okay so did you rob him Santa
plops [ __ ] what does that look like Oh
Santa blops don't Rob the gas stations
that means you ready to rob the bank so
let's go run that [ __ ] so you're telling
me Santa Claus came in here waving a gun
around yelling cuss words and stole $60
yeah he got mad at me and he called me a
mother several times and a [ __ ] I don't
know that doesn't sound like Santa but
it was him look I even have security
footage right here yeah you're right
that does look like Santa but still a
lot of people dress up like Santa around
this time of year and steal stuff so
that doesn't mean it's him well I know
it's Santa Claus I heard his voice I
know what Santa Claus sounds like okay
I'll be sure to ask santa next time I
see him
okay next hey I'd like to apply for a
loan sir no up here at the window oh
sorry nice panties by the way I'd like
to apply for a loan sir I told you last
time you were here we do not give out
loans to adopt children well that's not
what I want this time this time I just
need a loan for a new kidnapper van and
also a can of spray paint so I can write
free candy on the side no I'm sorry sir
but your credit score is just too low H
rats what about a loan for some blow
money no meth no all I needs 20 bucks no
well how about $10 get out of here
you're mean no
next how may I help you gentlemen today
we're here to [ __ ] [ __ ] up that's right
run them pops do it now ho ho ho no
please please I don't have any money up
here it's all the safe well it open up
the safy the bank don't care about you
don't die over this open up the sa
will look I'm sorry I'm trying to get
some money to save the North Pole but
I'm not Santa get in away [ __ ] yeah
hurry up and do it don't die and also
don't hit no silent in alarms or else
you won't be silent dying okay the
safe's open all right Santa let's get
this
[Music]
money got it it's open all right we go
in then get all the money stand clops
I'll stay watch oh my God there's so
much money in here we'll grab all you
can we're rich oh I'll take that here
you go take that all right you got some
more money on the ground you get that
real quick okay I got
it hey what are you doing sorry Santa
Claus I need the money way more than you
do [ __ ] [ __ ] get over there
[ __ ] please hey I got a call about a
bank robbery yes there were two robbers
one of them got away but the other one
got trapped in there well hey at least
we caught one of them and I love this
cuz I get to make fun of them all right
come on out you doofus wait Santa Claus
yeah mother [ __ ] please oh so that was
you at the gas station no it wasn't me
oh okay well I guess that was somebody
else dressed up like Santa but still I
have to arrest you for trying to rob
this bank but we're trying to save the
North Pole we need the money I'm sorry
SNY but you could have done it some
other way put your hand behind your back
you're under
arrest ho ho ho I am the Holly Jolly
judge poer and today we will be hearing
the case of Santa Claus well Mr St
Nicholas you are being accused of trying
to rob a bank why sander why would you
try to rob a bank well you see judge I
didn't have any money to build toys for
the kids so I was trying to steal some
money to fund the North Pole that's very
very sad Santa do you know what else is
sad when I got this big ass lump of coal
in my stocking last year you got that
coal because your ass was naughty well
let me show you how naughty I can be I
sentence you to 30 years in prison hands
behind your back Santa you little [ __ ]
bye-bye to all right in you go Santa hey
Hey listen guys if you guys let me out
of here I'll give you a Mr Potato Head
all no no Simmons we can't do that well
what about a Care Bear what about a Care
Bear mik no no no we can't all right my
final offer I got this elf named Pepper
like a vacuum take y out back trust me
he's good no that's fine my floors are
dirad no come on S let's go hey hey hey
one one last thing yeah uh could I get a
little candy cane I'm a little hungry I
didn't eat before I got here uh yeah
okay
here trying to whittle this down like a
key dear
God somebody pinch me cuz if I [ __ ]
dreaming did Jesus bestow this freaky
ass fat ass sent upon me don't get any
wise ideas or I'm going to stick this
down your piss hole all right all right
freaky Santa I don't want nothing in my
piss hole all right come on let's get
out of here
all right let me see if I can try to
find this hole Yeah be careful it's a
pretty tiny hole that's all right I'm
using the tip search for it oh God these
inmates are so disgusting damn you ain't
find the hole yet no there's too much
black in the way look he shoving it in
and you'll find a hole of bit come on
here why don't you suck on it to make it
go in right you this is nasty it should
work now it should slide it easy oh
there it is yeah it's in the hole it's
in come in it's in a hole stand Us in
that [ __ ] hole Yeah okay I am walking
away yeah oh yeah got it we eating ass
tonight oh my bibs look at all the
dops iby had you and Santa actually
robed the bank no I robbed a bank Santa
Claus got caught Santa Claus got caught
P Santa but you guys ain't looking at
the big pip hiips pip hiips oh those
poor kids on Christmas Day won't have
Christmas presents to open but they can
watch me buy some stuff no douge listen
since Santa Claus is arrested on
Christmas morning kids aren't going to
have toys okay fine well here go $100
for
Goodwill that's it okay well fine you go
another $100 for toys for Tops you're
going to give $200 out of the millions
you just stole oh I guess you're right
yeah I did you sto it on the grass I'll
put that back in my steps oh listen
ducky you got to do something Santa
Claus can't just sit in jail and kids
can't just not get presents for
Christmas tell Kitty said the kitty but
the milk's still good
what there's someone at the door it
better not be the cops hello where is
that F ass [ __ ] douge at um he's
upstairs douge come downstairs and bring
the money what you want M BBS and why
you tell me to bring the money for some
girl SC cookies oh hey Santa Claus what
you doing I thought you got rest dips I
did oh well there's some bail money and
here's some money for some commissary so
you can get you some debit cakes Dougie
you left me there well see that ain't
what happened Sam CLS that's some fake
news see what had happened was is I was
holding his money and he was getting so
really heavy so I thought I go ahead and
takes it to the car and I turns around
and the vault door closed and I couldn't
get some op so I got to the car and then
the PPO showed up so I had to drive off
so I ain't get CS NE well I don't
remember it like that douge yeah because
that's because you Santa Claus right and
so you always thinking about toys and
[ __ ] listen douge just give them half
the money since he did half the work but
I don't want to give him half the money
douge if you don't give him half the
money he's going to put you on the L
forever fine Santa Claus you can only
take half though okay all right let me
take it to the car and count it okay all
right hurries
UPS my [ __ ] you know this some [ __ ]
right what yeah because because I got
some monies it's my money my bibs he
just wants half to pay for the North
Pole he taking a long time my bibs mys
you think he's taking All the Monies I
don't think he'd do that yeah cuz then
he'd have to put him himself on the
naughty lips
[Music]