okay my gingerbread men are done Junior
and your stupid friends come downstairs
and make the gingerbread house oh man
guys I can't wait to make a house for
the gingerbread men I don't like that we
call them gingerbread men I think we
should call them gingerbread they thems
dude don't be political it's Christmas
if we're going to do this make Santa
Claus black my pronouns are she them let
me she them titties all right everyone
grab a gingerbread man to make a house
for I want the one furthest away from me
well then grab
it you're not supposed to bite it head
off
oh my God you killed him you
murderer murderer I didn't murder
anybody I just ate a cookie Jeffy you're
not supposed to eat gingerbread men
they're real people well I didn't know
that hey there I got a call from a
gingerbread man saying one of them was
murdered oh my God he's missing his head
it's so barbaric put your hands behind
your back you're under arrest I didn't
do
anything order order order order order
order order I am the honorable Judge Po
and today we will be hearing the case of
Jeffy who is being accused of eating a
gingerbread man it says here you
beheaded him with your teeth you are a
monster what do you have to say for
yourself I just ate the gingerbread man
I didn't know it was illegal you didn't
know cannibalism was illegal it's a
[ __ ] cookie it is not a cookie it is
a man a gingerbread man you're not
supposed to eat eat gingerbread men
you're supposed to build them a nice
little house and let them live happily
ever after everybody knows this we will
now hear from a gingerbread man who
witnessed this awful crime tell me sir
what happened okay I'll tell you do you
know the muffin man the muffin man the
muffin man yes I know the muffin man the
one who lives on jur Lane well she's
married to the Muffin Man The Muffin Man
the muffin man she's married to the
muffin man what does this have to do
with the case tell me what happened to
your brother eat me no no spitting in my
courtroom just tell me what happened he
be his head off I've heard enough Jeffy
this is not the first time I've seen you
in my courtroom you are a repeat
offender and you need to learn how to be
a good person so I sentence you to be an
elf in Santa's workshop for one day an
elf hey Daddy I got arrested again Jeffy
how many times are you going to get
arrested in your life 17 officer what do
you do this time his worst crime yet he
bit the head off a gingerbread man Jeffy
how could you how is that a crime well
gingerbread men are real people they
have rights don't you remember in the
Constitution when they passed it to give
the gingerbread men rights they still
can't compete in the Olympics though
they run too fast you know run run as
fast as they can you can't catch them
they're the gingerbread men that does
not make any sense cookies don't deserve
rights wa okay I didn't know we were
living in in the 1800s over here Marvin
I didn't know you were foodist yeah I
bet you still eat Teddy grams even
though they're endangered you're only
supposed to eat them during Teddy Graham
season so jeffy's going to jail oh no
he's going somewhere much worse than
jail he's going to go be an elf up in
Santa's Workshop all the way up in the
North Pole yeah we got to hop on like a
36- hour flight up there with a layover
in Charlotte God I hate the Charlotte
Airport my flight always gets canceled
and I get put on standby and then I get
seated next to some fat sack of [ __ ]
with a breathing problem like like what
you didn't bring your cat machine and
they don't even have screens on the back
of the seats anymore no you got to watch
the movie on your phone but the Wi-Fi
sucks dick so the movie won't load and
the only movie they have is Meet Dave
got him so tired of Meet Dave I've met
Dave I did not like Dave I am not a fan
of Dave I'm sorry I'm just rambling come
on Jeffy we got to go wait does anybody
have a neck pillow no okay I guess I'll
just suffer from spinal menitis come on
Jeffy all right kid welcome to Santa's
workshop I'll be back to pick you up in
a day but if I find out you've been
naughty you're going straight to prison
okay hey there dude I'm the head Elfa
around here what's your name Twinkle
Toes hey Twinkle Toes my name is pepper
and her name is mint hi and that's orta
hello and she's mint and my name is
pepper and over there is roie all of our
names add up to a word you get it yes
okay so we make all the toys for all the
good little boys and girls which is
really ironic because I'm not allowed
within a th000 ft of a playground I'm a
registered one of these but that's okay
cuz this is pretty cool he comes with a
whole bunch of accessories they should
just put me in the Box hey Pepper we're
all out of the Mr Potato Head pieces all
we have are the Mrs Potato Head pieces
[ __ ] it just put it in the Box Christmas
is in a few weeks just make sure Santa
doesn't find out so what toys do I make
well your first job is to figure out
where the hell the incredible hul's head
is we lost it a few weeks ago and we
can't give it away looking like
this how's it going oh no Santa's drunk
again we only have two weeks until
Christmas so who are we on schedule uh
we're a little behind Santa oh that's
okay I I don't care as long as the
product looks good let's check out this
Mr Potato Head please
don't the [ __ ] is this it's a Mrs Potato
Head in the Mr Potato Head box oh wow B
very creative way to use your brain you
know what let me see yours holy shitty
Shadow that's right Santa's crazy and
Santa will blow out every single one of
your brains if the next time I come here
to check there's not Mr Potato Head pots
in the Mr Potato Head box and I swear to
God if someone doesn't find the to The
Incredible Hulk Santa it's going to lose
it now Santa is going to go take a
really big stinky dump and when he gets
back one of his LS is going to suck his
candy cane yep well I me Good Luck boys
you got this one pepper I went crazy on
it yesterday oh man I did it all last
week well newbie looks like you're
sucking sad as candy cane it's just a
candy cane it can't be yeah bad uh sex
stick oh hell no we got to get out of
here we can't this place is locked down
tighter than the Pentagon well there's
got to be some way to leave the only way
out is s is back but he'll know if you
touch it and he'll kill you all right
well if we can get out here and make it
to my house you guys will be safe really
yes okay I'll show you Santa's bag okay
there's Santa's bag if you get in it'll
take you anywhere you want to go that's
how he deliv present so fast all right
well let's get out of here we should get
in one at a time we don't want to get in
all at once and F together hey get away
from my bag you will get back over here
somebody's going to suck it oh no
Santa's coming quick Twinkle Toes get in
the B oh no it's not working oh I forgot
it runs on Christmas spirit everybody
start singing no there's not enough time
I'll stall Santa I'll go crazy on it Ora
no remember me forever pepper he's so
brave okay we wish you merry Christmas
we wish you a Merry Christmas looks like
it's my turn K me I hope jeffy's making
a bunch of toys for all the good boys
and girls out there Jeffy where did you
come from the North Pole aren't you
supposed to be working there in Santa's
Workshop yeah but Santa Claus was going
to make me suck his candy cane or he was
going to shoot me in the head what oh
that's not really Santa that's his evil
brother cringle he just makes us call
him Santa so where's the real Santa oh
he's on vacation at the Bahamas he only
back to the North Pole on Christmas Eve
to deliver presents cringle runs the
North Pole the rest of the time and he
does terrible things to us so what's
your name my name is pepper and if my
friends were here it would be hilarious
but I'm pretty sure they're all dead
except for maybe Ora if I know him he's
going crazy on it well you're safe here
cringle will never find you oh no he'll
find me he's got a Tracker in my ass I'm
his best elf he should be here any
minute oh oh no that must be him please
don't let him get me oh yeah and since
I'm in your house I have to inform you
that I'm a registered Predator but only
for being on the side of a school during
school hours on a care okay I'm going to
go answer the door don't worry about
anything hello what Goodman hey Marvin
sorry I thought you were going to be
Santa Claus I I'm not Santa Claus but I
have a big sack and I sure ho ho hope
you have your house payment oh no I
don't have my house payment I mean it's
the holidays can you give me this month
off no because I have six side [ __ ] I
have to buy presents for so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to come in your
house and if I see one single Christmas
present I'm taking it because if you
have money for presents you have money
to pay your bills what now where are
those presents at Daddy what the [ __ ]
why is pepper here you know pepper yeah
he's my 23-year-old degenerate son that
I disown because he decided to ruin his
life by getting arrested for peeing on a
school on a kid it was an accident you
just didn't see the kid or it splashed
so he's your son not anymore I disowned
him can I come home no go back to the
north Po and make toys or some [ __ ]
Marvin why' you invite me over here I
didn't you came from my house payment
well you don't owe me one you can just
keep pepper I don't want to keep pepper
well I'm leaving no Daddy don't call me
that you creepy [ __ ]
a you Peppa I know you're here somewhere
oh no he found me there you are Peppa
you're coming home with me somebody hide
me if any of you interfer will blow all
your brains out you take them okay no I
got a big old candy can waiting for you
at home Peppa oh
okay no one feels bad about not helping
him right no hold on my phone's ringing
hello hey Marvin I just want to let you
know I'm on my way to the North Pole to
get your son but I got stuck in
Charlotte again and my flight got
canceled godamn it
[Music]
m