[Music]
hey donny i got my report card are there
any f's on your report card um no
are you lying no there's no f showing
because jeffy if there's a single f on
that report card we're not taking you to
disney world all right well check this
out boom not a single f on this report
card all these daddy it stands for
disneyland disneyland disneyland
disneyland disneyland disneyland jeffy
all these is not good yeah but it's
still passing marvin there are no fs on
his report card but ds are bad ds are
passing and deeds are my nuts in your
mouth ugh how old are you what old
enough to have my nuts in your mouth
good morning daddy jeffy look i guess
that there's no f's we'll still take you
to disney world oh really i'm gonna go
pack my stuff right now but you have to
get better grades next time marvin i
don't think we have enough money for all
three of us to go oh you're right we're
really poor right now i think we could
buy two tickets okay i think you and
jeffy should go so you can have a
father-son trip
i guess you're right me and jeffy
haven't spent a lot of time together
i'll go buy two tickets at disney world
okay all right baby i got me and jeffy
two tickets to disney world oh you and
jeffy are gonna have so much fun yeah i
hope so jeffy are you ready to go yeah
dang sure am jeffy what is that oh it's
tow mater without the tub no not tow
mater you got mask what are you wearing
oh it's the piglet mask i found in your
closure
where did you get that i've never seen
that mask before in my life jeffy take
the piglet mask off no i want to wear it
in disneyland on on the run you can't
wear that on the rides in disneyland you
got to take it off by going show windy
pooh he's best friend pick one he
already knows his best friend piglet you
gotta take that mask off right now no
damn i want to wear your piglet mask
take it off jeffy look you can you can
take tomato you just can't take the mask
oh okay daddy oink oink
so marvin are we going to talk about the
piggy mask we're not going to talk about
the piggy mask okay all right daddy i'm
ready going disneyland all right jeffy
grab your ticket at disney world and
let's go what grab your ticket at disney
world disney world i didn't want to go
to disney world i wanted to go to
disneyland
jeffy disneyland and disney world are
the same thing no you're not i've
already been to disney world and now i
want to go to disneyland jeffy they're
basically the same place uh no you're
not because disney world is the world of
disney and disneyland is the land of
disney and i've never been to disneyland
so that's where i want to go jeffy if
you've been to disney world there's no
reason to ever go to disneyland disney
world is bigger it has epcot and
hollywood studios and everything i don't
care i've already been at disney world
and i want to go to disneyland jeffy
disneyland is all the way on the other
side of the country in california we
live in florida disney world is in
florida so we need to go to disney world
i don't care how far disneyland is i
want to go there because i've never been
there jeffy i already bought tickets to
disney world these tickets only work at
disney world so we're going to disney
world wait let me see let me see let me
look real quick they're only good at
disney we already read it well right
here it says that it's good for
disneyland or disney it doesn't say that
yeah it's right here it does not say
that
it does not say that oh
you want me to lie and say that the
tickets are for disney world not
disneyland
i've already heard you you just don't
want to take me to disneyland because
you think i'm ugly
you're precious
disney world doesn't think you're ugly
disneyland thinks you're ugly so we
don't want to go to disneyland
if you don't take me to disneyland i'm
going to get all up to my report card
and wear the piggy master school every
day oh no no no no no no no okay
okay we'll go to disneyland we're gonna
go to disneyland okay okay i'm gonna buy
plane tickets god we have to fly to
california i'm afraid of flying baby can
you just go with them oh no marvin i
have a bunch of appointments
okay
okay i'm gonna buy the plane tickets
let's just go to the airport jeffrey
we're going to disneyland yay
[Music]
hey donny
hey danny
hey danny what jeffy what do you want
good come good god dwindling no i'm not
going to go out the window i'm afraid of
heights
hey make your work doing jeffy leave the
passengers alone oh you have peanuts can
i show me your peanuts no
oh man daddy can you give me some
peanuts the guy behind you said i had to
get my own i'll ask the flight hitter
just shut up jeffy because if i could
get some peanuts right now that would be
the ball jeffy you cannot say that whoa
can't say bomb excuse me sir uh yes i
got a complaint from another passenger
that said that you were threatening the
plane with a bomb what no no no no my
son said mom and i told him not to say
bomb see you just said it again no no i
was just saying what i'm saying see now
you're saying it so much i'm thinking
maybe you got one up your butt and you
want to use it no hey sir i'm going to
have to ask you to calm down i am calm i
just don't like planes oh you don't like
planes so you want to get rid of it no
no no no no i don't like flying you
don't like flying so you want to force
the plane down
no no no no no you're being ridiculous
sir if you don't calm down i'm gonna
have to strap you to the seat i am calm
all right that was pretty rowdy i'm
gonna have to stretch this off
this is ridiculous all right sir when we
land we're gonna untie you and we're
gonna give you a cavity search this is
so stupid danny how did you get an extra
seat belt jeffy i'll kill you i'll kill
you come over here i'll kill you
[Music]
breaking news okay a plane was forced to
make an emergency landing after a man
threatened the plane with a bomb marvin
oh my god sit down there you marvin what
is going on well jeffy headline i'll
tell you what's going on your husband
threatened to playing with a bomb did
you stop the damage get it out jeffy
wanted peanuts on the airplane and jeffy
said if he got peanuts it would be the
bomb and i said jeffy don't say bomb and
then he heard me say bomb and then he
stuck his hand up my butt looking for a
bomb see officer it was just a mistake
no no nobody says bomb on a plane unless
they have one what if the person's
flying to bombay what did you just say
get down let me check your butt again i
don't have a bomb in my butt that's
exactly what somebody with a bomb would
say officer what is going to happen well
your husband's on a no-fly list which
means he can never fly on a plane ever
again well i'm afraid of flying so i
don't care so are we still going to
disneyland oh we're not going to
disneyland after this
[Applause]
i hate crying people like whenever i
arrest somebody and they're like that's
not mine you just planted that in my car
i saw you and it's like i had to plant
it there because i had to meet my arrest
quoted jeez
anyway now i don't want to see you on a
plane ever again buddy you hear that
little man stop stop poking me
don't boot my nose
ugh
so how are we gonna get to disneyland
look jeffy look we we can just drive
disneyland but it's gonna take like
three days so we'll leave tomorrow okay
good all right
i'm hungry can you take me somewhere
nice baby i just got put on a no-fly
list do you think i want to go to a
restaurant come on somewhere nice i can
see if we can get a reservation to
harryhausen's hairy houses but it's
impossible to get a reservation
not for googly bear let's go baby okay
can i come haha please please please
what no you're not gonna go with us you
never take me anywhere you're a dumb
friend
marvin how did you get us a reservation
at harry houses i didn't we're just
sitting at a random table marvin what if
they kick us out baby they're not gonna
kick us out we're already sitting here
excuse me but unfortunately
we are closing in five minutes
oh no baby don't worry look we already
know what we want can we just order
what can i get you baby hurry up and
look at the menu okay let me see
oh marvin i can't see it from here just
order uh sushi and chocolate cake okay
uh do you guys have sushi
we are now closing in four minutes oh no
no no i know we want uh can we get the
the dynamite roll okay and then can i
get the
the chocolate cake chocolate cake sir
yeah yeah it's right here i don't
believe we have a chocolate cake on the
menu well yes yes you do it it's right
here it says chocolate cake read it oh
you must be referring to the chocolate
smothered calamari no no no that's up
here we're talking about the chocolate
cake under desserts
i'm sorry sir i'm afraid i don't have my
reading glasses you'll have to read it
for me it says chocolate don't you know
the menu no i'm sorry we changed the
menu every day marvin just ordered the
chocolate cake okay
can i please get the the chocolate bomb
cake boom bomb this man claims to have a
bomb evacuate the bill no guy with a
chocolate bomb cake freeze you're under
arrest wait it's you again now you're
threatening a restaurant with a bomb
officer it's just a misunderstanding
yeah i was just trying to order food off
the menu little it says chocolate bomb
cake cc right there yeah but the waiter
said you also tried to order the
dynamite roll why are you only ordering
explosive menu items
she wanted sushi and the only sushi was
the dynamite roll and she wanted
chocolate cake and the only chocolate
cake was a chocolate bomb cake i was
just trying to order the cake but
earlier you threatened a plane with a
bomb so why did you think you should be
ordering explosive menu items you could
have ordered literally anything else on
the menu like the like the lady
baltimore cake whatever the hell that is
or the buttercorn pudding huh why not
that or the oh my god look at these
prices jesus christ i should be
arresting the owners for robbery oh my
god wait special shrimp
oh hold on scoot over i mean i'm gonna
arrest you but i mean a man's gotta eat
i'm hungry what's in the special shrimp
stir-fry waiter i need a waiter excuse
me
can an officer get some goddamn service
over here you know protect and serve
wait a minute oh yeah that's right they
evacuated the building because of the
bomb the bomb that's right you're under
arrest now bend over so i can check your
boy
all right that's it you're not allowed
outside anymore you're under house
arrest house arrest why because you
won't stop talking about bombs you
already threatened a restaurant and a
plane i can't trust you this whole
thing's a misunderstanding and i'm
getting real tired of sticking my hand
up your butt i'm gonna have to start
wearing gloves because i'm getting tired
of cleaning my fingernails
i was just trying to order food at the
restaurant it's called chocolate bomb
key that's what it was called i mean
those itches
oh god your house stinks
wait wait wait a minute it's not your
house it's your ass
ew
wash your hands wash your ass what's
gross no don't wipe out me why it's your
stink it's your ass you can stop it oh
this whole thing was a misunderstanding
what can i do to stop all this well if
you could get a witness that could
testify that you weren't really talking
about a bomb then i guess i could let
you go well my son jeffy he knows this
whole thing started over peanuts he
knows i wasn't talking about bombs okay
well if you can get him to tell me you
weren't talking about bombs and i'll
leave you alone okay let me go get my
son no no no no i can't leave you alone
with him you might threaten him to make
him say that you're gonna have to bring
him here okay baby can you send jeffy a
text what do you want me to do send a
text send x like the explosive no no i
said send a text i heard semtex can you
send a text message to jeffy and tell
him to come here okay
you're crazy like you're going crazy no
i think you're crazy so i'm gonna give
you a psychological test okay now how
many fingers am i holding up not my
thumb not your thumb yeah how many
fingers do you see i see four c4 like
the bomb i'm gonna check your body
oh god
ew oh man would you like not wipe what's
going on i don't expect someone to give
me a cavity search i'm not prepared so
you're just sitting like that doesn't it
itch
oh hey jeffy tell the officer no no no
let me ask him i don't want you like
stringing him along or something okay
jeffy i have a few questions for you so
like do you guys not own toilet paper
what's going on here what do i ask about
the peanuts the bombs right okay so
jeffy now has your father ever said
anything about hating planes yeah oh
really i don't like planes i'm afraid of
blind
now jeffy do you think your father would
like it if all the planes just exploded
yeah oh really i i don't like planes
like i don't like flying now jeffy does
your father have a lot of gasoline
somewhere yeah in his car oh really all
cars have gas in them then why don't you
get a tesla because because they're
expensive oh really
all right jeffy i have one more question
for you now is this whole thing actually
just about you wanting peanuts yeah
cause i wanted peanuts and i asked my
dad for some and i said if i got some
peanuts it would be the bomb oh
the bomb like a good thing yeah yes it's
like a good thing like like oh those are
the bombs oh well don't i feel silly
well yeah there's a big misunderstanding
so you understand it now yeah okay yeah
i know i understand you're free to go
offline wait a minute unless he's in on
it and you actually do have something up
your butt that i didn't find the first
three times no there's nothing on my
butt okay i'll make you a deal let me
search your butt one more time and if i
don't find anything other than
dingleberries
you're free to go
no there's nothing on my butt marvin
don't you want this to be over yeah your
ass is on the line
okay fine do it one more time yes
all right i didn't find anything so
you're free to go and i went up to the
elbow this time thank god it's over dude
when are we leaving for disneyland daddy
we're not going to disneyland
guess what simmons you owe me 100 bucks
no i might yep that's right you bet me
that i couldn't get the same guy to let
me give him a cavity search four times
in one day and i did it so smell it and
weep
oh god here take your hundred leaves
[Music]