hey Junior oh hey penel you ready for
our movie night I was thinking we could
watch a straight to Netflix Adam Sandler
movie no Junior actually I came over to
see what you wanted for Christmas this
year what do I want for Christmas it's
November ask me again in December well I
know what I want for Christmas this year
ooh tell Santa Claus you can get a head
start well you see Junior what I want
for Christmas is actually happening
tonight what's happening tonight Tea
Party Live Junior it's the biggest tea
party ever and I have to go you want to
go to a tea party yes Junior see I
already asked my dad but he said no I
have to wait till Christmas he doesn't
understand that it's happening tonight
well how you going to get tickets well I
was hoping you would get me tickets
Junior you wouldn't have to get me
anything for Christmas well how much are
the tickets they're $20 Junior so for
both of us to go it's only4 bucks I
don't have $40 yes you do junior it's
right over there okay but that's my
lunch money for the rest of the month
you'll be okay Junior just eat school
lunch I'm not going to eat with that
lunch lady makes like slop but Junior
please I have to go and I promise you
don't have to get me anything for
Christmas well if I just hand you $40
it'll feel so weird well I'll tell you
what Junior I'll come back in an hour
and you can get the tickets and you can
wrap them up in a box and I'll pretend
to act surprise thank you so much Junior
bye well I didn't say
yes God I guess I'm going have to eat
school lunch for the rest of the month
let me go online and buy these
tickets hello hey there I got your two
tickets to Tea Party Live oh are you the
Ticket Master I sure am and I'm also the
seat geek cuz it's all basically the the
same [ __ ] I got to say kid you're really
lucky these are the last two tickets
wait last two tickets yes the last two
on Earth they're completely sold out
these must be for someone really special
oh it's for my girlfriend for Christmas
well don't wait till Christmas to give
them to her cuz it's tonight oh no I
know she she told me okay good just make
it sure here you go here's the 40 okay
thank
you it is tonight okay okay good cuz
those are the last two tickets you've
said that there are no more tickets and
you can't resell them I'll no cuz I'm
the Ticket Master all right I I I'll
make sure to give him to her and there's
no no other tickets good it's tonight
stupid dumb gift hey Junior I'm back oh
my God what is this this is just such a
huge present Junior who did you get a
gift for it's your Christmas gift what a
Christmas gift for me but Junior it's
only November and I didn't even ask for
anything yet yeah well you shouldn't
leave my Christmas present laying around
Junior like what if I was a peer like
what if I were to just take a peek like
you should put it under the Christmas
tree Junior I don't have a Christmas
tree cuz it's November well you should
still hide my present better Junior like
what if I were to just open it right now
like could I open it right now like
could I do that yeah you can open it
right now cuz it's for you today oh my
God today but Junior don't you want me
to wait till Christmas you know you
can't wait till Christmas you know you
have to open it right now oh I wonder
what it could possibly be junior I
literally have no idea like like could
it be a purse or shoes or what if
there's a cat in there junior did you
get me a cat you know what the [ __ ] it
is open it you know what you ask for
well if you're sure Junior if you
absolutely insist that I open it up like
I will definitely take a peek what is in
here oh my God Junior no no you didn't
Junior no please tell me you didn't do
it like shut up shut the front door
Junior you did not
like understand why why how could you do
this wait did I get the wrong ticket oh
my God you got me two tickets to Tea
Party live so I got the right ticket how
did you know Junior how did you know
that's what I wanted more than anything
this year for Christmas except I needed
it today because the concert's tonight
CU you asked for it oh my God Junior I
can't wait for us to go you're going to
go with me please say that you're going
to go well you see you know how the only
thing you wanted for Christmas were
these tickets uh-huh well the only thing
I want for Christmas is to not go what I
don't want to go to Tea Party Live I'd
rather stay home and sit on the couch
and you take someone else but Junior how
do you not want to go to Tea Party live
because I don't like tea I really don't
like tea I think tea is gross and I'd
rather just sit on the couch and you go
with someone else oh well okay Junior if
you're sure well I I'm just so grateful
thank you so much for getting me these
tickets I'll find someone to go with me
hey jenor oh hey Cody you ready to
measure and see who's bigger yeah I
think you could say I'm ready although I
have to warn you the peen monster
visited and snuck daddy a few extra
centimeters this year what he did oh
yeah he sure did Cody oh my god do you
want to go to Tea Party live with me
holy [ __ ] [ __ ] of course I want to go
to Tea Party Live Junior doesn't want to
go Junior what's wrong with you you
don't want to go to Tea Party Live no I
don't want to go to Tea Party Live Tea
Party Live sounds gay no it's not gay at
all it's awesome Cody do you want to
come over over my house and we'll get
ready together and we can both wear
dresses Okay but real quick Junior are
you sure it's okay if I go I would
rather do anything else in the world
than go to Tea Party Live I'd rather I'd
rather tap dance with my shoes off on
broken glass okay so when I'm there and
you're not that's going to be okay I
don't want to go to Tea Party Live you
can have the ticket and you can go with
Penelope okay but uh just to let you
know it's about EA big so just think
about that while I'm gone te life here I
come oh I'm so glad I don't have to
go yo dude what you got going on tonight
oh this seems pretty boring you got $40
I had $40 a man you could have bought
two tickets to Tea Party Live what's a
tea party live and why would you want to
go to a tea party bro it's the sickest
concert ever it has time the Creator
performing there wait Tyler the Creator
so it's it's a concert yeah Tyler the
Creator created it and it's a concert
inside of a teacup it's crazy so and it
supposed to be really sick yeah it's the
sickest concert ever dude we got to go
oh my God Joseph you're not going to
believe this I I had bought two tickets
to Tea Party Live but I gave them to
Penelope and Cody dude why would you do
that you're so stupid because Penelope
said that's all she wanted for Christmas
it's an early Christmas gift so I gave
it her I I thought it was a tea party
cuz it's called Tea Party Live Well can
you buy two more more I bought the last
two tickets on Earth it's completely
sold out
oh well you know what we have to do then
right what Rob your stupid Sky
girlfriend steal the tickets from her
I'm not going to steal the tickets from
her I'm the one who gave her the tickets
a bro you can yes you can you don't love
her
anymore I mean I I I can take the
tickets back I mean I did buy them I
could be an Indian giver and take him
back I don't know if you can do that or
say that but uh yeah you could be that
okay let's just go over to her house cuz
they're getting ready her and Cody and
let's just see if I can get the tickets
back please please please so Penelope
what do you think of my dress oh my God
Cody you look totally Gorge thanks you
know what wouldd be crazy if we're at
tea party live and this guy invites me
back to his house and then he lifts up
my dress and boom winky alert you it
would be even crazier if he's like well
I'm already here so I might as well go
through with it and we start bumping
winkies oh my God I'm so excited for tea
party live yeah uh Hey guys hey Junior
what are you doing here what's up [ __ ]
hi Joseph what are you doing here give
them dad tickets Joseph calm down what
dude I thought we were supposed to be
here to steal the tickets what he Joseph
doesn't know what he's talking about yes
I do uh listen I just found out what Tea
Party Live is oh I see Junior now you're
here to take away my tickets Junior
that's not fair you said I could go I do
not want to take the tickets dude what's
the whole point of us being here I
thought we were stealing stuff Joseph
just zip zip it oh yeah yeah my bad my
bad let you do your thing I kind of need
to sell these tickets and get my money
back what why do you need money so
bad oh my God Junior what's wrong why
are you crying well a family emergency
just came up and it's really hard to
talk about it oh Junior what
happened okay I'll I'll tell you so my
great great grandmother who lives in
Poland is very very sick she has a sinus
infection and it could kill her cuz
she's so old and her doctor's office is
on the other side the Berlin wall and
the only way she can get over the Berlin
Wall is if she pays $40 to to get in a
catapult and the Catapult guy only takes
$40 us and so I thought the $40 I gave
you I didn't need it but turns out I
need to send it to my grandmother in
Poland and and and then and Junior that
doesn't make any [ __ ] sense the
Berlin Wall hasn't been up since 1990
and the Berlin Wall is not even in
Poland it's in Germany and you wouldn't
need a catapult to get over it and since
when did you have a grandma and why does
the Catapult guy want
$40 okay you guys got me the real
reason's actually really worse and I
just didn't want you guys to know but I
guess I'll tell you what's really going
on so my great great grandfather he's
vacationing in Egypt right now and he
lost his wallet and he said it's really
hot there cuz the sun is so hot and and
he needs to buy one of those Sombrero
hats to protect his head from the Sun
but they cost $40 cuz the Nigerian
scammers are charging too much and so I
really need to send him $40 to buy one
of those hats or he's going to die
because he also has a sinus infection
great great grandfather Junior and why
are there Nigerian scammers in Egypt
yeah they don't sell Sombreros in Africa
what's really going
on Grand taket a run J I got one Junior
that's my Christmas present what the
[ __ ] oh oh man Joseph I can't believe
we're at tea party live I know dude it's
going to be so much fun hey there
welcome to Tea Party Live you got your
tickets yeah right here sir yes sir very
good very good can you let us in it's
raining yeah please no what about your
IDs what uh we we don't have IDs we're
16 oh well you got to be 18 to come in
this party buff I mean we are 18 I said
we're 18 no no no you just said you were
16 so get out of here before I arrest
you but but but sir we're from Poland my
great grandmother sick in Poland and her
dying wish is for us to see Tyler the
Creator we don't have any ideas in
Poland yeah let me tell you something
care I don't give oh [ __ ] now get out of
here but I paid $40 for the ticket oh
let me see oh look at that right there
look at look at that you just R my
ticket looks like you don't have a
oh hey dude you did that cuz he's black
all right where's your
tickets oh come on Joseph let's go watch
on TV good ridd hey guys oh no Junior do
not talk to me I'm only over here so I
can watch tea party live on TV yeah
Junior I'm pretty pissed well but guys
why are you so upset at me because
Junior you stole my Christmas present
from me so that you and Joseph could go
to Tea Party live without me yeah Junior
I was going to bump winkies with a
stranger guys if I stole those tickets
so that me and Joseph could go to Tea
Party Live then why aren't we at tea
party live right now huh oh because I
had to sell those tickets to pay for my
grandfather's Sombrero yep I saw it with
my own eyes he did that that's a good
point Junior no I'm not buying it but
guys seriously why would I not be at tea
party live I took the tickets huh I sold
them I sold them for my $40 mhm I don't
know Cody maybe he's telling the truth
this time M so let's watch tea party
live on
TV hello Mrs net B I'm here for the
[ __ ] tea
party yeah fat [ __ ] only the plumper
the better bring your plush ass over
yeah she went me on my dick like the
Special Olympics and now it's hard to
stand you could call me Mr lips [ __ ]
Frank I would have found that [ __ ] real
quick you don't need a c she can
concentrate on this pistol is a 45 I
ain't talking e full of and they all
want to turn with put them in the line
I'm about to go on the killing spre she
want some black tea I'm about to feed
her some be Z [ __ ] deup I want a fat
[ __ ] with be C head body with breast
cancer cheese talking the [ __ ] Kea
black and white just like a z bheed like
the [ __ ] got hella
Al give me a suit I tie you up just like
a gentan she want sex on the beach I
find a dolphin to get intimate take your
girl and make a scene I flick a bean
like a put her in the casket you won
hear rackets like wimbl I'm a little
teapot short and stout I know you little
thirsty put these bags in your mouth
suck these here is my handle here is my
spouse put grappies in your tea and
never make it out my house
night oh my God that was so amazing
thanks for watching Tea Party Live and a
special thanks to everybody who was 18
or older who was able to come out
tonight and sorry to everybody who
wasn't 18 or older who couldn't come in
and was turned away at the
door
Junior well why would you even ask for
something you couldn't even get into
you're noten even old enough
[Music]