oh god i'm so glad to finally be home
from work i just want to sit back and
relax hey pointy are you ready to cuddle
up and watch movies i made you popcorn
and i cooked it extra long because i
know you like it crunchy karen it's
popcorn it's always crunchy you just
burned it this piece isn't bite oh good
i'll just eat that piece what movie do
you even want to watch home alone
karen we've watched home alone five
times this week i hope that little boy
will be okay well there's a sequel so
i'm pretty sure he'll be fine he's just
home alone in that big house that's so
scary
you do know it's a comedy right oh god
my brother's calling me
hello look at that guy mom's in the
hospital no jonathan i'm not falling for
another prank it's not a prank this is
real life please come okay i'll be there
in a minute okay hurry i love you uh-huh
apparently my mother's in the hospital
wait hold on he's gone go get this beat
hello you didn't share i love you back i
know bye
your mother's in the hospital yeah i
guess you better go check on her okay i
just i don't know what's worse sitting
here and eating burned popcorn with you
or visiting my mother in the hospital
okay muddle everything's gonna be okay
do you want me to go get you a beer shut
the hell up jonathan and stop petting me
like a cat yes ma'am what's going on
here mother's dying oh look who decided
to show up my good for nothing son
brookie you know i could leave nurse
what's going on here your mother's
kidney is failing but really again
didn't you already have a kidney
transplant she sure did i gave her one
of mine look i even have this scar to
prove it i tell the ladies it's a shock
bite i get so many ladies your mother
needs a kidney transplant or she's gonna
die well i don't know anybody else who'd
be willing to give her a kidney you
could give me one of yours i'm using
them right now selfish yeah don't even
love your own mother i give you my last
kitty muddle well then you would die
jonathan i would die for mother see
that's a real son right there loves his
own mother doctor are you sure you don't
know anyone that could give her a kidney
oh man i guess i guess i could ask dad
oh no i don't want nothing from him
except for the bad child support for the
past 32 years oh buckley guy why don't
you go and ask him he lives all the way
in new york city and i don't have his
number i'd have to find him looking guy
listen after everything mother has ever
done for you you can't even go and ask
father for his kidney well then why
don't you go jonathan i'm scared of
flights and father hates me he hates
everybody except for 19 year olds fresh
out of high school yeah ask him about
that cheating bastard it's true i saw
the text messages okay okay fine i guess
i'll try to find dad yay
i wouldn't say that i'm not promising
anything you're shaved hey karen how's
your mother dying hey listen i gotta go
to new york for a few days god i've
always wanted to go to new york i'm so
excited
i can't care it's not a vacation i have
to go there to look for my dad point me
i never met the father yeah there's a
reason for that he's kind of a horn dog
boyney can i please go we can go to the
top of the empire state building we
could see the statue of liberty we could
go on broadway
you can't karen i think maybe you should
just stay home and watch home alone a
few more times oh buddy please i'm gonna
go to new york please please please
okay okay fine come on yay
[Music]
oh god i'm so glad to finally be at the
hotel that was a long flight
look at the view of the whole city and
look down there it's time square boini
can we please do all the basic touristy
stuff i want to go see the statue of
liberty i want to go to the top of the
empire state building oh and i want to
see a homeless man oh karen can we just
make it a quick montage i'm tired okay
let's go
[Music]
there you go gary
[Music]
oh okay karen are you happy we did
everything yes thank you boyney okay now
let's go find my dad oh boy do we have
to i'm so tired but karen that's the
whole reason we came to new york in the
first place fine pointy okay now i think
i know where my dad is i googled this
deli so we can find it let's go get a
taxi all right karen i'm gonna hail us a
taxi i know how to do this i'm from here
tax a
all right screw me then okay that's fine
taxi hey hey
okay you're just gonna leave
taxi
i mean
you can take a bus
i don't want to take a bus taxi attack
taxi oh what's this that's a normal car
that's just a normal car that we can't
ride with them that's a pretty car it is
taxi tech taxi
okay this they don't care
taxi i mean i'll
they're not listening to you i know
they're not listening karen let's try
somewhere else
come on karen look this one's already
parked let's get in this one come on
hurry hurry hurry
ugh i hate taxis come on pointy this is
fun hello this is camille happy bubba
come here is the camel the beaver bomb
isn't going on the cob and where can i
take you today uh the brooklyn deli
please all right i'm on it
well here it is brooklyn deli you own a
deli no then why is it named after you
because my dad owns it he named it after
me back when he actually loved me but i
haven't talked to him in years let's go
see if he's here oh yeah i'm so excited
to meet your dad just calm down karen we
don't even know if he's here
oh hey hey arnie we actually got a
customer like we actually have one and
you pull out the turkey ass and the
chicken nipples oh there he is hey what
can i do for the sexy lady oh sexy
pointy your dad loves me yeah dad look
it's me it's brooklyn what brookie what
the hell are you doing here you know i
left your mother for a reason yeah dad i
know but look i need something oh no no
no you're not getting a scent out of me
you know how much turkey ass i sell not
a lot nobody wants to eat turkey ass
well then why do you sell it no dad look
it's it's worse than that oh no is she
pregnant no no she's not pregnant well
do you want her to get pregnant cause
i'll get her pregnant she's hot no dad
you look no no what she needs she she
needs a kidney transplant boyney i don't
need a
[Music]
shut kidney
karen you need a kidney transplant what
kind of candy do you need i got goat
kidney i get i got chicken kidney i got
turkey ass no i don't want turkey ass no
no dad she has to get a human kidney or
she's gonna die oh she's gonna die i
don't wanna die she's hot okay okay i'll
do it for her because she's hot really
dead you'll do it yeah yeah hold on hey
hey ernie ernie i need you to watch this
store while i'm gone put the turkey ass
in the freezer so it doesn't go bad
there's nobody named bernie back there
i'm so lonely
all right dad i'm about to give you the
anesthesia where's your wife the hot one
i want her to be the last thing i see
when i go under in case i die uh she's
she's in the other room but look at the
nurse hey how old are you i'm 25. you
too old beat it granny all right dad you
ready yeah i'm ready wait wait wait wait
wait my kidney is going in your wife
right like part of me is going inside
her that's what i want but yeah yeah
sure okay put me under
oh yeah that's the stuff that takes me
back here
oh
hey dad the surgery was a success well
i'm glad i could help your wife thank
you so much for saving muddle jonathan i
told you not to come in here but i
wanted to thank him for saving muddle
johnny what are you doing in here you
virgin i am not a virgin that's my
hand jonathan get out of here but i want
to sing father for saving mudder i
literally watched you take his chimney
out and put it inside of her how heroic
brookie what's he talking about i i
don't know hey douchebag babs what are
you doing here you gave me your kidney
what did you really put my kidney in
this
i'm sorry dad it was the only way she
was gonna die you're telling me she's
gonna die damn it yeah see now i'm gonna
drink twice as much because i'm gonna
try to kill this kidney because that's
the closest i'm gonna get to killing you
oh that's it i'm never talking to any of
yous ever again ooh ooh maybe tonight we
can all go out as a family for dinner
yeah jonathan i don't think that's gonna
happen
all right that's it i'm out of here
somebody call me a taxi dad can't we
just talk about this no i want nothing
to do with you you stole my kidney but i
was just trying to save mom's life why
well i just didn't want to hear jonathan
cry about it i'm disowning you you're
not my son anymore oh come on dad
there's got to be something i can do to
make it up to you hmm let me let me bang
your hot wife oh
how charming okay well that's obviously
not happening okay then no deal come on
dad wha what if i could get you your
kidney back hmm okay i'm listening and
you just walk up to that and rip
it out well i don't know about that but
i can definitely get you a kidney all
right and in the meantime i'm just gonna
sit here and hang out with your hot wife
and if something freaky happens you can
forget about the kidney well i'm not
really that worried about it
hey is brookie hung he gets it from his
father hey guys hi did you just walk
into our house yeah hey listen uh i was
wondering if i could borrow something
like what milk egg sugar yeah something
simple like that just uh a human kidney
a human kidney yeah why do you need one
of those are you sick oh no nothing like
that it's just it's kind of a long story
well we need to hear this long story if
you're gonna ask for one of our kidneys
well i mean it's a pretty typical
situation you know my mom needed a
kidney because she has a drinking
problem so i tricked my dad into giving
her one of his kidneys by telling him
that my wife needed a kidney but now
he's mad because he hates my mom because
they're divorced and now he wants his
kidney back that he gave to her but she
won't give it back because she hates him
because he cheated on her with a 20 year
old and that's a whole other story but
so now i have to find a new kidney to
give him to tell him that it's the one
that he gave to my mom you know typical
family drama well we're not giving you
one of our kidneys oh come on pretty
please well no no we're not giving you a
stupid kidney that's so dumb just get
one of yours no i i need mine come on i
just need one of your kidneys like you
guys can rock paper scissors for it the
winner can give me the kidney no no okay
fine then the loser can give me the
kidney i don't care we're not playing
rock paper scissors okay fine flip a
coin or something we're not giving you a
kidney i'm sorry i thought you guys were
my friends we are your friend well
friends give friends dad's kidneys why
don't you go ask a bum for a kidney i
don't know any bums ash chef pee pee
that's mean well listen he's probably
not using his kidneys he'll probably
sell you one for some money hmm
okay i guess i can talk to him
hey no not right now junior i'm cooking
wait wait you're not junior no i'm not
wait what are you doing here what do you
want well i was wondering if i could ask
you a favor god why does everybody want
a favor from pp what do you want from me
well now that i've seen your attitude
i'm kind of scared to ask good don't ask
well i i was just wondering if you would
sell me something i'll do anything for
money
anything oh okay okay great because i
have five thousand dollars here whip it
out right now what i'll do it
oh oh no no no not that no i i was
wondering if i could buy one of your
kidneys
oh good thing good thing you asked for a
kidney
because i'll never do the other thing
never ever
but yeah yeah
get that kind of right now i'll do it
for the money really right here yes if i
could wash the money while you cut but
okay yeah i'll do it
thanks for the kidney no thank you for
the money
i'll do the other thing for free though
no i'm good come back and love me
so does the carpet match the drapes
actually we were thinking about changing
the color shave the carpet hey dad dad
dad i get your kidney back see see you
see it dad oh that's actually mine no no
give me that see this could be you and
this kidney could be my balls
okay dad just focus on the kidney oh
give it here let me see this thing hey
there kidney i missed you you know what
kid i forgive you really dad yeah i do
what about me fajr do you love me too
please jonathan get out of here you
virgin
[Music]