oh man guys I can't wait to eat our
Quarter Pounders with cheese yeah I love
how every Wednesday we get together and
eat Quarter Pounders with cheese oh dude
it looks so delicious I can't wait to
eat it yeah especially cuz we don't have
fries or a drink or anything just a
quarter pounder with cheese why do you
think they call it a quarter pounder
with cheese cuz it weighs a/ quar of a
pound no way the cheese weighs a/ qu of
a pound well it's not a quarter pound of
cheese it's a quarter pounder with
cheese so what weighs a quter of a pound
the meat no no way the meat weighs a
quar of a pound you're talking about
with no bun no pickles no cheese the
meat itself weighs a/ qu of a pound
pound yeah it does it's not that heavy
it's too light it's too light a quarter
of a pound is not heavy well a pound is
a bowling ball no bowling balls weigh
like 10 lb so you're telling me if I get
four of these cheeseburgers I'll have a
bowling ball well no you won't have a
bowling ball that would still just weigh
a pound a bowling ball weighs 10 lb so
you would need 40 Burgers so if I get 40
of these burgers and mash them together
I can knock down 10 pin I mean no
bowling alley is going to let you do
that because it's food and it would mess
up their machine there's no way this
burger weighs a quarter of a pound so a
Double Quarter Pounder that's just
called a half pounder I I guess it would
be yeah so if you get four of these you
just call it a pounder yeah I guess they
could do that I just don't it doesn't
make sense J I don't yeah I'm going to
get a scale and I'm going to weigh this
meat wait what kind of scale I have a
scale in my bathroom well that's not
going to work all right Cody I got a
scale Junior that scale is not going to
work this scale works oh yeah dude that
thing a't moving well that's because
it's designed to weigh people not food
so this thing can tell the difference if
there's food or a person on it bro
there's no cameras on here you can't
tell well it's not calibrated to weigh
food so if I put a watermelon on this
will it weigh it well yeah because a
watermelon is heavy and so is A4 PB no
it's not so what about premature babies
that weigh a/ quart of a pound what
there are no babies that weigh a/
quarter of a pound that would have to be
the most malnourished premature baby
ever it would be dead okay how many
burgers to make a baby I don't know oh
just shut up and put your meat on it
Cody wait my meat yeah put your meat on
the stupid scale so we can see how how
much it weighs like right now yeah just
pull it out come on like I can't like
wiggle it around and warm it up I mean
I'm kind of I'm kind of a grower not a
shower Cody just just pull it out of the
box oh the burger I thought you wanted
us all to put our jimmies on there no
way the burger meat oh no I'm not doing
that but why not just put your stupid
Burger on here to see if it weighs a
quart of a pound why don't you try your
burger because yours is already open
well I'm not putting my food on
something people's dirty feet have been
on [ __ ] all my feet move out way wait
Cody it's not moving I know because it
weighs less than a pound it weighs
nothing it doesn't even weigh quarter of
a pound the deception we we can sue
McDonald's because look Cody the red it
didn't even move at all well it didn't
move because it only weighs a quarter of
a pound yeah and if a quarter of a pound
it would have jiggled a little tiny bit
it didn't move at all no because it's
not heavy enough because it's not
quarter of a pound mm Junior it it
weighs a quarter of a pound no it
doesn't we can sue McDonald's for false
advertising and also the quarter pounder
with cheese if I order a quarter pounder
with no cheese does the Box still say
with cheese I mean probably I can sue
them for false advertising because what
if I'm lactose and toer what what if I
don't want cheese Junior don't Sue
McDonald's you're just going to make a
fool of yourself also look at this we
weit it with the bun the cheese and the
pickles and it's still not even a
quarter of a pound so the meat by itself
would be even less of a quarter of not
quarter of a pound it would be even less
than that this whole thing is stupid
Junior I don't want to be part of this
law no no no no Cody cuz Joseph remember
they they suit Subway because the the
the sandwiches weren't a foot long yeah
yeah dude I remember that yeah they were
only 11 and dude you remember the bread
tasted like [ __ ] shoes yeah yeah yeah
so we could sue McDonald's and we could
make so much money let me get a lawyer
oh yeah get that lawyer
[Music]
dude hey what the [ __ ] I'm in the shower
what the hell you doing in my house are
you a lawyer yes what the hell do you
want I need a lawyer okay well you can't
just come into my house and walk in the
bathroom when I'm taking a shower you
call me oh well I need a lawyer now well
yeah apparently it's urgent hold on let
me wash the shampoo off my balls and put
my Ste on all right kid I'm dressed I'm
not in the shower and I don't have head
and shoulders in my balls so what do you
want I want to sue McDonald's what you
spill hot coffee and burn yourself no
are you tired of their ice cream machine
being broken no I weighed their Quarter
Pounder and it doesn't weigh A4 of a
pound wait really yeah look at the scale
see it's not moving and the Burger's on
there huh well are you sure the scale
works yeah look oh I guess it does work
well in that case you've got yourself a
case so how much do you want to sue them
for a billion dollar H make it two
billion my fee is a billion dollar
you're an expensive lawyer yes yes I am
but with a case like this this is pretty
much a slam dunk and I'm Scotty Pippen
why not Jordan how many rings did Jordan
win without Pippen huh huh how many no
love for Pippen nobody loves Pippen it's
fun to say too Pippin Pippen it's also
my favorite Hobbit Anyway come on let's
go to court oh my God baby that was
amazing what you did to my McNuggets
chef's kiss I got to name a meal after
you or some [ __ ] like the the the sloppy
poppy McNuggets meal and it comes with
the free Shake with extra whipped cream
but seriously though I'm sorry you
didn't get anything out of it it'll call
me 30 second round for nothing there
baby my driveth through is fast I'm fast
what can I say I'm greedy
but seriously though I I'm sorry you
didn't get anything out of it I'll give
you like a free gift card to McDonald's
for like a free a free shake or some
[ __ ] let's let's watch some TV to get
your mind off
it yeah there's my
chip breaking news Okay McDonald's is
being sued for $2 billion because
apparently their Quarter Pounders don't
weigh a quarter of a pound so get off me
you SL stay stay Steve Steve Well Ronald
I guess you saw the news I came as fast
as I could and then I turned on the news
and I saw him getting soed why are we
getting soed Steve well I guess it has
something to do with our Quarter
Pounders not really being a quar pound
if my quarter pound is don't weigh a
quar pound that I didn't just bang a
hooker without her getting tested first
did you do that yeah
yeah yeah I did okay Ronald her name was
Tiffany but it started with the p like
pterodactyl the p is silent but Tiffany
hey uh send us some gift cards to a room
uh $5 limit actually only send one I
didn't like it that much okay I'll get
right on that as soon as we deal with
the lawsuit oh yeah my meat weighs a
[ __ ] done Steve oh okay yeah my meat
ways a [ __ ] done I I know Ronald but
we're going to have to go to court let
me go to court Steve no no no no no I'm
going to represent McDonald's let me
represent McDonald Steve no no Ronald I
don't think that's a good idea I'm a
lawyer it's my job Steve I could have
been a lawyer I'm smart well you do make
burgers I invented Burgers not really
you just made them good yeah real good
so let me go to court with you Steve
I'll win the case for us I I don't think
that's a good idea let's go Steve
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge wer and today we will be
hearing the case of Junior who is suing
McDonald's because he claims their
quarter pound of burger weighs less than
a quarter of a pound Junior and your
lawyer explain your findings your honor
my client came to me starving because he
ordered what he thought was a qu pound
of beef but it turned out to be a qu
pound of Lies see he weighed the Burger
on a SK scale and the scale showed no
movement which means the burger weighs
nothing so now he wants the burger
renamed to the nothing pounder and he
wants two billion after taxes and also I
get a billion dollar if we win H this is
a major accusation council do you have
proof of the burger not weighing as much
as advertised yes your honor we will
demonstrate now go ahead Junior okay
your honor you see the scale and there's
the quarter pounder with cheese notice
how it's not moving because the quarter
pounder with cheese does not a quarter
of a pound very daming evidence Mr
Ronald McDonald and your lawyer what
have you to say about this well your
honor we and McDonald's would like to
deny the claim shut up Steve let me talk
but Ronald I would advise you not to
speak I said shut up steeve let me talk
listen you take di Dem my meat waste
less than a quarter of a pound you tell
them to ask their mother how much my
meat weighs because she had it in her
mouth last night order order order order
Mr Ronald McDonald settle down there
will be no shouting in my courtroom all
right Jud I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
but this case is [ __ ] my me weighs a
time uh what Ronald is trying to say is
that we can prove our meat weighs a
quarter of a pound let me show you no
Steve no let me show let me Let Me Whip
It Out Steve not your penis Ronald oh
come on Steve Steve please the burger
all right fine but once we win I'm
whipping it out Ronald don't all right
your honor I brought a real scale not
something your mother's F ass stepped on
and broke so let's turn it on now before
we weigh this beautiful delicious
Quarter Pounder does anyone want to
guess how much it weighs urana uh
quarter of a pound I don't know let's
see 5.59
o over a qu PB well no no no no it has
the buns that's why it weighs so much
the Buns I'm sorry let's take those
off
3.3 Oz that's under A4 lb you a for well
I suppose McDonald's is guilty of lying
about the size of that Mar you're right
you're right see here's the it does
weigh a CO and it has cheese so it still
wouldn't be that much he has a when we
weigh according to the regulations from
USDA we have to weigh it in raw at a
quar pound and then we cook it when it
Cooks it loses a little weight that
happens to everybody so I win yes what I
am seeing is less than a quarter of a
pound of food and therefore you are
guilty Junior you are correct you out of
this is [ __ ] f you f you are out of
here I already banged the G wait we did
it we won we won bilon billion yeah
here well Ronald looks like we lost
we're going to have to pay them that $2
billion but but you know we make $8
billion a year so if you think about it
that's really just like a parking ticket
Ronald please say something you're
scaring me where were you Steve you're
supposed to be my lawyer you're supposed
to protect me protect me Steve where
were you when I was embarrassing myself
in front of the judge Ronald I told you
not to represent yourself St you're
supposed to be my lawyer you know that
every time a quarter pound is sold
you're supposed to be the one that
checks to make sure it weighs a quar
pound Steve Well Ronald I can't check
every single burger then what am I
paying you for to jerk yourself off
Steve cuz you're not jerking me off
that's what pany did earlier listen
Ronald we have some very difficult
decisions to make we can either rename
the quarter pounder to the nothing pound
or we can add more meat to the burgers
add more meat that would cost me
Millions no no no no no we're going to
rename it to the three o pounder Steve
well maybe we shouldn't put the weight
in the name at all so we don't get Su
again oh you know what that's a good
idea how about we name it the ass
pounder after what happened to me in
court today Steve my ass pounded to [ __ ]
I want whenever someone bites into my 3
oz pounder to remember the ass pounding
that got handed to me on National
Television in court today Steve okay
Ronald we can do that but we're still
going to have to write that check for $2
billion okay Steve the judge never told
us how long we had to pay it back so I
say we take that $2 billion and pay it
back to him over the course of 2 million
years Steve we'll make them suffer
$83.33
a month I think is what that would make
it generational wealth Steve so you go
ahead and uh tell me how much I'm worth
Steve uh well I I don't know but I think
you're in debt I am I am did you look at
my Wiki recently because I'm
4.71
billion I can't pay him cuz I got no
money except in my offshore accounts
Steve so do me your favor Steve baby go
ahead write him that check and while you
do tell them tell them that money's
right here right right here Steve say
spend it wisely you
suckers okay Steve I'm going to go on my
yacht I got a bunch of
European babes on it I'll see you later
Steve so kid what are you going to buy
with your billion dollars I'm going to
buy the planet Saturn oh cool I didn't
know it was for the sale ask me what are
you going to buy with your billion
dollars I'm going to make Jurassic Park
but in real life like I'm going to buy
some fossils and some scientists and
make it happen every time I see the
movie I think I could do that better and
I was thinking about buying a museum and
having Ben Stiller be the night guard I
bet some wacky stuff would happen hey
there have you check for $2 billion oh
give me giveme giveme giveme wait this
check is for
$83.33 yeah because McDonald's has $4
billion of equity debt and we can't
afford to pay you the $2 billion all at
once so we're going to pay you
$83.33 over2 2 million years bye what 2
million years I'm probably not even
going to be alive then and Ben Stiller
is definitely going to be dead they're
going to have to make Jurassic Park out
of me wait we're not getting our $2
billion right now no they found a
loophole we really should have had the
judge set a deadline for when they had
to pay it so now they can pay it as long
as they want and it's going to take 2
million years God I really wish I was a
better lawyer hey guys it's Logan we
officially launched an SML gaming
channel go subscribe right now we're
going to be uploading gaming videos
every single day so please go subscribe
to the new SML gaming channel for new
content every single day me in Bill to
Jeffy ow I'm dead I'm so incredibly dead
help me why would you break it where you
at Cody Joseph help me come here come
here why Joseph why not Logan help I
mean do your help yeah why not Logan I'm
a little offended you don't me to help
you're the one who killed me because you
built a floor where I was trying to
climb up wait where's Jeffy I'm over
here getting shot at oh yeah I forgot
there are people