so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored you guys want
to know what the best $30 I ever spent
was what skyper what is that is that a
fan no I already told you what it was
it's a skyper check it out wa dude that
looks like a spaceship it looks like a
UFO yeah you guys ready to crap
guacamole excuse me what when you see
how cool this is you guys are going to
crap guacamole you're going to guac
right in your jeans check it
out wa dude it is a UFO it's flying wa
where's it going whever it wants it's a
skyper what are you controlling it no
you can't control the skyper oh that's
cool as hell it it just goes wherever it
wants yeah wherever it wants has
technology gone too far I think so
that's so cool the
news breaking news Okay scientists have
found a way to bring criminals who have
died back to life so they can serve the
remainder of their life sentences the
first dead person that they're going to
try this on is Jeffrey dmer and we have
footage of them attempting it now
finally I Dr friederick fle [ __ ] will
bring Jeffrey dama back to life so he
can serve out the rest of his prison
sentence all I have to do is poke him in
the chest with these two plutonium ice
crystals and I will resurrect him live
live come on yes yes it works rise rise
J Let Me Eat penis yes good now go to
jail
is go go yes all the way to jail be be
Jeffrey D be be Jeffrey D be guys be
Cody why are you so scared yeah do calm
down but guys it's Jeffrey dmer he
killed 15 people and a lot of them were
gay he's like the gay boogeyman the
boogeyman for gays my mom always checks
under my bed for Jeffrey dmer so why
would he only kill gay people well he
killed straight people too and some
black people yeah he had a thing for us
dude so he killed gay black people some
of them was straight come on now yeah
and he also ate people ate people yeah
like ate them like ate their bodies like
actually ate them wait could he not
afford food no I think he could I just
think he'd liked to eat people has he
ever tried a Happy Meal well I'm sure he
did he just preferred people who would
want to eat people I don't know he's
insane like on the guitar what no like
mentally insane why would you assume the
guitar cuz usually when people say that
guy's insane they mean he's on insane on
the guitar no people don't usually mean
that so was he good at the guitar no I I
I don't know that's not what he was
known for I think if he was he would
have started a band called The People
leaders and used his music to attract
people to eat so why didn't he do that
because I don't think he was good at the
guitar it's not what he's known for look
he just [ __ ] ate people okay okay
damn well how do we know he ate people
like how do we know those people didn't
try to eat him first and he just ate
them back I don't think 15 random people
all tried to eat him and then he just
out at them okay well do we know that
for a fact he admitted to doing it well
why didn't you just say that I wouldn't
have asked all these questions if you
said he admitted to it Jesus Junior look
the point is that he's free now and he's
really dangerous he's not free he's
still in jail well yeah but what if he
escapes they're not going to let him
Escape yeah yeah yeah you're right
they're not going to let him
Escape order order order I am the
honorable Judge poer and today we will
be revisiting the case of Jeffrey dmer
who is accused and convicted of killing
and eating 15 people back in 1992 you
were then sentenced to 15 life sentences
but you were killed in prison by a
fellow prisoner so you were unable to
fulfill all of your life sentences so
now you have been brought back to life
to fulfill the rest of your 14 life
sentences and every time you die you
will be res Ed and then you will serve
another life sentence until eventually
Justice is finally served Mr dollar do
you have anything you would like to say
to this court before you go back to
prison again yummy penis well I've never
tried it so I will have to take your
word for it God take him away come on
stop trying to bite me all right get in
there Jeffrey dmer it's time for you to
serve the rest of your life sentence yes
I'm hungry oh well I think in the
cafeteria today they got baloney
sandwiches how about penis sandwiches
nope none of that I think they're fresh
out of that darn it oh yeah I forgot you
eat people well try not to eat your
cellmate
cellmate what's so fresh
meat my name
bubbles how'd you get a
milkshake oh
de yeah I use my shower tokens you know
what that mean right I got a dirty
ass Hey Jeffrey they have hot dog in the
cafeteria that's kind of like a penis
sandwich oh God
why no thanks I'm full you ate your
cellmate but only his ass yummy oh God
that's just what what what's the matter
what you got a hair B what's what's
going on buddy talk to me hairy ass oh
okay that's it you're going to solitary
confinement no come on Jeffrey come out
of there no Jeffrey come on no Jeffrey
if you go to solitary confinement I'll
give you a picture of a naked man
okay okay Jesus it is such a mess in
there I'm going to have to clean all of
this [ __ ] up Jeffrey you open this door
right now no Jeffrey you open it I'm
going to go eat penis no Jeffrey don't
you eat penis Jeffrey you better not eat
penis open this door don't eat
penis breaking news Jeffrey dmer who is
just brought back to life today has
escaped from prison if you see this man
please stay away from him and call the
police because he might eat your penis
uhoh Junior you said they weren't going
to let him escape and now he escaped and
now he's going to eat my wee wee he's
not going to eat your wee wee have you
seen it Junior it's a very edible wee
wee it's like a piece of string cheese a
piece of string cheese yeah like a
little nub of mozzarella why is it so
pale well I don't tan my wee wee it
doesn't get a lot of sun I don't think
he wants to eat your wee wee but Junior
I'm gay I'm like a f Manan for him and
I'm black I'm well done oh yeah he'd
love to eat me and Joseph well he's not
going to eat you guys and Joseph isn't
this usually when you say I'm out of
here dude yeah but I'm not going outside
dude he's probably waiting on tell me
there well guys I think I'm going to
walk home and go tell my parents Jeffrey
dmer Escape so we can move to Europe I'm
pretty sure he won't get a passport it's
okay Cody you're almost home you're just
walking alone at night with a very
edible penis in your shorts but that's
okay Jeffrey dmer can't get you cuz he's
all the way in Wisconsin and you're in
Florida yeah there's no way he could
walk here in that time yeah you're safe
yummy yummy yummy what was that penis
penis penis was that the Jeffrey dmer
sound yummy yummy yummy penis
penis it's Jeffrey dber
wait wait is that actually Jeffrey dmer
oh oh no that's just Napoleon
Dynamite yeah huh that's weird I I've
been wondering where he's been all this
time help so guys what do you want to do
tonight I don't know dude I'm bored hold
on I got an
idea Starbelly Dream Lights magical
unicorn wow does sound pretty dope dude
yeah it's the [ __ ] titties me me guys
me Cody what are you doing here we
thought you left I did but then wait
what's going on here oh let me show you
slit th BL th in a thumb yeah we
restarted the video because you left we
thought the video was going to continue
with you in the road oh oh well no I saw
Jeffrey dber outside in the road and he
tried to get me he did yeah he's outside
like right outside your door right now
he tried to eat my wee wee wasn't call
the cops Cody okay get rid of that Jeffy
what St with the Jeffrey dmer video hey
there somebody call the cops e Jeffrey D
you know I'm starting to think maybe you
saw Jeffrey dmer I I did he was outside
he tried to eat my wee wee oh okay well
before I go look for him I got to get
all the witnesses name so what's your
name Cody what's your name I didn't see
it happen just tell me your name Junior
and what's your name Joseph what's your
name Jeffy okay I think I have
everything I need
what say your name again Jeffy huh okay
huddle up everybody just want not not
you um guys um is that [ __ ] Jeffrey
dmer right there what no that's our
friend Jeffy hm okay well you see this
is why you kids aren't cops see
sometimes when criminals are trying to
hide they have an Alias that's like
their name but not their name and Jeffy
sounds pretty [ __ ] close to Jeffrey
dmer wow you're so smart you should be a
cop I am I I I really don't think that's
Jeffrey dmer listen kid do you make
$30,000 a year no exactly so just let me
do my job hey Jeffy you're coming with
me where are we going to prison you're
under arrest I I really don't think he
got the right
guy order order order welcome back Mr
dmer you are now being accused of eating
your cellmate ass to death and escaping
from prison that's another life sentence
you're back up to 15 life sentences
there mister back to prison you go but
my name is Jeffy not Jeffrey removing
the r from your name does not change
what you've done prison all right come
on Jeffrey all right get in there
Jeffrey dmer or Jeffy dmer but I didn't
even do anything yeah yeah I saw you eat
butt that's just a regular Tuesday for
me
all right kids you got nothing to worry
about Jeffrey dmer locked up in a Cell
in prison in Wisconsin man I drive fast
uh officer I really don't think you got
the right guy the real Jeffrey dmer
looks like Napoleon Dynamite hey that's
enough lip out of you you know what
you're starting to look a lot like
Jeffrey dmer to me what's your name Cody
oh never mind it's not even close H oh
kid I think you should go answer it why
me listen I I've driven around all over
the place today I'm just I'm really
tired okay you go answer it okay it's
not even his house I I could have
answered well hello Jeffrey D did you
kids hear that sounds like the Cry of
somebody who just saw Jeffrey dmer
Jeffrey dmer what you saw Jeffrey dmer
yeah he was at the front door and I left
it open so he's probably coming inside
but why would you leave the door open I
don't know I just panicked well officer
go go go attack him [ __ ] that he's a
serial killer and he eats weees I'm
scared but your job is to protect and
serve I don't even have a gun man so
then what are we going to do
[Applause]
penis buffet for me please oh no kids
we're all going to lose our wee wees I
don't want to lose my we
we a minute you guys hear that it sounds
like the sky
Viper he's down he's down Jeffrey's down
go arrest them okay all right Jeffrey D
you're under arrest but penis I want to
eat it I know you do Bud there'll be
plenty of that in prison I I mean no
you're not going to let me eat penis are
you what no Jesus I just said no why do
you want to do it come come on come on
let's go all right Jeffrey dmer I don't
know how you escaped again again but
you're not going to escape again again
again wait wait a minute there's two
Jeffrey ders that's not possible which
one is the real one penis oh it's you
it's definitely you come on buddy you
can come out of there
[Music]