[Music]
I hate Thanksgiving the stock market's
closed so I can't make any money chives
more packing more ping sir chives what
the hell are you doing I'm not going to
hold the glass while you poor my pagin
take the glass for me chives sorry sir
we need to get your brain skinn you old
[ __ ] well you know it's pronounced
champagne and not Pagan well you're a
real champagne in my ass chives and if
you talk back again that bottle's going
to be a real champagne in your ass very
well sir hold on I'm getting a phone
call now I better not hear a single peep
out of that old dentur mouth of yours
yes sir you see that you see what you
just did that thing where your mouth was
moving and [ __ ] was coming out of it
yeah no more of that wait you don't know
how to say yes sir but you just shut the
[ __ ] up CH you know what sit on the
bottom what sit on the bottle I want you
to take that ball all the way to the
base of your ass hurry CH because if I
miss this phone call you're out on the
street
shut up hello hello my friend it is me
Prince ababi what do you want you boor
building sand castles and [ __ ] yeah well
well what the [ __ ] do you want I'm in
the middle of a very important business
meeting hold on my golden retriever
likes to do that cute thing where he
rubs his ass on the
carpet shut the [ __ ] up
CH now where were we oh you were just
wondering why I were calling you and it
was so I could tell are my best besy the
happiest of thanks of the givings I hate
Thanksgiving but but you get to eat all
the turkey and the stuffing yeah I hate
it but we don't have Thanksgiving in the
Middle East yeah but they film Star Wars
there and you got the pyramid so you got
that going for you well if someone would
throw me a true perfect American
Thanksgiving dinner I I would give them
a billion dollars a a a billion ion
dollar to have Thanksgiving duh of
course well I'll give you a Thanksgiving
for a billion dollar you would do that
for me yeah and I'll even dress up like
a pilgrim with a buckle on my hat and
[ __ ] oh you are the best person ever I'm
getting on my private jet now and
heading there okay I'll see you when you
get here oh thank God Char I didn't tell
you to get off the bottle but Char get
off the bottle I need you to get that
old ass in the kitchen and make an
entire Thanksgiving dinner in 1 hour in
an hour but sir I don't even know how to
cook a turkey well get on YouTube and
figure it the [ __ ] out oh very well sir
if it's not done in 1 hour then I swear
to God I'm going to take my phone and
we're going to film one man one bottle
paint Olympics and [ __ ] by the way sir
it's 5:00 p.m. so here is your caviar oh
thanks for reminding me CH Tina the
caviar my balls now I hear me good man
yeah you thought you were going to get
out of it didn't you caviar's right
there get to smearing I want it all over
the place even behind my balls okay Mr
good man we're not going to miss a
single egg this time o it's done
yes I can't believe I did it I cooked a
whole Thanksgiving dinner in under an
hour with time to spare chives next time
you go to the grocery store I'm going to
need you to get some french onion dip
for my [ __ ] kiniro wants to mask the
flavor look sir I did it I cooked the
whole Thanksgiving dinner you want a
[ __ ] cookie you did exactly what I
told you to do great now let's see what
we got here nuts biscuits cat throw up
chives what in the [ __ ] is this this
looks like green bean trail mix it's
green bean cassero sir well that's
disgusting I don't want it here now I'm
going to try the
turkey my God sir can you chew with your
mouth
shut M that's some good turkey chives
you know what you do deserve a cookie
you can go in the pantry and get one of
your dog biscuits but just one um sir
are you feeling all right I just had
caviar licked off my nut sack CH I'm
feeling fantastic but but sir you're a
turkey what the [ __ ] CH you're a [ __ ]
turkey [ __ ] you no sir I mean like you
literally have a beak and you look like
you have a beak with that stupid mouth
of yours sir please go to the bathroom
and look in the mirror you literally a
turkey beak feathers everything chives I
told you we need to get your brain
checked you old [ __ ] I guess I'm going
to go to the bathroom and take a piss so
I don't get a UTI from all the caviar in
my urethra
oh chives is getting old that dementia
is setting in so I'm probably going to
have to euthanize
them oh haha very funny chives you must
have went to a carnivore fair or some
[ __ ] and got one of those mirrors that
turns everything into a turkey Char you
get in here and fix my mirror
tries why aren't you a turkey in the
mirror well sir there's nothing wrong
with the mirror you are literally a
turkey tries I'm going to pick those
stupid [ __ ] eyes out of your head you
tell me what's wrong with my mirror
there's nothing wrong with your mirror
you are a turkey sir I don't get it stop
screwing around and fix my mirror hold
on Sir look in the camera sir is that
one of those stupid [ __ ] Snapchat
filters that turns everything into a
turkey no you are a turkey if I was a
turkey will I be able to do
this I'm a turkey a turkey face J you
better fix this right now I need my
billion dollars because the prince of
Abu dhabi's coming wait why is he giving
you a billion dollars he said he'd give
me a billion dollars if I gave him a
Thanksgiving dinner wait a minute if I
killed Goodman I could take the billion
dollars for myself I mean I did cook the
dinner Goodman hurry quick to the
kitchen I know how to fix this okay
hurry sir put your head right here I
know how to fix this okay all right let
me just grab the the medicine now don't
look this is really nasty medicine and
it might hurt for a second just have to
line it up and yeah I see what you're
trying to do CH you're trying to kill me
so you can get the billion dollars
exactly get back here get back here well
I guess it doesn't matter as long as
Goodman's not here the billion dollars
is mine
Bo Thanksgiving dinner's almost ready
well hurry it up I got to go to work a
Bo I hate that you have to work on
Thanksgiving yeah well they're offering
double pay and we really need the money
and besides people like to steal a lot
on Thanksgiving they think it's thanks
stealing or thieves giving or thieves
stealing or knock it off Bo I get the
picture turn off your football game and
pay attention to me but I want to see if
the Miami Dolphins quarterback gets
another concussion his brain must be
oatmeal by now turn it off B oh look
here in the news
[Music]
breaking news there's been a massive
recall on Butterball turkeys because
apparently some of the workers at the
Butterball Factory were banging the
turkeys so now one of the turkeys is
cursed so if you eat it you'll turn into
a turkey so if you have a Butterball
turkey it's best not to even try to eat
it go buy a new brand of turkey or kill
your own oh no bo we have a Butterball
turkey oh no how cheeked up is it it's
pretty thick Bo oh yeah it's definitely
soiled Bo you got to go to the store and
get get me a new one well Karen we don't
need a turkey we can just eat ham and
cheese Lunchables oh actually Bo we're
out of those too so you can pick those
up while you're at the store I'm not
going to the store Karen they're going
to be sold out of everything B go get me
a damn toyy I'm not going to get you a
toyy b thanksgiving's going to be roll
with one okay fine I'll go get one
damn I got to get the morvin he can fix
me he'll love to fix me and then I'll
get his house payment I hate working on
Thanksgiving I want to be at home
watching football and we the hell am I
even supposed to find a turkey all the
stores are closed I mean there's no
point in me even looking now wait what
is that what oh a speeder great I'm
going to ruin his Thanksgiving too no
the cops they're going to pull me over
maybe they can help
[Music]
me can't believe I'm doing this on
Thanksgiving I'm going to ruin this
guy's day I'll tell you what nobody's
going to have a worse Thanksgiving hey
there sir or should I say gobble gobble
hey I'm kind of in a rush holy [ __ ] it
talks I must have fallen asleep on the
couch watching football no this is very
real oh I see you must have eaten one of
those Butterball turkeys yes and this is
the worst situation I've ever been in oh
I'm really sorry to hear that I'll let
you go in your way okay thank you hold
on a minute my wife wants me to get a
turkey and this guy is a turkey I Could
Just Kill this guy and bring him home to
my wife and maybe she'll shut the hell
up uh sir I need you to step out of the
car please no I'm leaving I don't have
time for this well no no I need to
search the car to make sure you don't
have turkey meth no I'm leaving what no
sir you can't do that sir hey hey hey no
get out of don't touch my car you poor
don't pick me e you poor po you yeah
well you're a [ __ ] turkey how about
that [ __ ]
you Thanksgiving dinner is really
looking good this year I outdo myself
every single year though and your ass
just keep teasing me girl o thick ass
just tooted it up and oh I just want to
get behind and just act up right now but
I got to finish preparing this damn
dinner you know I ain't got time for a
quicket your sex
oh chipi what Bryon I'm trying to
prepare dinner wait what kind of turkey
is that oh it's a butter ball oh hell no
we can't eat a butter ball turkey this
year did you see the news they just said
that people were humping turkeys and
putting their buttery balls on the
butter balls so we can't eat that wait
wait really what no way gy what kind of
sick ass weirdo with with with Humper
turkey that's for Thanksgiving I thought
you were a damn virgin you lied to me
you lying [ __ ] well anyway sh pee PE I
need you to find a live turkey and kill
it right in front of me so I know that
it's not tainted well where am I
supposed to find a live turkey Braxton I
don't know figure it
out oh Jesus wait who's at the door uh
hello
hey I know I know I'm a talking turkey
wait wait wait I don't remember smoking
crack earlier so why is there a talking
turkey at my front door listen I got
turned into a turkey and I need to talk
to Marvin oh hell no you're not talking
to Marvin I'm cutting your head off in
front of Braxton if you touch me I'm
going to Peck out your eyeballs oh look
look I need to kill you come on wait
wait wait do me a favor real quick I
need a 360 turn that ass
around God damn thick ass
[ __ ] you bite it [ __ ] listen if
you let me talk to Marvin I'll let you
smack it again later okay okay well
right this way God damn it hey Marvin
it's me Goodman well don't just stare at
me help
me Marvin I can't explain that it's a
talking turkey yeah it's me Goodman I
turned into a turkey and I need to
change back into a human somebody help
me oh you must ate one of those
contaminated turkeys on yeah the butter
ball shits now help me okay first of all
even if I could help you why would I
help you all you do is ask me for money
you have a house that has a mortgage and
I want the house payment Marvin what do
I do I think you should kill him no
don't kill him he's your best friend
he's not your best friend he just wants
your house payment what crunk from
Emperor's New Groove yeah that's me no
that's me no that's me Di's Infinity
well [ __ ] yeah don't listen to him
anyway he's just a [ __ ] D you don't say
that you got beat up in kindergarten all
the time hey I told you not to tell
people that it's a very sensitive
subject all right guys let's stay focus
what should I do I think you should eat
him I got a big ass Fork here if you
want to B well uh he's got a point okay
even if I wanted to turn him back into a
human how would I do that oh simple
isma's potion oh yeah that's true isma
does have a potion well can you get me
the potion no that's okay I can all
right now that he's gone let's it no I
got East potion right here damn it okay
well give him the potion all right
turkey man here you
go thanks for turning me back Marvin Now
give me your house payment really you're
still going to ask for your house
payment after I just helped you out it's
Thanksgiving yeah I want to say thanks
for you giving me your house payment so
give me I don't have it I what are we
going to do I'm so stressed out who
cares he owes you his house payment get
your money he turned you back into a
human he didn't have to do that he could
just let you die yeah but how many house
payments does he owe you a lot exactly
so get your dad Mone but come on man
it's Thanksgiving yes Thanksgiving not a
jury event H there is an old man waiting
for me to beat his ass at my house yeah
you know what Marvin you don't owe a
house payment this month I have old man
ass to beat really I told you you should
have ate him well I think you did the
right thing pal
oh any minute now and that billion
dollars will be coming to the door that
must be my billion dollars hello your
majesty hello my sexy baldheaded friend
it is me
princei and it is I Camille Habib Cam's
in cam shut the hell up so is my
Thanksgiving feet ready it is right this
way
sir oh my L it look at this Thanksgiving
feast it's perfect yes I would like to
apologize for Goodman he unfortunately
won't be able to make it because he is
um very very sick oh but I'm very sorry
to hear that yes but but he told me that
you could hand me his billion dollars in
cash well I I don't bring it in cash but
I did bring it in gold
is that okay yes yes that's perfect I'll
just be taking this what you don't want
to stay and have dinner with me well I I
really must be going what I I can't stay
I mean I need I need to have this this
money and and take it to Goodman's Bank
come here spit on him he disrespect me
by not wanting to have Thanksgiving
dinner you know Goodman does this to me
all the time Camille we are leaving wait
wait no no I'll have Thanksgiving dinner
with you I'll do anything no you lost
your
chance no damn
it chives where are you you better have
a good [ __ ] hiding place because when
I find you this bottle is going in your
ass and I'm going to break it where you
at chives You Can't Hide forever
whenever I find mind you I'm going to
give you a billion dollars worth of pain
where you at
ch
ch are you hiding in my grandfather's
[ __ ] ashes you dirty son of a [ __ ] I
wouldn't have anything to say either
chives you bite that turkey so you turn
into a turkey and then I'm going to cut
your head off and Butterball your ass
but but sir I said I'm sorry are you a
billion dollar sorry bite
it I'll give you a 10 second Head
Start I run faster with a boner
[Music]