dude a lightsaber does not sound like
that yes it does no it doesn't it sounds
like this
no it goes but you have a temperature oh
it goes
no but you're happy
my phone's raining hold on hello hey
guys hey cody me and joseph have an
argument what does a lightsaber sound
like i think it sounds like this bizarre
picture
no it doesn't dude it sounds like this
well it's neither of those really it's
more like
do do do do
so you have to come over i just opened
up my darth maul lego set oh that does
sound pretty sick junior
not as sick as me sorry guys i'm sick
i'm not going to be able to go to school
tomorrow well y'all going to school
tomorrow no i need you guys to come over
so i can give you something to take to
school listen cody if you're depressed
we're not going to go do that to the
school for you no junior not that it's
something else okay so it's like a
doctor's note not really look just come
over and i'll give it to you all right
we'll be right over
ah
what it sounds like
hello uh hey we're here to see cody oh
hey cody's friend cody's done he's dying
yeah he has the bird flu it aids go say
your goodbyes oh okay hey cody hey dude
hey guys thanks for coming we're gonna
stay this far back because we don't know
what you're sick with yeah that makes
sense so where's the doctor's note you
need us to take the school tomorrow no
it's not a doctor's note it's a robot a
robot come here butt buddy hello i am
bot body that's so cool it's a roblox
destroy that robot he's gonna try to
take over the world no no calm down
joseph no no there's no calming down
i've seen terminator before no no he's
harmless i promise i programmed him to
act just like me what gay well yeah what
what
what's he doing calm down but buddy
look guys i i didn't want to ruin my
perfect attendance at school so i built
him to go to school for me he'll record
all the lessons and do all the
schoolwork that is kind of cool no it's
not dude he's going to take over the
world i know what i've seen this in
movies joseph go wait outside
all right cody we'll take him to school
for you tomorrow thanks junior come on
buddy let's have fun man joseph it's
really weird that cody made a robot to
take his place dude get that thing away
from me he's going to try to take over
the world he's not going to take over
the world he's harmless
what are you doing no he's taking over
your body you're his first victim i'm
out of here joseph
listen buddy we have to go to bed cause
we have school tomorrow go to bed my
database shows that is something cody
would enjoy yeah so let's go to bed
because we have to go to sleep me likey
uh good night bob buddy my database
shows that clothes are not needed for
sleep well i wear my clothes when i go
to sleep
nuts and bolts nuts and bolts i get
screwed
[Music]
no no no this is my seat this is bat
body seat no it's my seat bat buddy sits
here no you sit back there but buddy
sits wherever bot body likes see he's
already trying to take over i told you
dude
buddy you sit back there what are you
going to do about it
ow okay okay geez but buddy is going cut
a brother some slack damn
all right crafts today you have a test
today so everyone get out a pencil a
test today i didn't know we had a test
hey penelope can i borrow a pencil uh no
junior get your own you're so loud and
for no reason hey joseph can i borrow a
pencil
get away from me terminator
what chosen you just broke bot buddy
this stupid terminator was gonna take
over the world dude you just broke
cody's robot buddy are you okay
rebooting oh thank god he's rebooting
all right everyone i'm gonna pass out
your test
here you go junior hear your test
and cody here your test and joseph
there's your test oh man these questions
are hard joseph give me your pen so no
get your own pencil
look you can have this stupid pencil
just don't hurt me thank you for your
cooperation what did he really shoot
lasers at you yeah you burnt my test
dude i'm out of here a teacher i have
diarrhea
does anyone else have diarrhea before
the test if not get started
oh man i don't know the answers to any
of these questions done this test was so
easy your mom's easy because she's a hoe
wow sick burn junior did someone say
burn
why would you just do that teacher that
robot thing just shot me with lasers hey
penelope sound down and cody
i i i can't see what you're doing
because my eyes are so strange but stop
doing whatever panera pete thinks you're
doing but teacher that's not cody that's
it it is it is cody look look cody's
sick and he doesn't want to ruin his
perfect attendance so he built that
robot to take his place but that robot
just burned my test logo calm down calm
down but
you can take my test erase my name and
fill out this one and turn this one in
ah fine
buddy you have to stop destroying stuff
people are gonna find out you're not
cody i am done with my test
you have to turn your test into the
teacher turn test into teacher yes go
cody you already done your test this is
now the teacher resign what are you
talking about cody go back to your desk
i must turn the test into the teacher
you are relieved of your duties resign
cody i don't know what you're talking
about leave your test here and go back
to your desk so i can grade your test if
you refuse to resign you must be
destroyed
i'm tenured they can't fire me so i'm
not resigning go back to your desk and
leave me a test you leave me no choice
old teacher vaporized
junior did that robot just vaporize the
teacher
attention fellow classmates the old
teacher has been exterminated this is
now the teacher tell us teacher what is
our assignment but buddy what are you
doing
hey junior have you met the new teacher
no you that's not the teacher you said
turn the test into the teacher no i i
meant let's let the teacher grade your
test but test is teacher so test must
grade itself oh that's fine we have to
get out of here before the cops come
come on come on let's go go all right
buddy you sit right here while i call
cody buddy do bad bot buddy did bad oh
come on cody answer the phone hello cody
what's going on with your stupid robot
what are you talking about he's been
acting crazy today he vaporized the
teacher in class he did what yeah he's
been shooting lasers out of his eyes why
what'd you do to him i didn't do
anything to him but joseph poured water
on him why would he do that because he
thought he was the terminator he was
gonna take over the world oh god he
probably shorted out now he's in kill
mode how do i get him out of kill mode
well you have to push the right
combination of buttons on his crotch but
if you push the wrong combination of
buttons he'll go into super kill mode
and want to kill all humans that he sees
well what's the right combination it's
not that hard it's just red blue green
green yellow blue green wait no no that
that's the old one it's actually yellow
green red red blue green yellow um can
you say that again cody it's time for
your suppository pills up your butt oh
okay mom bring it sorry junior i gotta
go i don't know what's the combination
one more time no junior sorry this is my
favorite thing i really have to go i'll
call you later
okay so let me try to remember the
combination i think it was red green
yellow blue blue green red no no no it
was green green red yellow blue
green red
i'm just gonna press buttons oh yeah
push my buttons daddy okay was that the
right combination wrong combination
entered super kill mode activated
oh my god super kill mode
he's gotta kill everybody
the news
breaking news okay a local elementary
school teacher was vaporized while
teaching today we have an exclusive
interview with the police officer now
thanks goodman we're here at the scene
of the crime where a robot reportedly
vaporized a schoolteacher until he was
nothing but ashes but on the bright side
his family save some money on cremation
huh
anyway if you have any information about
where this robot might be give us a call
i have to call the cops and tell him to
come stop bot buddy
these are some crispy tenders destroy
all humans oh i love that game you get
to play as an alien and get in the ufo
and pick up cows and throw them oh so
much fun wait are you a robot yes i am i
am bot body and this is going up your
bot that is not going up my butt
hello hey kid you called about a killer
robot yeah he's in my house all right
simmons get my back all right mate oh
yeah that's good that's good right there
a little bit lower all right oh yeah
that's where the stress is yeah you work
too much mate i know all right thanks
simmons that's much better are you gonna
come inside yes we will simmons cover me
or i might own it
oh oh yeah that's good oh man it is
really cold out here it's like 36
degrees where's global warming when you
need it right are you gonna come inside
yes we will simmons watch my six kids on
saturday i need a babysitter got a mate
come inside oh okay all right where's
this robot i don't know he could be
anywhere oh
somebody get this rolling pin out of my
butt
was that a chef with a rolling pin in
his butt to be honest i don't think that
had anything to do with the robot man
people get some weird kinks
there's the robot he's right there
freeze robot you're under arrest for
vaporizing a school teacher now we're
gonna read you your miranda rights in
song ready simmons just like we practice
all right mate let's do it a one a two a
one two three
uh right to remain silent
yes you do yes you do you sure do if you
don't have an attorney one will be
provided to you it's your will it's your
will it's your
damn we are good that was great simmons
no that was all you no man that was you
oh no you nailed that note like on that
one that was so good but you did the
most of it you did mostly no no no i
think it was all yeah
that thing gets you blazers yeah that's
how it vaporized the teacher i i will be
honest with you i am terrified well we
got to think of the plan mate yeah yeah
yeah yeah simmons you're right we're
with police officers we need to be brave
i'm a man i can do this all right let's
think we're here i think we need to be
out that door let's go simmons
well you can't leave
is my phone ringy
hello hey junior my mom got done giving
me the suppository pills i guess all
good things must come to an end how's it
going you're stupid robot still trying
to hurt everyone why didn't you put in
the combination i gave you well uh i
kind of got it wrong how did you get it
wrong it was so simple how do i stop him
well now the only way you can stop him
is you have to pull out his bot plug
what's a bop plug well it's this little
thing that plugs into his butt i mean
it's basically a battery but i call it a
bot plug well how do i get to it well
you got to get in real close behind him
and then pull it out of his tight little
bot hole i mean it might take a few
tries because it's really tight in there
but if you're persistent you should be
able to get it out okay i'll try to get
it out oh and when you're done i give
them back to me because i need them oh
okay
okay so here's my plan i have this
quarter right here so when bot buddy
sees the quarter he's gonna bend over to
pick it up and i can reach my hand up
into his butthole and grab his butt plug
oh here he comes
oh a quarter i have one chance at this
i got it i got his bop plug
okay
now i can just take him back to cody
all right cody here's your stupid dumb
robot back thanks for bringing it back
junior how are you feeling i'm feeling a
lot better now well i think you should
destroy this robot
because he's been really bad
has he yeah i think you should teach him
a lesson i'll do that okay so i'll see
you later
mom where are the suppositories
[Music]