Jeffy come on let's go we got to go to
Chuck-E-Cheese Marvin we're not taking
him to Chuck-E-Cheese I thought we were
taking him to the doctor to get a shot
baby we are taking them to get shots but
jeffy's not going to willingly go to the
doctor's office to get shots
shots you're not sticking a needle in my
peee Jeffy they're not going to stick
you in the peeee with a needle they're
going to stick it in your arm same thing
I hate needles and my old mommy loved
them I'm not
going oh great baby now he's never going
to get in the car to go to the doctor's
office Marvin just give him a few
minutes to calm down we're going to be
late and Dr Brook guy said don't be late
to the
appointment okay Junior your turn oh I'm
going to make your guy sink in the sand
nuh it's called sink in sand and that's
what your guy's going to do no you're
going to sink like your guy's already
falling over Cody that's just one
leg all right you're turn you're tipping
you're tipping oh okay well he's not
sinking he's falling over he just fell
over count no he just fell over okay oh
your turn guys my dad is going to stick
a needle in my Winger where I'll do it
wait why because I have to get my shots
well you got to get your shots Jeffy you
don't want to get the MS with the black
plague you're right I don't want to be
black well instead of going to your
appointment you want to sit here and
play sink and sand with me and Cody I
want to eat the sand it looks like
cookie dough but guys my Daddy's going
to make me go to my doctor's appointment
and I don't want shots what do I do that
does not taste good well Cody do you
think you can invent a voice changer to
make Jeffy sound like the doctor so he
can call his dad and cancel the
appointment
no no I don't think I could do that cuz
I already [ __ ] did check it out
[ __ ] wait that's a voice changer yeah
it makes you sound like anybody in the
entire world you just think about their
voice and you sound like them like you
want to be Arnold Schwarzenegger n get
to the chopper those are my wife's
cookies put the cookie down get the T
man do I was the governor of California
I'll be back see it works you sound just
like honor schwarzen [ __ ] yeah here
you go Jeffy I the butt sacks it feel
nice Jeffy you didn't turn it on oh
Marvin I'm going to have to cancel the
doctor's appointment I'm going to put my
arm in a giraffe's [ __ ] you sound
just like the doctor I did yeah so if
you call your dad you can you tell him
that you want to cancel the appointment
okay I'm going to go do that right now
in 30 seconds I'm going to drag Jeffy
out of his room Marvin don't be so mean
to Jeffy he needs to go to his doctor's
appointment he needs his shots oh look
jeffy's calling he's probably trying to
get out of his appointment hello hey
Daddy what doctor yeah I'm just calling
to see and also to cancel jeffy's
doctor's appointment today so he doesn't
need his shots Happy Time wait why are
you canceling the appointment well
because I have to go to the local Zoo
because there's a Jeter there with two
penises and I have to cut one of them
off so I'm not going to be able to give
Jeffy your shots okay but doesn't Jeffy
need his shots nope no he doesn't and
also jeffy's blood work came back and it
turns out that he never ever never ever
needs to eat green beans ever again
because he's deathly allergic to them
okay well we didn't do blood work with
Jeffy yes we did because I'm a doctor
and I'm smart and I did that oh oh okay
well I guess we won't feed them Greenies
anymore I have some questions for you
though doctor what's that Daddy why are
you calling me Daddy oh yeah I wouldn't
call you that cuz I'm a doctor and
you're not my dad yeah and also why are
you calling from jeffy's phone you
didn't block your [ __ ] number you
idiot I don't know how to do that well
you better come up with something uh
hold on I think I have a lie uh well
last time I was over there I
accidentally grabbed your son's phone
and took it with me but I'll give it
back to you later okay doctor okay bye
don't come to the appointment who was
that Marvin it was the doctor canceling
Jeffy shot appointment today oh well
Jeffy will be glad about that I don't
think today was a good day for it yeah
let me go tell Jeffy he got lucky guys I
think it worked I think my daddy
believed it except for the part where
the doctor apparently has your phone oh
my daddy's not going to care he probably
doesn't even remember hey Jeffy oh hey
Daddy oh what don't throw it you're
going to break it break what nothing
Well Jeffy you got lucky the doctor
called and canceled your appointment for
your shots darn I was really looking
forward to that he also said you can't
eat green beans anymore double darn my
favorite food wait Jeffy is that your
phone uh yeah well the doctor said he
had your phone how do you have it yeah
he just dropped it off he threw it
through the window oh that's believable
all right well Jeffy I'll let you know
when the appointment's rescheduled all
right
daddy classic all right I told Jeffy was
he happy yeah what's wrong Marvin I
don't know that call just seemed very
weird it just seemed weird why do you
say that I don't know it was just weird
Jeffy you're lucky you didn't break this
thing I'm sorry I just didn't want my Dy
to see it he already saw it before you
threw it well maybe he didn't we should
screw with more people with the voice
changer like who like Chef Pee you could
call him and pretend to be a hot girl or
Maro Robbie and then tell him that
you're laying in the bunk bed and he's
going to come up here thiing Margot
Robbie's here but she's not why would
Margot Robbie be in your bunk bed I I I
don't know but he has to believe it cuz
he hears her voice yeah oh you know what
would be really cool if we turn off all
the lights in here and then we call him
as Margo Robbie and then he comes in
here naked and then I'm in the bed
dressed up like a girl and I use the
voice changer to sound like Margo Robbie
and tell him to get in bed with me and
then we go all the way wouldn't that be
really funny you guys I think we should
just do the call yeah okay we'll see
where it goes I'm going to go get my
phone all right guys I got my phone Cody
why are you already dressed like a girl
because I'm supposed to be Margot Robbie
Margot Robbie has blonde hair well it's
not going to matter the lights are going
to be out I just needed to give Chef
peee something to pull Cody you're not
going to be getting in bed with Chef
peee you're just supposed to be calling
him I said we'll see where it goes now
call Chef peee and block my number it's
C yes very good Jeffy that is corn all
right I'll call Chef peee oh man you got
to try this sandwich it's no ordinary
sandwiches a sausage biscuit with grape
jelly oh I'm so hungry
wait who's calling me oh blocked hello
hello this is Marco Robbie it's the Chef
Pee oh yeah this is Chef Pee wa Marco
Robbie what your fine ass doing calling
this time of night cuz I think you're so
sexy chef peepe and you have the best
cooking you know I got the best cooking
but of course I'm Chef peee baby how
about you come up and serve me up some
Italian sausage right now Italian
sausage you know I'm p and I'll give it
to you any time of the day just give me
the add it baby I'm upstairs in your
bunk bedroom Ain it wait upstairs in the
bunk bedroom what you doing here that's
right Cy come get in this rude
pouch Michael I'm coming okay guys he's
on his way up everybody get out of here
and turn off the lights why don't we
just yell pranked when he opens the door
no that's lame I got to commit to the
role I'm sorry I didn't take you guys
for complete [ __ ] did you know corn
is ribbed for pleasure that's good to
know if things don't work out with Chef
peee I could use that all right Jeffy
come on let's go Junior del lights oh
yeah wait Cody put your clothes back on
no it's for the prank it's going to be
funny he's going to
laugh Junior Maro Robbie's in there uh
yeah looks like we're going to be Eskimo
Bros how was it wait wait don't tell me
I like a surprise oh Maro
Polo I got a polo you can ride girl uh
girl where you at you know it's dark as
hell in here can I turn on the light no
don't turn on the I time in bed already
naked and Soggy for you you know I like
my women like I like my Frosted Flakes
soggy as [ __ ] get in here big
boy you nasty you like to get down to
business all right girl come give it to
me peepers oh [ __ ] the batteries ran out
what the [ __ ] wait hold on Cody what the
hell are you doing you gross as hell
what's wrong with you we can still do it
I'm down no unle Robie oh I was so close
does anybody have any
aa's hey man oh hey what the [ __ ] what's
wrong we had an appointment and you just
left me hanging dog what's that about
what you called the one time I don't
come over here we make an appointment at
my office you just don't show up what
the [ __ ] is wrong with you who does that
I'm a doctor I went to college Magnum
come loud that's what they called me I
had terrible grades but I'm still a
doctor well you called and you canceled
the appointment what no I didn't yeah
you did you called and said you had to
remove a giraffe's penis what the [ __ ]
are you talking about are you on drugs
what no you you called me from my son's
phone and said you had to remove a
giraff penis cuz he had two what the
[ __ ] I don't understand what the [ __ ]
you're talking about I called you from
your son's phone and that didn't raise
any suspicions well I mean you said that
you where would I get his phone you said
you took it and that you you had to give
it back you threw it through the window
back at him I threw it through the W oh
you are pissing me the [ __ ] off right
now where is your son I'm giving him the
shot oh he's really scared right now I
don't think you'll be able to give him
that shot that's okay I'll just do what
I do with my dog hold on okay so my
dog's really bad about taking medicine
so I usually just hide his pill in a
piece of baloney so that's what I'm
going to do with your son shot you're
going to make bite a needle no I'm going
to pretend I'm handing him a piece of
baloney and when he goes to reach for it
I'm going to stick him in the arm but
that's going to traumatize Jeffy yeah
well you didn't show up for your
appointment so this is what you get a
balone needle now where the [ __ ] is your
son Jeffy get in here yeah Daddy the
doctor has something for you you want
this piece of baloney no oh well can you
throw this piece of baloney away for me
no oh well I will pay you 100 bucks to
touch this piece of balone show me the
money okay all right here's your 100
give
me fu
yeah and I get to keep myund I hate my
daddy he tricked me into getting a shot
he tricked you yeah and now I want
revenge well I changed the batteries on
the voice changer so it should work now
it died at the worst possible time for
me well I needed to sound like my daddy
cuz there's a guy that he owes money to
named Mr Goodman and I'm going to call
Mr Goodman pretended to be my Daddy and
tell him that I have the money that I
owe him and then when Mr Goodman shows
up he's going to get out of my daddy for
lying oh that'd be really awesome all
right here's voice changer all right
thank you Cody how's the pressure full
you s harder
Rafiki come on Rafiki ear in your money
harder now pull my
hair all right that's enough Riki it's
time for you to wax my ass crack get the
duct tape I have dingleberries in there
for you I want you to chew on them like
Hubba
Bubba all right now pull it on three
oh hold on I'm getting a phone
call hello this is jeffy's Dad Marvin
why are you calling yourself that cuz I
am jeffy's dad well what do you want
Marvin I'm in the middle of getting a
massage from Rafiki don't I owe you
money every [ __ ] month but you never
pay it well I have all the money I could
ever owe you ever ever never oh you do
yep all the money you could ever want I
owe you hold on like you have enough
money to pay off your entire house yep
and all your credit cards yep Rafiki
pull
it M [ __ ] okay Marvin you're not [ __ ]
with me are you NOP I have all the money
all right because if you're [ __ ] with
me and I get there and I don't have any
[ __ ] money I'm going to get a ninja
Katana and slice your balls in half like
fruit ninja I have all the money and
$100 bills waiting for you all right I'm
on my way good news Rafiki you don't
have to get a mouth load of warm Goodman
soup o than
God sorry I got baloney juice all over
your couch you know it's actually the
second time I've said that to someone
today what listen next time we have
plans how about you do them okay well
you you're the one no no no no no I
don't want to hear your excuses we had
an appointment and you stood me up okay
I thought we were friends if I invite
you over to my birthday party you're
going to show up or you're going to
stand me up again if I invite you over
to a cookout you're going to show up
well you're the one who said that that
that you were canceling the appointment
see that's the worst kind of lie you
can't make the lie about me I know what
I did and didn't do I'm sorry there
right there that's what I was waiting
for okay bring it in give me a hug yeah
this is good good okay thank you I
needed this okay now any leftovers in
your fridge we have pizza from last
night I'm on
it who's at the door hello hey Marvin
I'm ready for what for you to pay me all
the money you owe me for your house
payment and your credit cards I'm happy
and I'm ready nothing can ruin this day
so give
me what makes you think I have all the
money to pay you all that that's a funny
joke Marvin just one more joke before I
never have to come to your house every
single month and ask you for your
houseal payment that's a rich joke I
like that one Marvin but uh that's
enough kidding around so give me I I I
don't have all that money G what would
make you think I have all that money you
personally called me and interrupted my
massage with Rafiki to tell me you had
all the money for your house payment and
all the money for your credit card
payments and I said okay I'm on my way
and you said okay good what that that
that did not happen I did not call you I
I don't have the money Marvin you know I
have a katana right what what what's
what's that for I'm going to play Fruit
Ninja with your balls if you don't give
me the money for your house payment in
the credit cards I don't have the money
all right
Marvin now you pull out those shriveled
up little raisin balls of yours because
they're coming home with Daddy come
[Music]
here hey guys it's Logan thank you guys
so much for helping us reach our goal of
selling 2,000 Jeffy pios The Jeffy piano
will only be available until July 31st
so if you still want one go on SM
merch.com right now and pre-order yours
now thank you so much for being amazing
fans we love you guys and I can't wait
to make more videos for you