all right CR today we're going to be
reading Huckleberry Finn so I hope you
got your permission slip sign because
we're going to be saying the inward 219
times so I hope you got a glass of water
cuz your mouth's going to be dry so turn
in your permission slips so we can start
saying it hey Cody did your parents sign
your permission slip yeah my stepdad's
black so he signed it what about yours
Penelope yeah cuz my dad's a cop and he
says it all the time oh I had to forge
my dad's signature cuz I really wanted
to say it what about your parents Joseph
they sign it dude you know I don't have
parents and I don't need permission just
to say it dude I'm black I can say it
anytime I want oh well let's turn in our
slips guys Once you turn in your
permission strip grab a copy of the book
I wonder what page they say it on all of
them whoa whoa whoa Joseph your
permission strip doesn't have a
signature on it [ __ ] I don't need a
signature we own the word no your
parents have to sign a permission trip
before you can read a book I don't have
parents well then where do you live I
live in a dumpster the street light is
my mama and the dumpster is my daddy
hold on I have to call child protective
phips what what for what nobody's
shooting in here right I I have to ask
cuz this is America it happens like
every day hey there somebody call the
cops or child protective services oh
Huckleberry Finn you guys say it yet
yeah I signed my daughter's permission
slip so she can say it it's pretty much
the only chance she's going to be able
to say it without getting in trouble you
know unless you're singing along to
Little Wayne or Papa John's phone calls
no this kid know have no parents I don't
know what happened your dad went to get
milk and never came back that's what
happened to me I think the child support
scared him off oh yeah the child support
yeah it almost got me too it is a real
[ __ ] you know I don't understand why
the man should have to pay you know what
if I didn't even want the kid but anyway
where you living now in a dumpster oh
well that's no good well it looks like
we're going to have to put you in a
foster home of imaginary fridge no no
unfortunately they had to close that
down because nobody knew what the hell
it was now I got to put you in the last
foster home left in America way up in
Utah no not Utah yeah Utah so just get
your stuff wait you probably don't have
any stuff I got a dirty to brush okay
well bring that and then tell your
friends you're never going to see him
again I guess I'm going to
Utah what's wrong Joseph I have to move
to a foster home in Utah not Utah why
Utah because I don't have parents you
guys I found it oh I want to read it all
right come on kid we're going to Utah I
don't want to go to Utah sorry you got
to now hop on my invisible horse easy
girl come on let's go to Utah can I pet
your horse oh don't stand too close to
the back she might you she's not going
to see I warned you I don't want to go
to Utah please don't make me go I guess
my horse could use a rest okay if you
can find a new family to adopt you by
the end of the night you don't have to
go to Utah okay yes come on
girl don't worry Joseph we're going to
find you a new family that'll adopt you
by tonight come on come on let's do
it stop crying Joseph we're going to
figure this out now who do we know that
would want to adopt Joseph nobody wants
to adopt Joseph cuz nobody loves loves
me a don't say that Joseph I'm sure
somebody loves you you really think so
dude maybe how about we ask Chef peee to
adopt you cuz Chef Pee loves kids he
loves playing with me oh I don't think
that's true dude you really think shfp
will adopt me I think he will but you
stay right here while I go ask him in
case he says something mean okay you're
right you're right good looking out who
ain't the daddy I ain't the daddy who
ain't the Daddy what I ain't the daddy
you sing with it who ain't the daddy you
ain't the daddy who ain't the dadd
what's going on look Junior I had a
probability of paternity test and look
zero [ __ ] per cuz I ain't the daddy
never will be the daddy in that [ __ ]
dreams wait what happened Chef you got a
girl pregnant no no I never got a girl
pregnant look I I met this girl she was
a Hooter's waitress she gave me wings
and I gave her a thing you feel me and
then she hit me up n months later
talking about she had a kid for me I'm
like hell no you ain't got no kid for p
PE uhuh p PE pull out game is super
strong superb to here you know what I
mean so yeah I got the fraternity test
and they came out
0% not the dad what I'm not that D so
you don't have a kid
no negative results read boy negative
results it is negative yeah I don't want
no kid don't want to see a kid don't
want to see a woman with a kid don't
want to smell a kid I don't even want a
kid if it's not even mine never ever now
what you want what you going to ask me H
never mind you can ask me anything man
I'm just a little excited come on so do
what did shf peipi say well he didn't
say no what does that mean well he also
didn't say yes I I don't think today was
a good day to ask him we should ask him
later but until then let's figure
something else out like oh Cody why
doesn't your parents adopt Joseph yeah
your dad's black oh well I mean I guess
I could call them over and we can ask
them yeah because I mean we're already
best friends so Joseph living with you
wouldn't be weird yeah I could be your
straight brother dude huh well I I guess
that could be kind of hot okay I'll call
him over here hey Cody you called us
over yeah you interrupted something very
special very special yeah your daddy was
making toast to strudel and I was right
at the part where you put the icing on
top of the strudel and then you call
making me all nervous and I shot my
icing all over the cover e well your
daddy also hit a posum on the way here
yeah I swear to hit that [ __ ] okay well
I was just going to ask you guys if
maybe you wanted to adopt my friend
Joseph what the hell you want us to buy
this little black boy oh no no no no
black people are not property slavery is
over with you know that no no no no not
buy adopt I don't care how you word it
we are not buying people we are not
doing that slave thing slavery is over
with but no no I just thought that maybe
he could be like my brother oh oh you
thought he was your brother a brother a
slave brother that a cook and clean and
do all that picking and coton and all
that stuff huh no he's not going to be
that cuz we're not buying slaves Cody
you're grounded for being racism but Mom
I wasn't even being racism M I'm sorry
little black boy I didn't know I was
raising a racism in my house come on
Judy let me go ahead and finish that
toasted strudel ooh we could do it in
the car yeah to go that could not have
gone worse do you think your parents are
going to adopt Joseph no Junior didn't
you hear what they
said there's someone at the door I'll
get it hello hey Junior I came to bring
Cody back his tape measure I think he's
going to be really happy with the
results well he's upstairs okay I'll
come right in hey Cody I measured like
you said and I'm 2 and 1/2 in really
that's it what do you mean that's it
there's no way you're bigger than 2 and
1/2 I think I might be smaller measure
again okay what are you guys measuring
well I'm getting Timmy to measure his
shoe size cuz he wants to borrow my
shoes so he can go running but I don't
want him to bust them open wait a minute
why doesn't Timmy's parents adopt Joseph
what yeah so look Joseph doesn't have
parents and he needs parents so what if
your parents adopted Joseph I mean I
guess I can call and ask what's the
worst that they could say yeah call them
okay I don't want to live with them
they're weird would you rather live with
them or go to
Utah I guess you're right okay guys it's
ringing what do you want Timmy your
mother and I are rearranging my best
lawn trophies oh sorry for interrupting
honey I said biggest up top and smilest
on the bottom you better straighten up
before I pop you what do you want Timmy
well father I was wondering if you could
adopt one of my friends if me and your
mother wanted another kid I'd just bang
the babysitter but father if you don't
adopt him he's going to be forced to
move to Utah well you should have taught
to call someone else a I'm sorry Joseph
it looks like they don't want to adopt
you no one wants to do the black kid
hold on did you say black kid yes sir is
he good at sports um well he has a
sports ball on his shirt your mother and
I are coming over right now yes sir guys
I think they're interested all right
Demi where's the all Aman he's right
there in the green shirt oh my God honey
he has a sports ball on his shirt I'm
going to be like Sandra Bullock great
we'll adopt him really wao I really have
a family now yeah but see this is how
it's going to work you're going to sign
a conservatorship so we can get book
deals movie deals shoot deals and we're
going to take 97% of your NFL contract
we'll put the other 3% in a trust so
when you turn 35 or some [ __ ] you'll act
like you got blindsided by the whole
thing wow this sounds like a dream come
true hey Timmy I got to go pee you want
to help me in the bathroom yes totally
all right so how do I adopt him do I
have to send money to a Nigerian prince
or something no I'll go get the cops why
he didn't steal
anything easy girl got I bet your horse
okay but she bites never mind so kid you
found someone to adopt you yeah these
cool white people want to adopt me yeah
we're hoping he's going to be a famous
football player now Jesus not this again
you guys are trying to do a blindsight
huh I'm Sandra Bullock all right well
here here are the adoption papers just
sign right there and you get paid all
right there you go well congratulations
kid you don't have to go to Utah unless
you get drafted by the Utah Jazz no he's
going to be a football player come on
let's go test your 40 time okay yeah
Joseph go hang out with your new family
nice throw deak now try throwing it out
a player damn it excuse me coach what do
you folks want we just adopted this boy
we want to make sure we made a good
investment can he join the football team
well let's test your 40 go line up okay
dude oh I'm so ready dude on your mark
get
set time oh sweet Jesus 640 is that good
no it's slow as [ __ ] he's not joining my
football team damn it honey why did we
adopt him well I'm good at basketball
you better be LeBron [ __ ] James let's
go
yeah that's what the [ __ ] I'm talking
about moose we're going to beat the
Washington generals cuz of you excuse me
coach now what the hell do you want we
adopted this kid and we want to see if
he's good at basketball huh you're a
little short can you shoot a gun or a
basketball tell you what if you can beat
moose in a one-on-one game you can join
the Harlem Globe trots who the hell is
Moose hello that's moose so you play
five night fdy oh yeah I can beat his
ass all right first the six wins okay
okay I want to give the B to you you
give back to me okay okay here you go
where you going boy I'm right here
what's up what's
up 5 oh man moose already scored two
points not looking good Fellas come on
LeBron James pick up the Bas but he hit
me I know you guys saw that I'm sorry
the Moose got too aggressive matter of
fact you can have a free shot really
here you go okay bet you got this moose
out what the hell that's right moose p
that [ __ ] what the hell you doing LeBron
he's not playing Fair dad
ow Jesus Mary and Joseph your boy's
getting killed out there you want me to
end this no LeBron you better score okay
Dad I got it I got to do this for the
family check
up
wait the hell your boy can't even get
off a shot well Bron if you don't make a
shot you're unadopted oh I can't let my
family down I finally got a home 3
Square meals a day people that care
about me in a toilet to poop in oh I
can't let this go I'm a win a day check
[Music]
[Music]
up
good
game well your kid
sucks I'm sorry Dad I'm not your dad
what what does that mean where are you
going what's wrong Joseph my parents
unadopted me they what they ripped up
the adoption papers and said I'm not
their kid anymore well that's not
legally binding and the cop didn't see
them do that so they're still
technically your parents and that means
you don't have to go to Utah and oh my
God that that means we're still brothers
and you can come over anytime and we can
sleep in the same bed we are not
sleeping in the same bed together dude
well Joseph you can stay here as long as
you want sometimes what really dude man
that's the support I need thank you bro
yeah Joseph you'll always have the
support of your best buds yeah we always
got your back Joey yeah appreciate you
guys man let's go into one big group hug
oh I want to be in the middle me too uh
how about no to the hug if uh Timmy and
Cody's in it yeah let's just high five
yeah let's high five dude best friends
forever
[Music]
yeah