so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm hungry me too me
four or we could order pizza that's
going to take forever dude that's going
to take hours I wish there was a pizza
place that delivered pizzas fast like
instantly well nothing's faster guys I
got an idea it's a billion dooll idea
maybe a trillion doll idea what is it
dude what if we invented a pizza place
that delivered pizzas fast dude that's a
dope idea but Junior what do we know
about making
pizzas ow Jesus what the hell is that
for we don't need to know how to make
pizzas Cody we just need to know how to
deliver them fast idiot okay well how
fast do you want to deliver them 10
minutes yeah 10 minutes that would be
crazy well Juni that's impossible
there's no way we can make pizzas and
deliver them in 10
minutes he deserved it yeah Chef peee
will pre-make 10 Douro pizzas and
they'll always be ready and when someone
calls to order a pizza we just grab a
pizza and get in the car e Junior we
can't give people cold asj no pizza
don't slap me again it won't be cold OU
we'll put it in the microwave Junior
nobody's going to pay money for room
temperature jono pizzas when they can
just go to one of the hundreds of actual
good pizza places well our incentive is
going to be that we deliver it in 10
minutes okay but there's still going to
be good pizza out there okay we know
we'll charge $1,000 for our pizza what
Junior no one's going to pay $1,000 for
a pizza yeah they will because it will
tell them that if we don't deliver their
Pizza in 10 minutes or less we'll pay
them $11,000 woo I pay $1,000 Junior
you're just going to end up losing
$1,000 you don't even have look if we
don't make it on time I don't even have
$1,000 so I'll just run away yeah how we
even going to get it there that fast uh
jeffy's going to drive I'll drive I'll
drive super fast I'll even drive on the
sidewalks and I'll drive twice as fast
in school Jones yeah so we'll definitely
get there in 10 minutes or less Junior
that's crazy what about trains what you
want us to take a train trains are super
slow Cody cuz if we get on the train we
have to wait for a train station oh what
if someone doesn't live by the train
tracks we'll never make it there in 10
minutes what no no I didn't mean we
deliver it by train I mean what if
there's a train in the way and the and
the car takes longer to get there we
drive around the train Junior do you
know how long a train is we can't just
go around it okay we'll build a ramp and
we'll jump over the train and how long
is that going to take why are you
bringing up trains Cody no one mentioned
trains all we're going to do is make
pizzas and deliver them in 10 minutes or
less and if we don't deliver it we pay
them a th000 if we deliver it on time
they give us $1,000 it's a billion
dollar idea everybody's going to want to
order a pizza and possibly get $1,000
Cody it's a genius idea well Junior you
can't guarantee it's going to be there
in 10 minutes it's crazy yes we can if
we're Sonic the Hedgehog we're not Sonic
the Hedgehog you got your ass there dude
listen Cody no one brought up Sonic the
Hedgehog for you what you mentioned
Sonic the Hedgehog listen we're going to
make a commercial and we're going to
tell people order our pizzas and if it's
$11,000 and if we don't get it there in
time we'll pay you a th000 everyone's
going to go crazy they're going to tell
their friends hey bro did you hear about
,000 pizza oh I heard about it dude oh
I'm going to order one right now phone
and then we get there on time and then
they owe us $1,000 and we keep doing
this and we make millions billions
trillions dollars okay okay Junior can
we at least just make the pizzas before
we make the commercial so we at least
have pizzas when people call us that's
smart that's smart that's the first
thing he said that said that was smart
yeah you're super smart smart Cody okay
let's go get she to make the pizzas then
we'll make the commercial and then when
people see the commercial we're going to
be getting pizzas and billions of
dollars and trillions of dollars yeah
let's get paid dude look at that meat
that's some thick meat meat meat meat
that meat yeah that's meat meat meat me
see you see the meat me that meat meat
meatpipe what are you doing I'm making
meatloaf Junior duh wait is that baloney
it's a loaf of meat Meatloaf I mean I
guess that's true hey shf peipi can you
make us 10 dejo pizzas no I'm making
meat L tonight I'm not making any pizza
Junior we need 10 Douro pizzas I'm not
making Douro pizzas you're eating
meatloaf but we're starting our own
pizza company and we want to sell Douro
pizzas wait I'm not going to be a chef
for you Junior what if we pay you $500
an hour okay okay I'll be your Che okay
okay Junior we can't afford that yes we
can if we sell a pizza for $1,000 he
only charges 500 an hour well we're not
even going to sell a pizza for $1,000
we're going to sell 30 pizzas an hour
we're going to make $30,000 an hour Cody
what Junior that's impossible we don't
have enough people we can't deliver the
pizzas that fast Cody I think you're
underestimating how fast my
yeah Cody I don't think you understand
that we have this covered look let's go
make the pizza
Commercial okay guys before we shoot our
commercial we have to think of a name of
our pizza place how about bankrupt cuz
that's what we're going to
be ooh how about abraca daza yeah
abracadabar because our pizza gets there
so fast it's like a magic trick it just
comes out of nowhere Abra kadaba yeah no
that sucks that does not sound good at
all well what about dirty diaper stink
Pizza I I don't think anyone's going to
want a dirty diaper stink Pizza well
what about dirty diaper stink [ __ ] pizza
that's not better I got an idea how
about speedsters Pizza cuz we speed to
your house so fast to get you the pizza
Speeders Pizza yeah I like that no no no
I got a better one how about little
hungry Papa Speeders Hut pizza what
little hungry Papa speeder Hut pizza oo
that's unique dude so you just want to
get sued by everybody then no no no no I
just want everyone to think about us
when they try to think about ordering
from our competitors they're like ooh
instead of Papa John's instead of Little
Caesars instead of hungry hoes we go to
little hungry Papa Speeders Hut pizza
little hungry Papa speedsters Hut's
pizza that that doesn't really roll off
the tongue listen Cody we're going to go
with that name cuz it's the most famous
name and everyone's going to be ordering
pizzas from us especially if they get
$1,000 all right so let's go shoot our
commercial okay Cody go uh oh uh wow I'm
I I'm so hungry I sure would like a
pizza I just wish it didn't take so long
to get pizza go
Jeffy poof w
no that pizza got here so fast who could
have delivered a pizza that fast little
hungry my BB keep fix it little hungry
little hungry Speeders little hungry
Papa speedsters pizza that's of course
wow Hut little hungry little hungry Papa
Speedster Huts pizza that's who could
make it that fast wow that was so
fast what do you think Jeffy
Pizza yep so so if you order a pizza
we'll get it to your house in 10 minutes
or less or we'll pay you
$1,000 that's insane but if we get the
pizza at your house before 10 minutes
you oh was $11,000 that's also insane
that's pizza fast in a fast way yes
order now um call this number J it the
number that number wa junior is that my
[ __ ] phone number call this number
Jun for pizza $1,000 I don't want them
calling my phone number all right guys
what' you think about that commercial I
think I did a pretty good job holding
the camera dude you did edit my number
out okay I will do it now well I already
edited out and I took it to the TV
station and they're going to air our
commercial today wait how did you get a
commercial on TV that cost money I told
them you were dying of some disease are
you okay dude I'm not really dying
Joseph oh okay so let's just sit back
and wait for the phone to ring so we can
start making some pizzas no one's going
to call wait is my phone ringing what
what Junior why are people calling me
you said you edited my number out I lied
answer they already have your number
damn it Junior hello hi I would like a
pizza please really yeah but I live
across town and I already mapped it and
it's 30 minutes away so no way and [ __ ]
you make it here on time I mean you're
probably right go Junior we need a pizza
right now wait it's a customer yes we
need a pizza all right let's go tell shf
bipi Chef CH we need a pizza right now
okay okay I'll get it out oh sweet
Jesus oh what you burned it Chef peee
I'm sorry I got distracted by thinking
about the $500 an hour I get paid J we
can't deliver a pizza looking like that
well look in the commercial we didn't
say it was good pizza we didn't even say
it was not burnt so listen we have to
deliver it just like this Chef can you
put it in a box what box uh uh put it in
the Douro box Junior we can't put it in
the Douro box and they're going to know
it's Douro it doesn't matter it's either
if it's Douro we didn't tell them it
wasn't not Douro look just put it in the
Box we got to go we only have 10 minutes
okay I got you
hurry okay yeah come on get me let's go
go he go come on guys let's go let's go
let's go it's raining so my daddy gave
me Specific Instructions that I'm not
allowed to drive in the rain and I'm
scared okay um Co Cody can you call the
guy and let him know it's raining but no
Junior he's not going to care that it's
raining he wants $1,000 okay listen what
if we just started walking right now
junior he lives 30 minutes away by car
Jesus Christ Junior we only have 8
minutes now oh okay okay listen okay
it's raining it's thundering we're going
to get struck by lightning if we walk
out there oh I got an idea everyone go
upstairs on the couch I got an idea
Junior we're wasting time come on okay
guys just wait right here and we're
going to deliver this pizza Junior we
don't have time for this we only have 5
minutes to deliver this pizza if you'd
be quiet and be patient the solution is
coming hey there somebody call the cops
yes officer can you deliver this pizza
for us uh kid I'm a cop I don't deliver
pizzas I stop crying we'll give you $300
if we can deliver this pizza in 5
minutes okay you're on junior he can't
deliver this pizza in 5 minutes that's
impossible are you kidding me I have a
police car people get out of my way I
can do it all right so officer go there
you have 5 minutes to get there make
$1,000 but we're give you 300 of it okay
no
problem Junior there's no way he's going
to make it in time and even if he does
you're giving away basically $800 of our
dollars listen we're going to make $200
from this pizza I'm about to get paid
I'm here look at that 42 seconds late
what okay I'm going to go ahead and
Round Up 1 second late what does that
mean means you owe me $1,000 why the
hell would I owe you $1,000 cuz it was
part of the guarantee over 10 minutes
you pay me $1,000 it's over 10 minutes
oh oh wow okay I didn't sign up for that
what nobody told me that wow now pay me
do you think he made it in time of
course he made it in time Cody he's a
cop he can break all the laws hey hey
did you deliver the pizza no I was 1
second late and the guy made me pay him
$1,000 because apparently you guys
promised him $1,000 if the pizza was
late well that's your fault you should
have drove faster I drove $1 125 mph and
then I got stopped by a train Junior uh
well why didn't you go around the train
oh it was a very long train 170 cars
actually I had time to count and I was
still only 1 second late oh and I even
went over speed bumps I mean [ __ ] my
alignment right yeah you guys owe me
$1,000 what where you going hey hey get
back here you owe me money what I I'm
selling this camera and this couch
[Music]
wa