[Music]
chiv I love being a billionaire I know
you tell me every day Sir Charles feed
me chocolate a very well sir throw it in
my
mouth spanking for missing and being bad
at
throwing two sir you have two ass cheeks
chives you want me to hit the hole no
sir please all right chives now fetch me
my phone I want to look at the stock
market very El
sir hey hey what are you doing in my
house you're the gardener you're
supposed to be outside get the [ __ ] out
I'm sorry I'm I'm looking for my hedge
clippers you're not going to find your
hedge clippers in my [ __ ] living room
now go ches help what's sir Stinky's in
the house get him out I don't know why
he's in here hey get out of the [ __ ]
house can I use your bathroom first seor
no you use my bathroom [ __ ] no you can't
use my bathroom you [ __ ] in the yard you
dig a hole you take a [ __ ] and you plant
an orange tree Nanos now get okay chives
never let that happen again I will have
a talk with the gardener yes you will
chives did you see where a CEO of a
Healthcare company was shot outside his
hotel oh I did hear about that shot in
broad daylight why didn't his bodyguard
protect him well he didn't have a
bodyguard didn't have a bodyguard char I
don't have a bodyguard what if someone
tries to shoot me well then I would be
very happy CH but
unfortunately I'm not that lucky ches I
think I need a bodyguard and who would
want to kill you I don't know chives
everyone loves me mhm but I think we
should get a bodyguard just in case so
what I want you to do is I want you to
find every bodyguard you can think of
and let's have an audition very well sir
the oh godam [ __ ] my God all right sir
I have arranged several interviews for
your bodyguard position okay send them
in very well sir the first candidate is
a gentleman named screw ball screw ball
screw ball yes all right come on
[Music]
in I have a question the [ __ ] are you
doing you're dressed like a clown you
look like a [ __ ] do you even know
what this job's supposed to be for well
Mr businessman I saw the flyer and saw
that you were hiring well this is for a
bodyguard position not a little kid's
birthday party I'm actually not allowed
within 500 ft of kids or a
Chuck-E-Cheese okay so I have a question
for you let's say an Assassin's trying
to kill me how would you protect me well
I pull out my snake balloon because
people are afraid of snakes and i'
go get the [ __ ] out of here I'm sorry
did I get the job we'll call you but you
don't have my number get the [ __ ] out ow
that wasn't very nice chives the next
one better be good cuz I don't know what
the hell that was well it is a public
application sir anyone can apply well
maybe it should be a little less public
who's the next one the next candidate's
name is Shrek Shrek yes the ogre guy yes
sir oh don't care I'm here for the job
interview of being a moneu well you're
definitely big so if someone tries to
shoot me you can take a bullet for me
and all that fat yes I can business
donkey my ass has gotten pretty fat from
all the cheesecake so I do have one
question business donkey how many snack
breaks do I get and how many bathroom
breaks do I get because you see I have
to [ __ ] for at least 6 hours of the day
you'll see my [ __ ] gets clogged and I
call it constipate so it takes about 6
hours for for me to break through the
barrier and release the demon from my
bows Mr business donkey and then I'm
going to need about uh about 4 hours to
sit there and think about it and recover
then I need another 3 hours to wipe but
also sometimes I do Let It crust so
guilty is charged on the crust so I
always [ __ ] but I don't always wipe so
sometimes pizza crust sometimes wipey
wipe but always shitty [ __ ] I'm sorry
the position has been filled it was nice
meeting you well darn it that's okay but
do you mind if I take a [ __ ] in your
bathroom before I leave no I'm sorry my
toilets have weight limits so please
leave all right see you later I'm going
to go home and have some serous
K did he just fly away by flapping his
arms he did Sir well [ __ ] the right
Brothers I guess who's next CH cuz these
candidates have not been good I'm sorry
sir the next candidate's name is Woody
Woody like when your winers hard no sir
like his name is Woody
chewy boy my name's Woody and I'm here
for the job interview o a sheriff it
would be nice to have someone with law
enforcement experience so if someone was
trying to kill me how would you protect
me well I'd see him coming from miles
away with my binoculars I usually use
these to hunt shrimpos and when I see
the Shrimpo I do the
call
shmp boy
that's enough hush we definitely call
you you're at the top of the list all
right good I'll see you later chives
what the [ __ ] these candidates suck
first you get me a clown then you give
me an ogre and now you got me a mental
patient where are all the good bodyguard
candidates I I'm sorry sir the next
candidate's name it's crush crush hell
yeah that sounds badass send a man I
hope he is oh look at this house man
it's like way up here dude I
cachu so like what's this even about man
cuz I'm looking and I'm seeing people
that are looking like I'm about to join
the [ __ ] men in black dude like shoot
some [ __ ] aliens and white people's
[ __ ] minds could be
righteous this is a bodyguard position
to protect my life so how would you save
me if someone was trying to kill me oh
all right so let me tell you what's
going to happen man like Spider-Man's
going to come down from the [ __ ] like
upside down dude and then Dr obtuse and
the green goober going to be going at it
and I'm going to be in the Batmobile hot
boxing that [ __ ] dude and then
Batman's going to be like where's my car
dude and Robin's going to be like
where's your car dude and then Batman's
going to be like it was just right here
dude and then Robin's going to be like
you got a tattoo and Batman's going to
be like what it say and Robin's gonna be
like where's your car dude but to be
honest with you man I don't really like
violence I prefer to like roll a fatty
and then just like talk to the dude
right like like about the stars and
stuff like the Little Dipper and the Big
Dipper and you know what's [ __ ] up man
you know what's really screwed up is
when some people are the Big Dipper and
some people are the Little Dipper dude
sometimes I feel like I'm the Little
Dipper dude and that's just not [ __ ]
cool dude like like sometimes I just
want to be the Big Dipper right are you
done we drug test I'm sorry [ __ ] man I
thought I totally had it I thought I was
going to be part of the men and black no
no Men In Black here chives please tell
me that all these other candidates were
just jokes and you actually have a real
legit candidate lined up well there is
one more candidate sir his name is Craig
and he called himself the devil oh the
devil that sounds scary that sounds like
he's a killer so where is he well he was
supposed to be here by now it is I the
devil please tell me he's going to hell
yep first class ticket well at least
it's first class and I don't have to sit
with the poor that's going to hell so
how would you protect me if someone was
trying to kill me I would just let them
kill you because how evil I'm supposed
to be a bodyguard but I'm going to let
you die well obviously you're not
getting the job you [ __ ] [ __ ] get
out of
here chives I need some fresh air drive
me around in my Lamborghini very well
sir all right daddy peep the fit that's
a hot dog costume Jeffy winner time what
winner time oh that's right Marvin I
forgot it's wiener Friday we have to eat
hot dogs weener Friday wouldn't it make
more sense of as weener Wednesday well
it used to be Marvin but now it's won
soup Wednesday okay well let's wait for
next Wednesday to be winner Wednesday
nope that's wheat bread Wednesday wheat
bread Wednesday wi Jeffy we don't have
any hot dogs hot dog B oh Marvin you
could go to the gas station and get hot
dogs that they have on those roller
things those are disgusting Jeffy will
eat them hot dog time winter time I'm
not going hot dog time win time Drive
hot dog time winner time hot dog time
winner time hot dog time winner time
okay fine I'll get you a goddamn hot dog
H dog
[Music]
to Chives where did you take me what is
this poor place this is the gas station
sir the car needs gas to move well why
don't I just put money in it well that's
what the gas is Sir well hurry up very
well sir oh come on damn thing what's
going on chives it says please see
cashier well go in there and see him I
can't you have to be the one to go in
there it's your card oh fine but if I go
in there and catch some poor disease I'm
going to be pissed hello thank you for
coming to the gas station what can I do
for you smells so poor in here wait what
are these things scratch offs you can
win money money you say uh excuse me
where are the hot dogs Marvin what are
you doing at the gas station you don't
have money for things well I was just
going to buy some hot dogs hot dogs so
you have money for hot dogs but you
don't have money for to pay your house
payment well my family they're just kind
of hungry well my bank account's hungry
for your house payment show me these hot
dogs okay here's the hot dogs ew poor
Marvin these hot dogs are just rolling
around on a table Yeah you you grab one
and eat it this is like some sort of hot
dog petting zoo you can come up and just
pet them you can even feed them ketchup
and mustard if you want to but but
listen I just need to grab a few you I
got to eat them you're going to eat this
Marvin how do you know a homeless man
didn't come in here and rub his dick all
over him I I don't know I don't know
that so you're willing to take that
gamble what Marvin Marvin how do you
know there's no cameras in here or
anything to see if a homeless man put
his dick on it listen it's wiener time
wiener time that is not a thing Marvin I
just need to grab a few cuz from Jeffy
and my my wife weer time you know what
Marvin let's go talk to the guy and see
how much these hot dogs are come on I
think they're like a dollar hey 91 how
much are the hot dogs rolling around on
the table over there $3 Marvin if you
pull out $3 right now you don't owe a
house payment I was going to use my
credit card that's still my money so no
sorry sir we're not buying anything
Marvin here gets a banana
congratulations and your family will
thank me because at least they won't
have to eat something that had a dick
all over it and if someone put the dick
on the banana at least they can pull the
peel back FR give me all the money in
the
register oh you look like you have money
give me your money now or you die
what what does that smell is that banana
I am allergic to
Banana Marvin you saved my life I didn't
do anything Marvin you know what I'm
going to do I'm going to hire you to be
my bodyguard so all you got to do is
just follow me around for 24 hours a day
7 days a week what I but I I got to get
home with no you're coming with me your
first mission is to watch me while I
sleep come on all I'm not going to steal
that Marvin's goddamn banana all right
Marvin you stand right there and you
watch me sleep and if anyone tries to
break into that window you kill them I
don't have a weapon well you Kate chop
that [ __ ] Marvin okay all right
CHS where's my milk right here sir oh
I'm sorry chives I didn't know my arms
were 30 [ __ ] feet
long I didn't know my arms were 29
[ __ ] feet
long good boy what chives did you shave
your pubes and put it in my milk yes you
drink it that's going to be your
dinner oh sorry my phone's ringing
Marvin part of the job is no phones you
better not answer that phone hello
Marvin you're supposed to let it go to
voicemail Marvin where are you the gas
station isn't that far away uh I got a
job at the gas station no Goodman was at
the gas station and he was hiring a
bodyguard so I have to watch him all
night that's weird Marvin weener time
Jeffy keeps saying wiener time wiener
time baby wiener time have to be Marvin
don't you talk dirty to your wife that's
gross baby I got to go bye Wier Time
Marvin that's crazy if that's how she
asked for it what is it wiener time all
this wiener time talks making me want
wiener time K wiener time right now me
good man yes you get under here okay
Marvin you watch the whole time you got
to make sure she doesn't kill me what I
I I don't want to watch this please look
into my eyes Marvin no no
[Music]
morgin did you fall asleep no I no I
didn't liar I sleep with my eyes open I
saw the whole thing listen can I go home
I've been up all night no Marg it's a
24-hour job you have to take me to the
bank but the bank for what I count my
money every morning so you have to take
me to the bank You're My Bodyguard oh
okay all right come on I'm so
tired all right Marvin you watch my back
while I count my money good morning Mr
Goodman how are you today rich as always
last night I gave my maid in Alabama hot
pocket my buddy Marvin here a watch
didn't you Marvin it was disgusting
Marvin don't be rude turn around and say
hi hi time to die Goodman Marvin I told
you to watch my back I turned my back
for literally 1 second I've been waiting
a long time for this oh well let me just
grab my Marvin hurry up and shoot him
shoot him stop say shoot him why are you
not shooting him move out of the way
Marvin you're fire all right time to die
what it didn't Morin hurry up in Jam
grate chop
him ouch oh my God my nose hurts oh now
it's fixed hold on before you kill me
how much are they paying you to kill me
$10,000
$10,000 I'll pay you $220,000 not to
kill me I'll pay you $30,000 to tell me
who hired you deal it was the gardener
The Gardener the Garder doesn't have
$10,000 maybe he has 10,000 pesos well
yeah that's what he was going to pay me
okay look I'll tell you what I'll pay
you 50,000 pesos not to Kill Me and You
Go Kill The Gardener deal oh sorry
Marvin but you're fired oh okay so uh
you ever heard of way th
[Music]