excuse me father I don't know if it is
of concern or if we should call an
ambulance but I palpated a hardened lump
behind my testicles could it be a
hardened [ __ ] hanging out of my anus
could be or could it be something of
cancerous nature maybe something we
should look into Marvin Marvin Marvin
you got a letter in the mail from who it
says to Marvin from a me why would you
write me a letter I didn't you said it
was from you no it's from a me yes from
you why would you write me a letter why
would you just tell me what you had to
say no it's not from you it's from me
you know what I'm just going to open it
it's right there I can fill it it says
Dear Marvin it's a me Lewis I'm a coming
to visit you all the way from a Brooklyn
I have so many stories to tell you can't
wait to see uh you Louis you're a
brother oh my God my twin brother Louis
is coming to visit me wait you have a
twin brother named Louis uhhuh Marvin
how have we've been married this long
and I didn't know you had a twin brother
Jeffy has an uncle I have a
brother-in-law last time I had Uncle he
made me blow leaves in your front yard
his dog's name was leaves re and he
recorded it the reason why I didn't tell
you about my twin brother Louis is
because he's way more successful than me
he has three Mansions wow what does he
do to have all that money well he was a
Ghostbuster I think oh my gosh he sounds
amazing no he's not amazing the only
cool thing he can do is jump really high
oh well that's pretty cool when's he
coming to visit it says PS be there
Saturday what day is it Saturday he's
coming today oh my God I don't want him
to think that I'm just some guy who sits
on the couch all day day with his shirt
and tie and his shoes on mhm Marvin
there's a way to fix that you're right I
go wear a costume and make it look like
I'm very successful and then lie to him
that's not what I meant thanks
baby okay I'm ready Marvin what are you
wearing uh my two jobs I'm a doctor and
an astronaut why are you holding your
stethoscope and a fake $100 bill because
since I'm an astronaut my stethoscope
can't fit around my neck and the $100
bills to show that I'm rich Marvin you
look ridiculous no I look rich and
successful wait d you're a doctor then
you can take a look at the lump hanging
out of my ass I'm not a real doctor
Jeffy oh so you're lying yes he is he's
in a costume it's Halloween I'm going to
go get my costume on well no no Jeff
don't put a c look what you did look
what I did maybe drop my fake $100 bill
oh so sorry would you like to wear a
costume so you look successful excuse me
I am fine with who I am but but BBE he's
gonna look at me as a as as a astronaut
doctor so maybe you could like put some
like a bikini on and like hold a
margarita or something
no oh my God that's him can you answerer
the door and just tell him like I'm on
my way back from space no God okay fine
I'll tell him I got back you forgot your
fake $100
bill okay Marvin you got this hello
Marvin my brother it's me Louis hi Louis
sorry it took me so long to answer the
door I was too busy doing some doctor's
appointments up in space cuz I'm an
astronaut doctor oh wow you sound so
successful you know Marvin I haven't
seen you in years since the last time we
played tennis or the last time we played
the golf or the last time we raced the
golf carts or the last time we raced
that blue Hedgehog in the Olympics yeah
we did do all those things but now I'm
just too busy because I'm too busy being
an astronaut that's super rich making
money well that's very good Marvin
whatever happened to that girlfriend you
had you called her like a princess a
plum or like a princess apricot oh yeah
that's my ex she cheated on me she wore
pink all the time but my new wife I met
her up in space she was an astronaut too
oh well that sounds like a match made in
heaven would you like to meet her I
can't wait to meet her let go it's Lou
time oh Marvin did you change your
costume what are you supposed to be like
a leprechaun or something what oh baby I
see you met my twin brother Louis he
went up the stairs really fast cuz he
can jump really high that's true
watch oh wow that's impressive okay
don't be too impressed that's the only
thing he can do he's scared of
everything else hi I'm [ __ ] Jeffy
Marvin who's of these I'm Elmo tickle my
tits
okay stop bothering them Jeffy Marvin
who of these grown man in the Elmo
costume in your house that's our son
your son is this grown man in an Elmo
costume yeah I'm [ __ ] we adopted him
from a family in need that their trailer
burnt down in a fire we were trying to
be nice and I'm I'm an astronaut doctor
so I help the community he's one of my
patients knock it after me you wouldn't
happen to be a doctor by chance because
I have this rather large hint hemorrhoid
protruding from my anus and it's sort of
a pain in my ass no but my brother
Marvin he used to have a game named
after him called Dr Marvin oh no he's
not a real doctor that's just his
Halloween costume so Louis how was your
flight here oh I didn't the fly I took
the pipes I finger paint with
poop hey hey hey as your lawyer I'm
going to have to butt in here cuz you
guys are getting dangerously close to
saying some stuff you're not allowed to
say you're on thin ice here okay his
name being Lewis that's funny him
wearing green that's funny him being
able to jump high that's funny you guys
playing tennis you guys riding go-karts
together that's fine cuz that's things
normal people do but his voice that's
kind of borderline and him coming here
on a pipe I think that's where I draw
the line cuz people don't do that
outside the thing you were not allowed
to talk about I used to do a crack okay
what you came here through a crack pipe
that doesn't make any sense I think you
came here on a plane okay well I flew
here with a yellow cape okay I don't
know enough about the games but uh I
don't think so I think plane is better
it turned me into a Tanuki no no no no
no that is a real animal but no that's
too close to the thing we're not allowed
to talk about let's just stick with you
came here in a plane okay so I'm going
to just I'm going to just listen to you
guys talk and every time you say
something borderline I'm going to blow
this air horn go ahead so how's your
wife doing oh princess a
DA princess a sunflower is doing great
she takes care of the whole
Kingdom and a bunch of eggs are hatching
from all the
oan from all the green the dinosaurs do
they have to be green they can be any
color M they eat the apples they say
their name okay dinosaurs don't talk so
uh is there anything you'd like to eat
are you hungry o I would love some
mushrooms uh well they don't own a food
so yeah you can eat mushrooms red
mushrooms with a white polka dot okay
now that is a real kind of mushroom but
I'm pretty sure those are poisonous so
you're definitely not eating them the
ones who with the smiley faces on them
absolutely not what is wrong with you I
want to eat the glowing flowers that
they given me powers no why would that
be okay green mushrooms with a white
polka dots and smiley faces Pizza you
like pizza that's what you're going to
eat Marvin order this man a pizza okay
I'll get a pizza hey I changed my outfit
into a Ninja Turtle because I'm [ __ ]
and also I have a turd hanging out of my
ass
I I jump on it no no no no no no no no
no stop it normal people don't do this
people named Louis do not jump on
Turtles all right here's your mushroom
thank you oh than than I don't know why
I'm saying thanks if you're not [ __ ]
do it I'm doing it here's your mushroom
pizza extra mushrooms but Marvin none of
these mushrooms are green or red with a
polka dots and there's a no smiley faces
yeah that's right cuz they're normal
mushrooms which is what normal people
eat you know the blue mushrooms make you
very small mini if you will no they
[ __ ] don't um so Louis while you're
here what would you like to go do maybe
we can go to the mall and get the hats
that match the color of our shirts with
our initials on them I think that's a
terrible idea you should not do that
that maybe we could go clothes shopping
for matching overalls no I think you
look just fine the way you are okay well
maybe we can go to an art museum jump
into the paintings and go to a new world
God damn it no that doesn't exist well
how about we go to Hawaii buy some hoses
and clean up all the goop the goop in
Hawaii okay you're starting to [ __ ]
piss me off Marvin what ever happened to
our evil clones wvin and W Le take a
[ __ ] walk go get out of here Marvin I
need to talk to you about him he is a
goddamn liability we are on our fourth
Channel Marvin I don't think we're going
to survive a fifth they're already
calling me pumpkin guy Marvin God knows
what they're going to call me next time
around I can't take it I genuinely
cannot take doing that again Marvin
please please talk some sense into him
okay I will maybe maybe he's going a
little too far yes okay so I talk to
Louis and he feels really bad okay thank
you all right Marvin I thought really
bad so I brought to my vacuum so I could
clean up at the whole place oh [ __ ] you
[ __ ] you so much
you know Marvin I used to use this
vacuum for my Ghostbuster job no you
didn't cuz that's not a real job oh yeah
I say that to my threee game three three
games about suck it see that Marvin
right there that's our ass is what that
is he just crossed the line what's that
I smell oh that's the ink on the cease
and deist letter being printed as we
speak boo
cocky go wait are you trying to shck me
through the sheets like my last no no no
God damn it Marvin well there it is he
[ __ ] us he justu [ __ ] us right there
they have all the evidence they need one
big Heap and pile of [ __ ] so they can
sue us to death Marvin there you go stop
them okay I'll talk Louis hey Louis
buddy yes listen you got to stop with
all these references you're going to get
us in trouble and you just got to go
Marvin what happened to your doctor and
Astronaut uniform oh well I took it off
when I got the pizza because you know
how am I going to eat with my astronaut
costume I mean I haven't ate all day I
was too busy in space and my doctor's
appointments cuz I'm an astronaut doctor
wait wait no no no no I am a doctor and
an astronaut you don't do [ __ ] you just
sit on your ass all day on your couch
with your shoes on like you're going
somewhere Marvin easy to True are you a
loser
yes make literally any other noise
please I just I just know you're so cool
with your three games three games morein
games in your mansion and you suck the
the jewelry and all the diamonds out of
the furniture we're [ __ ] and I just I
just know that you probably think that I
should be more successful cuz all the
games my name on stop saying games you
don't have games you're Marvin yeah and
so I just I just didn't want to be
player too [ __ ] come on man and I
just will you ever forgive me Marvin you
are my brother of course I forgive you
you all want to just get together and
play a game of Marvin party oh [ __ ] it
Marvin that's the last straw been nice
knowing you pack it up everybody cuz
they're going to shut us down so get
ready for that hey hey if you haven't
already hit the Subscribe button maybe
we can hit 10 million before they
finally shut us down for good [ __ ] it f
we're done don't say don't say that
pumpkin guy
[Music]