hey Daddy can I go outside and draw off
my chalk no Jeffy it's raining outside
it'll wash the chalk away but I want to
draw a chalk [ __ ] a what a [ __ ] outy
chalk no Jeffy well I mean a chicken
daddy oh with a dick Jeffy no you're not
going outside it's thunderstorming and
raining tell them baby yeah it's way too
rainy out Jeffy yeah look I'm going to
turn on the news and maybe they'll talk
about the
weather breaking news storms are Brewing
all across the country it's raining cats
and shrimpos out there let's go to the
weather girl now hey there so like it's
raining and storming today so don't go
outside otherwise you'll get soaking wet
like this oh my God
yes I don't think she's a really good
weather person I think they should fire
her oh no no no no she's doing her job
right like she really knows the weather
like she really knows it Marvin if you
think she's pretty just say it I don't
think she's pretty obviously she's
attractive they're not going to put
someone ugly on the news well why don't
you just marry her
then Daddy when it's raining outside is
it because the clowns are sad and
they're crying cuz that makes me
sad why is everyone
crying the Sone at the door shut up shut
up hello hey there whoa you're soaking
wet yeah I'm like a college girl around
Justin Bieber I don't know I don't know
who they like anymore I'm cold and wet
why are you so cold and wet it's pissing
out there oh well why are you out there
during the rain well just because it's
raining doesn't mean I sto being a cop
you know people actually commit more
crimes in the rain cuz they think cops
aren't going to do anything but no I
still got to pull them over and that's
why I'm so wet they get to just sit in
their car and I have to stand there in
the rain writing and there's also been a
lot of drownings drownings yeah people
like to stare up at the sky with their
mouth open like a turkey until they
drown why do they do that I don't know
they're [ __ ] stupid I got to go
around and close their mouth for them so
I've been doing that oh well what are
you doing here well I figured since I
was over here maybe I could come in and
use your shower and drive my clothes oh
my shower what yeah who the [ __ ] else's
shower would I be talking about why did
you answer like we haven't been talking
this whole time oh I was just confused
at the the shower question okay can I
come in or not uh I mean I uh look if
you don't want me to come in that's fine
I can go back to my car and get
pneumonia no no no no no you can just
just uh just just shake like a dog real
quick is that better yeah okay okay hey
I'm going to take just a minute to tell
you about a freedom play mobile game
where you can create your very own
dragon Empire Dragon City lucky for us
they also sponsored this video Dragon
City is an epic experience where you can
collect hatch and evolve over a thousand
dragons show your support for the SML
Channel by following the QR code or the
link in the description to get your very
own SML collectible and show it off on
your Island dive into quests unlock
powerful skills and join forces with
over 450 million players in a community
where Legends are made build your dream
City with magical habitats and and
awesome decorations test your dragons in
Epic Battles climb the leaderboard and
show off your dragon Mastery at now and
get 15,000 food 30,000 gold and the Epic
oie Dragon and the SML decoration
instantly go check out Dragon City now
who's at the door Marvin the weather
girl why would the weather girl be at
the door because you love her and she's
your girlfriend and you want to have her
babies it was a cop wait why is a cop
here because he got wet from the rain
and he wanted to use our shower that's a
lie Marvin it was the weather girl and
you know it hey there I take really
quick showers wait is that my bathrobe
yeah it's really nice and I didn't have
any other clothes to change into also
whoever's loofah that was in the shower
I really hope you don't wash the inside
of your ass with it cuz I washed my face
and now I'm worried why would you wash
your face with someone else's loofah
well it was in there and you offered the
shower so I just assumed it was new no
it's not a hotel we don't have new stuff
for you to use well I used it well now I
got to throw it away no you don't I
don't wash my ass what no I don't wash
my ass what's the point it's just going
to get dirty anyway that's why I have
toilet paper I agree e okay listen are
you ready to go back on duty can you go
back on your cop job well I need
somebody to dry my clothes let me go get
them here you go Blondie dry it what am
I supposed to do with this put it in the
dryer you're the wizard why don't you
dry it what are you insane I don't know
how to use a dryer I don't do my own
laundry I don't even know how to wash my
own ass wait you're wearing my bath robe
with the dirty ass yeah I've been
scratching it it's been pretty itchy
from how dirty it is no I have to throw
that away too no you don't I'll take it
I'll just dry your shirt so what have
you boys been up to just watching the
news and the weather oh have you seen
the new weather girl oh she's so hot
right oh I got to stop talking about her
I'm only wearing a bathrobe here I don't
want to look like a like um like a thing
that wears a bathrobe with its dick out
like uh like like Winnie the Pooh
wearing a bathrobe or the Washington
Monument wearing a bathrobe but it's
smaller and also it's a
penis so uh weather girl's hot right
Marvin oh yeah yeah yeah so would you
bang her what would you bang the weather
girl oh yeah come on Marvin you'd bang
the weather girl right yeah well I want
to hear you say the words I would bang
the weather girl come on
U yeah yeah yeah I would bang the
weather girl I knew it oh oh no B
[ __ ] no no he got me to say he just
said it too oh Marvin I would never I am
a happily married man see that's a man
oh [ __ ] no no you got you made me
say that no you were just dying to say
it I could tell
no oh great the power went
out hold on stop screaming I'm looking
for a flashlight hold on I have a candle
there you go where did you get a candle
from well I knew I was going to be
taking a bath at your house so I brought
it with me I thought you took a shower
no it was a bath what about the L from
the shower I brought it into the bath
well look you're an electrician can you
fix our lights no I didn't bring my
electrician outfit with me that doesn't
make any sense you can still fix the
lights you don't understand how it works
Marvin the skill is in the outfit okay I
don't know how to be a doctor unless I'm
wearing my doctor outfit I'm not a cop
unless I'm wearing my cop outfit that
doesn't make any sense well that's just
how it works okay well you're wearing a
bath robe what do you know how to do
with that comfort and wait wait what's
that I finally know how to wash my ass
oh my God it's so simple how could I
have been so blind you just take a bar
of soap and you put it between your ass
cheeks and you swipe it one time like a
credit card I mean I I would do it a
little bit swipe it a few more times no
no that's how you do it well look can
you help us fix the lights no no I can't
but I do have a story that could help so
this one time when I was 13 years old
there was this thunderstorm and the
power went out at my house and I just
sat there in the dark for what felt like
hours and hours just waiting for the
power to come back on and after a while
I started to wonder if the power was
ever going to come back on and then
eventually it did it just came right
back on like
magic what was the point in that story
well you were asking if there was
anything we can do and I was just saying
that eventually if we wait long enough
the lights will fix themselves lights
don't fix themselves the electricity
company fixes them well then call them
you're an electrician I don't have the
clothes morvin I don't have the clothes
okay well then what makes the power go
out first M probably lightning okay
McQueen what Lightning McQueen he
controls the lightning McQueen's not a
real person yes he is Marvin he's won
seven piston cups he did what Miss cup
he's a cartoon character no he's not
Marvin he's real I used to be his agent
I got him the sponsorship with rusties I
couldn't land dinoo though no that went
to Chick Hicks kachuga okay what even if
light M que was a real person how can he
fix the lights because he is speed
Marvin he's very fast look I'll call him
he'll fix this okay I'm calling him
kachow hey there Lightning McQueen baby
it's me kachow yeah yeah how's
retirement going kachow
yeah yeah I imagine nothing's quite as
exciting as racing other cars with faces
on them Kow yeah so what happened to
that Porsche girlfriend you had in the
first Cars movie it seemed like they
kind of forgot about her in the third
one cow yeah you know I hate when they
do that like in the Transformers movies
when Megan Fox left it was just like she
broke up with them it's like they saved
the world together what could have gone
wrong in their relationship that was
worse than that kachow yeah oh hey by
the way I hear they're making a fifth
Toy Story movie can you tell me the plot
of that I mean I thought the last one
ended perfectly so I really see the
point kachow oh yeah yeah I get it you
signed an NDA you can't talk about it I
understand anyway the reason I'm calling
is that the power's out where I am and I
was just wondering since you control the
lightning maybe you could fix that for
us Kow oh really you're you're you're
just an animated character from a Pixar
movie kachow oh you're not real and I'm
not actually talking to anybody and I'm
just losing my [ __ ] mind are you okay
I I don't know I I'm going to go get
some water I don't feel good I need some
water let me see if there are any cups
in here no no cups
[Music]
Stanley Cups I don't want to get lead
poisoning K what what the [ __ ] was that
hello is somebody there Kow hello who
who is that Kow Lightning McQueen is
that
you
Kow somebody help
me I speed ah Marvin help me what's
wrong I saw Lightning McQueen in your
kitchen no you didn't Lightning
McQueen's not real you said he's an
animated character I know but that I saw
him down there when I was getting water
and I think he's trying to eat me he's
so scary Marvin a car with a face it
doesn't make any sense how did they use
the bathroom how do they eat how do they
decide what gender they are how do they
even reproduce and what happens when
they die Marvin why do they even die why
don't they just get new parts and what
about planes why was planes not made by
Pixar I saw a helicopter and cars is
that not in the same universe as planes
where are the cars and planes Marvin I
don't want to watch planes but I want to
know about the car situation k
k what happened oh he's awake are you
okay buddy yeah I'm fine but what
happened why am I in the hospital well
doctor well I guess you're not a doctor
cuz you're not in your uniform and I
guess you're a patient yeah that's right
but what happened well you were
suffering from hypothermia well how did
I get hypothermia standing outside in
the cold rain oh yeah that's right my
cop job I was giving a guy a speeding
ticket and I was standing outside for a
long time yeah and then you rang my
doorbell and then when I opened the
front door you were laying on the ground
shaking cold talking about Lightning
McQueen oh yeah my dream see I had a
dream that your power went out and I
called Lightning McQueen to fix it and
then I saw him in your kitchen yeah well
hypothermia can cause hallucinations
yeah and in my dream the weather girl
was really hot oh that's not a dream the
weather girl is still really hot in real
life oh would you bang her though yeah
would you yeah yeah say you'd bang her I
I I just said I would bang her no I want
to hear you say the sentence that you
would bang the weather girl come on say
it yeah you got to say it otherwise how
do we know you mean it okay you want me
to say that the whole sentence yeah the
whole thing come
on I mean yeah yeah I I would bang the
weather girl I knew it oh [ __ ] yeah
we got him up top St hell yeah see I
knew it would work because I saw it in
my dream baby I didn't mean
it baby I didn't mean it I promise I
didn't mean it you said you would bang
the weather girl because she's hotter
than me no no no no no that's not what I
said I said i' I'd bang her with a back
like if she tried to kiss me I'd be like
I'm married you get away from me so
Marvin you wouldn't hook up with the
weather girl she doesn't want a guy like
me
everybody Smack That [ __ ] thanks again
to Dragon City for sponsoring this video
don't forget to grab your limited time
offer by clicking the link in the
description get the SML decoration
instantly plus 15,000 food 30,000 gold
and the Epic OB Dragon to kick start
your adventure but hurry it's a limited
time offer
[Music]
m