so guys what do you want to do tonight
you guys want to watch RuPaul's Drag
Race oh my God yes oh dude is it like
Fast and Furious I love racing movies
yeah I want to watch a drag race movie
no it's a fashion show about drag queens
it's men who dress up like women oh dude
I'm out I didn't sign up for this uh
Joseph you said you needed help with
that thing I'm coming Junior come sit
back down yeah don't worry Junior you're
going to love it drag race let try ass
Rupa drag wi you're Trad ass hello
welcome to Rupa drag race it's me
RuPaul we're down to our grand finale in
the last two contestants let's meet them
our first contestant is Dixie Tucker
where is she tucking it I wonder our
second contestant is Tasha salad oh my
God my favorite dressing is ballic or
ball sucket i o I don't know who should
Win Dixie or Tasha I hope Tasha wins she
was the underdog this season who do you
think's going to win Junior huh who do
you think is hot those are dudes right
well yeah who do you think is going to
win uh win what what the competition
which one do you think's the better
woman I I don't how do I don't know yet
okay well I'll ask you after they do
their thing now these two lovely ladies
are going to have a dance off to see
who's going to be crowned the next drag
Superstar come on ladies
[Music]
dance I've seen enough oh RuPaul has
made her decision the next drag
Superstar
[Music]
is oh
my Tasha salad you are a true dra
Superstar oh you deserve
it Dixie Tucker sachche
away oh my God I can't believe I won hey
Tasha won oh my God yes Junior do you
think she deserved it yeah was she hot
enough to win that's a dude though right
yeah we told you it was but is she hot
though uh she's uh not a come on Junior
you can say it yeah we're not going to
make fun of you um I I don't Junior if
you think she's hot just say so it's
okay Junior it's just between us who are
we going to tell I mean she I
gay oh my God Junior why don't you go
marry her what we told you she was a
dude I'm going to go tell shipi don't
shipi youday cookut on
brownies brownies sh shipi shipi what
what what junior junior junior yes yes
yes we were watching rupal's drag race
and there's this drag queen named Tasha
salad and Junior said she was hot W it's
not true chef peip gay boy you a gay boy
boy no no no no I just said she was I no
you like boy booty n booty boot no no I
was just saying cuz I didn't want to be
homophobic nah you just a booty
[Applause]
diver I hate you guys relax Junior was
just yanking your crank Junior you don't
have to cry about it but you guys baited
me into thinking that guy was hot it's
okay I'm gay I wish I had a TV show like
RuPaul what would your TV show be about
I don't know like giving makeovers to
homeless people or something oh that's a
great idea really yeah we could call it
extreme homeless makeover oh my God I
love that name why would you give a
homeless person a makeover they're just
going to end up being stinky again well
Junior they need makeovers more than
anybody that's why they can't get jobs
cuz they're so dirty and stinky but if
we give them a makeover they could
actually pass a job interview do you
think we could record it and upload on
YouTube and get millions of views and
make millions of dollars Junior I think
we can help homeless people we would be
helping the homeless people because we'd
be giving them a makeover in return we
get views and money well I kind of just
wanted to do it to help the homeless
people Cody I don't think you guys are
understanding me we're going to be
helping the homeless people but we're
going to be making some profit by doing
it Junior I don't think we should profit
off of homeless people well listen we
have to make a profit somehow everyone
makes money in this world there's a
business and doing things and listen
guys we're going to do it okay let's
start doing it okay but how are we going
to do that we're just kids I have camera
crew wow you read my mind I have a
camera I'll record you guys giveing the
homeless guy a makeover and I'll upload
it I'll manage the channel and the money
and everything else okay oh well okay
that sounds good I'm going to grab my
camera let's go find a homeless guy okay
guys guys guys there's a smelly bum
right here junior don't call him that
okay I'm recording oh hi everyone
welcome to TV Welcome to My Crib it's
this cardboard box made a cardboard uh
Mr homeless guy you're on camera we are
doing a makeover show oh hi Mom sorry
Dad um can we give you a makeover so
that you can make money and get a job I
pooped in my bres which is why we're
going to give you a
makeover my butt's itchy you going to
wipe me lady we're going to give you a
makeover come on let's go stinky okay Mr
homeless guy sit down over here why
didn't you guys put a towel before he
sat down now my couch is going to smell
bad Junior don't say that this whole
thing is stupid what's wrong Junior
we're doing this whole thing wrong Cody
well what's wrong about it the homeless
guy hasn't cried yet well why would he
cry because he's supposed to be so
grateful we're going to give him a
makeover he starts balling his eyes out
that's what people on YouTube want to
see someone being grateful and crying
when Mr Beast gives out a car they cry
well we're not giving him a car we're
just offering him a makeover and as far
as he knows we might be lying this whole
thing's dumb is someone going to wipe my
stinky ass or what oh my God he's
missing an ear oh and he smells like
 see that that that's what you got
to say on camera people got to feel bad
for him from being so gross but Junior
that's mean look we're going to restart
and do it my way so look we're going to
say that we found the homeless guy and
we brought him on the couch go oh hi
everyone uh so we found this homeless
guy outside and we brought him inside to
give him a makeover Cody's going to go
and clean him up what me why me yeah
Cody go on outside and hose him down
hose him down that's not going to be a
good look for the channel why don't we
just let him take a shower we're not
letting that gross piece of in my
bathroom he's going to make my bathroom
smell bad well Junior I hope you know
you can't keep any of this in the video
I'll edit it out look go outside and
hose them down and I penel say we'll cut
to these messages uh we we'll cut after
these messages all Go hose them down
Cody my butt's squishy come on okay
we're back I'm
back take a b tun some shady well he
looks a lot better yeah I tried to clean
all the dirt and off of him the
best I could with just the hose and no
soap he still hasn't cried no Mr
homeless guy can you please cry for us I
haven't cried since my friend chuckles's
squirrel died well can you think back to
when Chuckles the squirrel died and cry
who's Chuckles the squirrel you just
said he's your friend that died huh I
don't know what you're talking about
listen we need you to cry so if you cry
I'll give you a Chalupa from Taco Bell I
want a chalupe no don't cry yet you have
to cry after Penelope talks to you then
you get the chalupa all right and go
Junior I don't think this is a good idea
do it okay Mr homeless guy you just had
your bath how do you feel W give me a
chalupa no you don't mention the the
chalupa yet listen after you say you're
happy about your bath that's when you
get your chalupa I say that and I get a
chalupa yes in my mouth Yes sour cream
there is sour cream on all right go all
right Mr homeless man you just had your
bath how do you feel no hey back off you
don't get the chalupa yet I want a
chalupa you don't get the chalupa until
you say you're happy about your bath
where I'm happy give me a chalupa chalup
chy man okay have it junior he just
called you chalupy man aren't people
going to wonder what that's about well
name the channel Chalopy man no Junior
Cody and I already named it it's extreme
homeless makeover I guess you can have
your chalupa out listen I'm doing what's
best for the channel look now give him
his full makeover so we can cut to the
end and he can look all nice okay okay
you enjoy that
chalupa all right Junior I'm all done
all right guys say it with me move that
box t
oh wow he looks so good tell us what you
did to make him look good okay so I
shaved his beard and I put that hair on
top of his head to cover up his bald
spot and then I brushed his teeth and I
put some blush on his cheeks to give him
color and then I put him in a suit so
how are you feeling homeless man I feel
good all right looks like we did a good
job so guys if you want to see us take
care of more homeless people and give
them makeovers subscribe to our Channel
and give us a bunch of money the end all
right Cody you can throw them back on
the Street we're done we can't just
throw him back onto the street we used
him for what we needed we we gave him a
makeover and we gave him a chalupa so he
can leave now well I guess he does look
better so please escort the homeless guy
out of the house okay come on I love you
chalup man I'll never forget you all
right out you go I hope you have a good
life I love you sorry buddy I want
another Chalopy so did you let stinky
back out in the wild yeah I did oh well
I'm about to edit the video so we can be
millionaires you're going to have to do
a lot of damn editing you said some
terrible things but they were all true
we're only going to have like 2 minutes
of usable footage the
news breaking news UK billionaire and
owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars Shahed
Khan has been kidnapped and a ransom
note was found at his house cops are
investigating now hey that kind of looks
like the homeless guy yeah it does
doesn't it uh guys what uh don't be mad
but I wasn't recording Junior are you
Kidd kid me I thought I pressed the
recording button but I guess I was just
holding the camera Junior you had one
job I thought I pressed the record
button I'm sorry guys look we can always
go find another homeless guy well to
make us all feel better we did do it for
free we helped the homeless guy but I
only wanted to do it if we were going to
make money Cody
Chalopy someone give me a
Chalopy Chalopy
car oh my God Mr Shahed Khan is that you
we've been looking all over for you I
want a Chalopy oh of course you must be
starving those kidnappers probably
didn't feed you just get in the car sir
we'll get you somewhere safe can I have
some chalupas yeah yeah we'll get you a
lot of chalupas come on Junior we're not
finding another homeless guy we have to
go do it again because we need the
footage to make money we have to make a
profit Oh look The News
again breaking news billionaire Shahed
Khan has been found walking around the
streets asking for chalupas police say
he's a little disoriented but he is now
at home recovering oh great the
billionaire safe when there's millions
of starving people in the world what do
you think the homeless guy is doing
right now he's not doing as good as that
billionaire is oh my God you're so sexy
and Rich and hot and Rich money chupies
well I'm really glad we got you home
safe sir I guess now we can rip up this
Ransom note now that we don't have to
pay all that money
[Music]
go