hold still Danny hold still Danny I said
hold still I've been holding still and
done it's a masterpiece I present to you
Daddy RH a Jeffy that's such a good
drawing of Marvin I mean it's a good
drawing of my face not really my body I
will now draw Mommy's face on his silver
bag gorilla making sweet love to a
squirrel Marvin look the news
breaking news the police station is
looking for a sketch artist and is
willing to pay
$250,000 a year so if you're good at
drawing come down to the police
department
$250,000 a year to draw pictures Marvin
Jeffy could do that job he's great at
drawing people um sorry to interrupt
mommy but if you were to have a winner
how big would it be what actually I
should probably draw a Silverback
gorillas winner to keep the theme going
I wonder how big they are should I
Google it I'mma Google it Jeffy do you
want to draw pictures for the cops for
$250,000 a year that's crazy I know it's
so much money just to draw pictures a
silver back gorilla's wieners is only 3
to 6 cm long that means my wiener is
barely bigger than the Silverback
gorillas because I clocked mine at 6 and
1 12 CM Jeffy huh look do you want to
draw pictures for the cops what kind of
pictures all you'd have to do is draw
pictures of people without animal bodies
just normal people and they'll pay you
$250,000 a year all right Daddy but
first let me add the 3 to 6 cm hog to
this gorilla no no Hogs Jeffy listen I
need you to draw a picture of just me so
we can show the cops how good you are
okay Daddy but this squirrel was about
to get the business all right look just
draw a normal picture of me with my
clothes on okay all right daddy squirrel
humping or no squirrel hump no squirrel
humping just a picture of
me and
done what do you think about that Daddy
pretty lame if you ask me I could you
giving you some utters or sto that looks
so good Jeffy yes Jeffy this is exactly
what the cops are going to want you to
draw every single time every time yeah
just normal people no animals just like
that just like this just like that okay
I got it Daddy locked in my brain all
right let's go down to the cop office
and show them that drawing the police
station that that's what I said no you
said cop office cop office police
station it's the same thing look let's
go down to the police station and show
them the drawing come
on so uh this is my drawing of a bad guy
what do you think it's pretty good right
it's crap oh man oh God these people
suck next person Jeffy get in here I'm
nervous Jeffy come on all right Mr Chief
this is my son Jeffy he's really good at
drawing look at the drawing he did of me
well that's pretty good he even colors
him too that'll come in handy okay he's
hired wait he's hired already yeah we're
pretty desperate for sketch artists
Jeffy you got the job yay so when does
he start right now oh oh wow well all
right Jeffy just do your job and come
home when you're done all right NY all
right Jeffy sit right there and use this
sketch pad to draw the suspect based on
the victim's description send in the
victims okay Jeffy I have the first
first victim here ma'am tell him what
happened all right I'm ready well there
was a man with a big old cowboy hat on
and he lasso Me Up Tied me to the train
track so the train would run me over and
kill me cowboy hat huh yes a big cowboy
hat all right I think I got him is this
your man oh well he has the cowboy hat
on I I guess that's him ma'am if you're
telling me that's who attacked you I
know where that guy is I can arrest him
yes that's him okay I'll go get him baby
Jeffy got the job he did yes the police
chief loved jeffy's drawing of me that's
amazing Marvin I know I love that Jeffy
actually got a job that's something he's
good at and he's going to make a lot of
money let's just hope Jeffy doesn't mess
this up free Marvin you're under arrest
for what for attempted murder and
kidnapping what are you talking about oh
don't pretend like you didn't just tie a
woman to railroad tracks like you're in
some kind of western movie I didn't yeah
well we have all the proof we need let's
let the judge decide Marvin how could
you order order order order order today
we will be hearing the case of a most
brutal crime Marvin you are being
accused of lassoing a woman like a
cowboy tying her up and then placing her
on the railroad tracks in hope that she
would be run over by its train how do
you bad not guilty not guilty you say
very interesting well I suppose I'll let
you go if you can explain this this
drawing that are professional and very
overpaid sketch artist made of the
suspect based on the victim's
description ion H explain it that's a
drawing my son made he's the police
sketch artist and he made a mistake and
Drew me well Marvin based on this sketch
looking exactly like you and there being
no other evidence brought into court
today I have no choice but to find you
guilty and sentence you to 30 days in
the county
jail and boom goes the dynamite guilty
but I didn't do anything I didn't do it
I didn't do it let go get in there you
please let me out I didn't do anything
wrong yeah yeah I hear that all the time
I'm not guilty you saw that sketch it
was spot on it looked just like you
listen my son is a sketch artist and he
accidentally drew a picture of me no no
no your son knows he'd get fired if he
drew a sketch of the wrong person he
should be fired he drew me look just
because your son tattle tailed on you
doesn't mean you're getting out of this
listen please I don't want to be in
prison no you should just do your 30
days and be happy that you only got 30
days for trying to kill a lady with a
train that's brutal I did not do that
look don't do the crime if you can't do
the time the time is what you should
think about before you do the crime
crime doing equals time doing hard
crimes gets you hard times the the time
is what happens when you do crime don't
don't do the crime because you should
think about the time before you do the
the crime okay look I'm just going to go
no please let me out of here I can't
spend 30 days in here all right Jeffy
good job on that last one here's your
next victim ma'am tell them what
happened so I were cleaning the house
with Windex but when I go to grab the
Windex I realize we are out of Windex so
I go downstairs to grab some lemon PL
and then I see this man climbing through
the window with a th hat and he trying
to steal things and shut him in his F
Santa Claus hat huh see see Santa Claus
hat and a big sack yeah see see all
right I think I got him is this your man
see see that's my mom with oh no not
Marvin again G
how was your 30 days in jail Marvin I
was false in prison well the judge
convicted you so obviously there was
enough evidence no baby listen jeffy's a
sketch artist and for some reason he
drew a picture of me wearing a cowboy
hat and they arrested me based on
jeffy's Photo oh no Marvin we have to
fix that so it doesn't happen again
you're right I'm going to call the cops
and explain what happened freeze morvin
you're exactly who I want to talk to
you're under arrest for what don't
pretend like you didn't impersonate
Santa Claus and break into someone's
house and try to be the Grinch what
don't what me mister you're going to
jail Marvin got you order order order
order order Marvin I am very
disappointed to see your face in my
courtroom again did those 30 days teach
you nothing I didn't do anything well
we'll see about that won't we you are
being accused of breaking into a house
dressed like Santa Claus and instead of
leaving jolly good gifts for the little
boys and girls girls stealing their
valuables how do you plea against this
grinching not guilty very cute too bad I
have this a drawing of you dressed like
Santa Claus based on the victim's
description 60 days in the county jail
60 days come on I didn't do anything no
have fun in there listen I didn't do
anything I promise oh you promise yes oh
well in that case I guess I'll let you
out wait really no you idiot I'm not
stupid I have a GED I wasn't born
yesterday look I don't want to spend 2
months in jail okay Jeffy you've been
doing a great job so far thanks okay
here's your next victim tell them what
happened dolphin well I was just riding
my Harley and then I pulled into a gas
station to get some Hubba Bubba chewing
gum and some white powdered Donuts cuz I
really like those and I left my keys and
my Harley because I didn't think anyone
had the balls to try to steal it from me
but then I look out the window and I see
this guy wearing sunglasses and he
jumped on my Harley and just drove off
with it I didn't really get a chance to
see what he looked like just him oh yeah
that definitely him I know those
sunglasses anywhere a damn it kill me
Marvin you deserve those 60 days in jail
if you really did try to impersonate
Santa Claus just to steal baby are you
kidding me I'm not actually doing these
crimes I've been next to you the whole
time it's because jeffy's a sketch
artist and he keeps drawing me as all
these criminals and it's the only
evidence the judge has so he keeps
arresting me oh no Marvin we have to fix
that in case it happens again I know so
if they keep arresting me then you got
to tell them it's Jeffy doing fake
drawings free Marvin you're under arrest
what what for stealing a dolphin's
motorcycle what well you did it Marvin
how could you order order order order
order Marv why am I seeing your face in
my courtroom again did 60 days in jail
not teach you your lesson what do I have
to do to rehabilitate you I didn't do it
I didn't do it I didn't do it I didn't
do it marvu sound like a broken record
if you did not do it then explain this
that's a drawing my son did he keeps
drawing Me Marvin this is the face of a
hardened criminal someone with no
remorse look at you with your
sunglasses you must think you're a real
cool dude especially because you stole a
motorcycle from a dolphin you did it on
purpose why would a dolphin be driving a
motorcycle I don't know Marvin it's not
my job to understand sea animals and
their means of transportation it is my
job to convict criminals like you and
you've been on quite a Crim spree lately
so based on this drawing and the
complete lack of remorse on his face I
sentence you to 90 days in jail and for
every crime you commit from now on we
will increase your sentence by 6 months
to hopefully teach you a lesson go 90
days I can't do it I can't do it how can
you convict over a drawing you must
really like it in here listen I really
don't I have one question for you okay
you're falsely imprisoning me so that
means the real people that are doing
those crimes are out there causing more
crimes oh I have a feeling that the real
criminal is right here in the cell
that's you you you're my little criminal
yes you are hey no
biting I hated in here okay Jeffy here's
your next victim ma'am tell him what
happened well I didn't see what the guy
looked like but here's what happened I
was walking to the grocery store to buy
tampons heavy flow and then all of a
sudden this man walked up to me and he
smacked me in the face with a chicken
and he stole my purse hold it right
there ma'am is this him oh oh yeah I
mean I didn't see what he looked like
but that rubber chicken is very familiar
oh no hey Marvin did you enjoy those 90
days in jail Marvin it was a lonely 3
months for me listen I was the one that
was in jail for 3 months I'm the one
that was lonely I'm looking out for the
cops I don't have much time cuz they're
going to arrest me again I just know it
listen this is what I want you to do go
to the police station and just tell
Jeffy to stop drawing please just time
to stop barbin you're under arrest no
let me finish explaining to her no no no
you beat a woman with a rubber chicken
and you stole the purse what come on go
go to go to the police station please
Marvin you monster Marvin Marvin Marvin
Marvin Marvin Marvin Marvin Marvin
Marvin
Marvin oh Marvin poor
Marvin
Marvin
Marvin
Marvin oh
Marvin Marvin what really Marvin a salt
with a rubber chicken
to steal a woman's
purse I just don't know what to do with
you Marvin I gave you 30 days in jail it
was a cakewalk 60 days H big whoop 90
days that's a week in Marvin's World let
me ask you a question Marvin do you
enjoy jail do you have a good time in
jail is jail fun let me check hold on
Marvin let me see how jail is give me a
second here oh I'm Marvin I love being
in jail jail is so much fun I wish I can
stay here forever is that you Marvin is
that what you say in jail to all of your
jail buddies answer me Marvin answer me
what I'm speaking to you no I don't like
jail could have fooled me Marvin could
have fooled
me you know what Marvin I'm going to
drop the ball one year in jail no make
it two then it doesn't matter it's all
the same to Marvin he loves jail you
know what Marvin I'm going to do a
little reverse psychology here 10
minutes in jail because apparently you
love it so much that being there is a
reward but I better not see you back in
my courtroom again 10 minutes only 10
minutes come on thank you I'm not even
going to close the door I'm not going to
lock it I think you get off on that you
sick freak
what 10 minutes I can leave okay Jeffy
I'm really mad about this one somebody
robbed my wife honey tell them what
happened okay there was a little redhead
girl who was selling Girl Scout cookies
so I gave her $100 and she ran away with
my change and didn't give me my
cookies I'm sorry were you saying
something yes there was a girl scout oh
I think I got that part is this her yes
yes that's her I recognize the best and
my cookies oh Marvin baby that was only
10 minutes Marvin please oh no come on
that's come on stealing Girl
Scout cookies that's horrible
oh uh judge are you
okay I think he's really mad yeah I
think
so Marvin here we are again Marvin is me
and you another crime you're guilty
another drawing it's you see Marin I
just couldn't figure you out but now I
think I finally have it wasn't jail that
you loved so much it was me you're in
love with me that's why you keep doing
these crimes so that you can come here
and see me well Marvin since you're in
love with me I can no longer preside
over your trials so my final sentence to
you is a life sentence I am sending you
to alcatra Island yes that's right
Marvin we opened it up just for you your
own little playground where you can do
your crimes away from civilized society
and if you try to escape there are shark
infested waters so you will spend the
rest of your life at Alcatraz I will
give you 5 minutes to say goodbye to
your family BFF go with him oh life
sentence let's go say bye to your family
all right make it quick that was fast
Marvin yeah not really he's going to be
spending the rest of his life on
Alcatraz whereas we're going to call it
Marvin TR what listen baby there's one
favor I need from you just one he's in
love with the judge all right everyone
just shush please everyone just listen
to me please all right you know my son
Jeffy was hired as the new sketch artist
at the cop office cop office police
station oh yeah yeah he's pretty good
all right do you notice that all of his
drawings look like me well yeah cuz you
did all the crimes no no I didn't listen
please just do me one favor I'll go to
Alat for the rest of my life just do me
one favor go up to Jeffy and describe a
criminal that looks nothing like me like
different skin color completely
different looks and see what the drawing
looks like H okay I'll try it okay Jeffy
this time I'm going to describe someone
to you and I need you to draw them all
right what do you got for me why why
have you already started drawing I
haven't described them yet keep going
okay well he's a really large black man
with one eye and he's in a wheelchair
and he has 11 scars on his face all
right I think I got him this him oh no
oh no no no no no well well well Marvin
if it appears there's been a huge
misunderstanding and to make up for all
of that jail time where you were falsely
imprisoned we are willing to offer you
this small chocolate Frosty from Wendy's
it was going to be my lunch but I am now
offering it to you here take it go on
take it before I change my mind all I
get is a frosty well I suppose I'll eat
it myself then court
adjourned Marvin I'm so sorry that
happened to you you yeah Marvin I feel
really bad I probably should have put
that together like how are you doing
those crimes if you were already in jail
I'm not apologizing is 100% your fault
what because you said to make every
drawing look just like this and I
clarified I said just like this and you
said just like that and you said every
time so every time I made the drawing
look just like this this is your fault
you did say that Marvin oh I'm so sorry
I forgot jeffy's an idiot come give me a
hug Jeffy I'll forgive you really ni
yeah come here come here ow ow hey no
hitting no hit stop it ow I should
probably arrest you for that he's 18
okay say
[Music]