all right crafts today we're going to be
doing wood shop so with the very
dangerous and high-powered tools on your
desk you're going to be making a wooden
sculpture oh man this hammer's so cool
whoa isn't this kind of dangerous
awesome hey cody tag you're in joseph
get away from me you're going to poke my
eye out with that thing dude it's what
i'm trying to do you know what oh yeah
teacher what are we supposed to make
anything you want see i made a birdhouse
so get started crafts okay teacher
jones they put cody down but he's having
fun put him down all right dude
oh god i'm gonna throw up cody are you
okay
ah dude stop being a baby i gave you a
roller coaster ride yeah cody what are
you gonna make out of wood i don't know
probably a unicorn gay well what are you
gonna make oh a shark
straight i know what about you junior
what are you making i think i want to
make a dinosaur
why did i only get tape and scissors
because you're a girl you can't be
trusted with high-powered machinery us
men can handle this not you whatever
i'll still make something better than
you hey idiot what are you gonna make
i'm not really sure you should be
calling me names today whatever idiot
don't do it jeffy don't do it
uh
teacher can i see the nurse is that an
axe in your head yeah
oh crass make sure you be careful with
the tools you only have 15 minutes
all right chris stop working your 15
minutes is up i'm not gonna come around
the cross and see what you made hey cody
check out my dinosaur sick i know junior
not cooler than my shark though hey
penelope what'd you make i made a house
what a lame house you didn't even put a
door i didn't have enough time junior
hey everybody look at penelope's lame
house she didn't put a door that means
any guy can come and go whenever they
want like between her mom's legs
[Applause]
what did you make i need a house okay
where's your door oh i didn't have
enough time okay b-minus all right
junior what did you make i made a
dinosaur
great where's his eyes uh it it's a
blind dinosaur b-minus all right joseph
what did you make oh i made a shark head
okay where's his body uh b-minus ah all
right cody what did you make i made a
unicorn head oh yay finally someone who
made exactly what they said a plus what
that's not fair all right jeffy what did
you make i made your machine gun oh
jesus christ he's finally doing it
everyone under the destiny we practiced
so we'll call the cops
i knew he's gonna do it it's always the
weird kid i thought cody was gonna do it
thanks junior get out of the desktop
all right kids i'm here stay calm it's
safe now just everybody stay under their
desks what's going on hey there crazy
just calm down don't do anything stupid
i don't know what you're talking about
it's okay just hand me the weapon it's
made out of wood all right i'll be the
judge of that i know a gun when i see it
all right everybody i got the gun
there's run run for your lives wait wait
a minute this actually is made out of
wood
man
you're in big trouble for getting my
hopes up like that i thought i was going
to be a hero today but still you're
still in big trouble because you could
get expelled from pulling a stump like
this you're lucky i don't arrest you i'm
sorry
what's wrong marvin i have this weird
feeling that jeffy did something bad at
school today oh marvin you worry too
much just sit back relax we'll watch tv
okay
[Music]
breaking news okay this student made a
weapon during his shop class and sparked
panic across the entire school cops are
on the scene now dealing with the
situation more on the story as it
develops oh my god well i told you i had
a feeling jeffy to do something bad
daddy guess what so i was doing my
project in school and the teacher said i
was doing such a good job that i got to
come home early and now i never have to
go back jeffy what did you do your son
did the worst thing imaginable what do
you do well on the car ride over here i
was drinking hawaiian punch and he asked
me if he could have a sip and i said no
you have little kid germs and he said
don't worry you'll waterfall it so he
goes to drink it and he spills it all
over my car it gets on the seats it gets
in the cup holders it gets on the
floorboards big sticky mess i am not
happy no no i meant what happened at
school oh that yeah that wasn't as bad
yeah he just made a gun out of wood and
everybody thought it was real so they
got scared what hawaiian punch
baby we're past that part no i know but
it's just so red and sticky yeah i know
believe me i have to clean it up i'm
pretty pissed no no no the more
important thing is let's talk about
jeffy at school what's going to happen
oh he's getting expelled expelled well
yeah but the school said they'll let him
go back to school if he completes a one
day juvenile detention class school
thing that i teach okay when is the
class oh it's tonight and if he fails
he's going to go to jail go to jail so
he has to pass it he has to pass it to
go back to school and 99 of the people
who take my class fail well doesn't that
mean you're just a bad teacher no it
means they're bad people it's not my
fault okay so jeffy's gonna go to the
class tonight and he's gonna pass are we
right jeffy yeah all right oh i'm gonna
go clean out my car okay jeffy why did
you do that it's not my fault i spilled
the hawaiian punch he went over his
paintball well no i'm not fat why did
you do the thing at school well because
the teacher said that i could make
whatever i wanted out of wood so i made
a wooden gun and it doesn't shoot [ __ ]
chubby language okay look let's just all
calm down jeffy you're gonna go to the
class tonight and you're gonna pass it
okay aye aye captain hey do you guys
have napkins like like a whole bunch of
napkins yeah in the kitchen oh okay i'm
gonna need a lot of napkins though oh
okay go go to the kitchen
oh my god does it why is this my life
[Music]
this looks so yummy hey can i have some
of these paper towels yeah sure thanks
hey hey what are you doing
what are you doing
hey what are you doing i'm getting paper
towels you said i could why so many look
man my car is covered in hawaiian punch
i need this many paper towels no you
don't yes i do no you don't yes i do no
you don't hey look over there what
wait hey stop it yeah you can't stop me
with my favorite towels god he was so
annoyed
who is that
what do you want hey i'm gonna need a
lot more paper towels than this can i
have the rest no
i don't want to be here hey kid what
clothes your blood
what happened to your eyes i tattoo my
eyeballs with my pencil all i see is
darkness uh you want to try no suit
yourself
i style your fire i don't regret the
people i killed give me your eyelids no
i said give me your eyelids go away
all right all right settle down you
freaks welcome to be good school where i
teach you how to be good all right you
are all menaces to society the world
would honestly be a better place if you
did not exist so i'm gonna try to fix
you now there are three main rules on
how to be good the first rule is manners
now that includes things like saying
please and thank you and according to my
wife not pissing on the toilet seat but
i do it anyway it's not my fault you
have to pee sitting down just pee
standing up like a man anyway who wants
to give me an example of manners can i
please start a fire well no you can't
start a fire but you did say please and
i like that that's one step in the right
direction and then five steps in the
wrong direction because you asked to
commit arson okay one i'll give you a
real life example of manners okay let's
say you're at a restaurant and you order
some chicken strips and a side of ranch
and so the waiter comes and he brings
the chicken strips but he forgets the
ranch and you say excuse me i think
you've forgotten my ranch and he says oh
right i'll be right on that and then i
don't see him for 15 minutes and then he
comes back and he says can i get you
anything and i say well i really would
like my ranch and then he says oh right
of course the ranch and then he
disappears for 30 goddamn minutes and
then has the balls to come back and say
hey can i get you the check and i say
what you can get me is my [ __ ] ranch
and he says well you can't talk to me
that way and i say i can talk to you any
way i want let me see your manager and
then he says i am the manager and i say
well that's funny because your name tag
says waiter so go get me the manager so
then the manager comes over and says is
there anything wrong here and i say yeah
look at my dry chicken strips i want
some ranch you're gonna copy this entire
meal for free or i'm gonna put one of my
bowl hairs in the food and say that you
did it and i'm gonna get this entire
restaurant shut down and then the
manager says oh i'm so sorry sir i'm
gonna comp you your entire meal all your
food is free today and then i say thank
you see that's manners i said thank you
so did anybody learn anything um i
learned not to forget you rich yes yes
you don't forget the ranch that's
exactly right i mean chicken strips
without ranch it's like a car without
tires what are you even gonna do with it
yes exactly you're gonna make an
excellent waiter someday if applebee's
ever starts hiring felons okay now the
second one is helping people you gotta
help people it's just the nice thing to
do okay now i'll give you an example
what do you do if you're driving down
the street and you see a girl whose car
is broken down on the side of the road
you stuff her in the trunk no you don't
do that you set her car on fire no what
is it with you and fire what kind of car
is it why does that even matter maybe i
can steal it oh no you can't steal it
because it's broken down and you
shouldn't even want to anyway because
that's wrong come on think people do you
cut off her face and wear it i don't
think it's that one it's definitely fire
no no no no no no all of you are stupid
does anyone have an actual good answer
um pick her up and take her on a date to
applebee's but you no not applebee's
were you even listening to anything i
was saying no she'd be better off just
on the side of the road she'd be just as
hungry you know she'd just have to wait
30 minutes to get her chicken tenders
and ranch anyway no no no no look i'll
give you a real life example of helping
people so my grandfather was incredibly
rich i mean he was a millionaire just
filthy rich and so he was in the
hospital and i was visiting him every
day you know to make sure i got a piece
of that and i see that he's on life
support he's being kept alive by a
machine now i'm thinking what kind of
life is that that's no way to live being
kept alive by a machine but he seems
happy he says when i get this heart
transplant tomorrow i'm gonna feel so
much better i can't wait to get out of
the hospital and i hear i can't wait to
get out of the hospital so i'm thinking
i'm gonna do the right thing and i'm
gonna help him and i'm gonna i'm gonna
end his suffering and pull the plug so i
do any flat lines and all the nurses
come running into the room and i just
say that i tripped on the power cord and
they believe me and then come to find
out what did he leave me in his will a
sofa can you believe that i killed my i
mean i helped my grandfather go to
heaven or hell probably if all he left
me was a sofa hey you know what kid ask
your dad if my grandfather's in hell
okay thank you see there you go he's
helping me by asking if my grandfather's
in hell alright so we've covered two
already manners and helping people we
just have one more left to cover now
does anyone want to guess what that is
starting fire eating people's faces
total annihilation picking your nose and
eating it no to all of that because most
of those were crimes and the third one
is don't do crimes okay now crimes is
stuff like killing people stealing
things
yes setting things on fire is a crime
and what i did to my grandfather was a
crime and so is what i will do to you if
you tell anyone you heard that all right
so now we're going to have a test that
will make you have to use all three of
the be good rules okay and you have to
pass this test to not go to jail but
first i'm going to have a lunch break
and eat my very big foot long imaginary
sandwich i just hope it's not too big um
he's joking we have to do something
richard said i'm on fire while he's
choking we should eat his face and we
choke too let's just watch the other
wallet i'm coming to help you
jeffy you saved me thank you you're
welcome c-class that was it that was the
test jeffy passed because he did all
three of the be good rules he helped me
when i needed it i said thank you and he
said you're welcome so that's manners
and he didn't commit any crimes like the
rest of you did by not helping me
because that was the crime of criminal
negligence so jeffy is the only one
who's not going to jail
so how do you think jeffy's be good
school is going i think it's going to be
bad
you know because it's called be good so
he's going to be bad
be bad yes like
guess what i passed you passed sure did
yep he saved my imaginary life you know
most students don't save my life
whenever i choke on the imaginary
sandwich but your son did so he passed
he learned how to be good he learned his
manners he learned that he should help
people he learned not to do crimes and
he learned that he should get me my
ranch at applebee's so does that make up
for the hawaiian punch um
i forgot about that before now all right
listen kid you better hope i never have
to see you again well jeffy look at
least you passed you're not going to
jail and we can put this whole thing
behind us yeah hey so i got a call from
a kid with an axe in his head and he
said you did it
all right we're going back come on oh
jeffy
[Music]
you