hey Dad did you know that if you eat
paper then you poop out trees that's not
true Jeffy yes it is because paper comes
from trees and trees are brown just like
your poop and when you poop it looks
like logs so you're basically just
replanting poopy stinky treats don't eat
paper Jeffy I'm still gonna eat the
paper anyway stop eating the paper
what you gave me a paper cut on my
finger Jeffy is a little tiny cook you
cut the bone
a little tiny paper cut there's blood
everywhere I think you hit another Army
oh a doctor
hey there somebody call a doctor yeah my
daddy cut my finger off oh my God let me
see do you think you can reattach it or
is my finger going forever okay that's
just a paper cut I told him it was just
a paper cut but it's all the way down to
the bone okay you guys call the doctor
over a paper cut well he won't stop
crying and screaming and we don't know
what to do
no just put a Band-Aid on
eight on it it's Marvin oh no I'm
definitely gonna bleed out and die we
don't have Band-Aids okay look I'm gonna
go to the store and buy you guys some
Band-Aids but that's me being very nice
because this is not my responsibility
yes please go buy us some Band-Aids okay
I'm gonna go to the store oh can you get
me a Lunchable okay I will get you a
Lunchable too does anybody else want
something from the store yeah actually
can you give me the rainbow donut
stackable bigger to smaller yellow stick
toy on the baby aisle okay I'll keep an
eye out for that Marvin would you like
something from the store no I just want
you to get the Band-Aids great actually
I just realized I don't wear socks with
my shoes and I'd like some socks please
okay I will get you some socks I don't
asking me to get you shoes yeah yeah
would you like some socks for those
shoes I don't
finally later no you know I'm gonna get
the socks now so I don't have to make
two trips okay let me see if I have this
right you want Lunchables socks and
shoes you want socks and you want the
rainbow donut stackable bigger to
smaller yellow stick toy from the baby
aisle am I forgetting anything the
Band-Aids oh of course the whole reason
I was going in the first place Jesus
okay I'm gonna go to the store do not
call me with anything else you've
reached your limit
okay let's see I get the Lunchables the
Band-Aids the shoes the socks now I'm
just missing the rainbow donut stackable
bigger to smaller yellow stick toy thing
why would I even find that oh well I
guess that's what he described wait
there's a bigger one down here it's not
my [ __ ] get up
yeah I can't believe I just bought all
that stuff Brooklyn guy you were just
too nice hey oh please don't shoot me
tell Giovanni I'll give him his money
back wait oh sorry I thought you were
somebody else you got any change oh um
no sorry I don't have any on me well
you're a doctor you have money well I
mean that's true but I mean right now I
only got this card give me that
um okay yeah you know what I'll give you
my credit card and you can go in there
and buy anything you need and then I'll
cancel it in a couple minutes so you
have until then to buy anything you want
thank you credit card man okay I'm gonna
call the credit card company and cancel
that card
okay so should I cancel the card now or
give them a minute to buy a drink or
something first I'm just gonna cancel it
now
okay come on pick up pick up pick up
pick up pick up come on time is of the
essence here
please call back later oh you got to be
[ __ ] kidding me not right now no no
we can't do that right now I'm gonna
call back come on come on somebody
answer I know somebody works there come
on it's not that busy
we're sorry [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] no
no [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] this is bad this is
bad there's a homeless guy in Target
with my credit card I gotta go find him
while calling back okay food food he's
probably hungry so he'd be in the food
aisle right like where are you at
homeless guy hobo anybody see a homeless
guy with my credit card he's probably
got a buggy full of stuff like really
nice stuff oh hello [ __ ] here's your
crap oh I want my shoes come on answer
oh I want my rainbow donut stackable
bigger to smaller yellow stick toy pick
up the phone I want my socks God damn it
they're not answering me who are you
trying to call Ghostbusters shut up no
jokes I'm trying to call the credit card
company because I gave my credit card to
a homeless guy why would you give your
credit card to a homeless guy well he
asked me for change I told him I didn't
have anything
small but you bought your own damn shoes
you didn't tell me your size can you
return them no just wear those I gave my
credit card to a homeless guy because he
asked me for change I told him I didn't
have any change I had a credit card he
said well you're a doctor so you should
have money and I said fine here take my
credit card buy whatever you want before
I cancel the credit card but I can't
cancel the credit card because they
won't answer the goddamn phone I want my
lunchable wait it's in the bag oh I
wanted a bigger rainbow donut stackable
bigger to smaller yellow stick tall well
yeah you're not my kid
you didn't specify everybody shut the
hell up hello [ __ ] why don't you just
call them what what do you think I've
been doing are you stupid what do you
think I've been doing for the last 20
minutes they're not answering the phone
wait wait hello it's ringing it's
ringing [ __ ] they're not answering the
oh why don't you just call him one more
time okay fine look on one more time
geez I went up their answer this time
nope they didn't answer oh what the news
[Music]
breaking news okay the employees at my
credit card call center are currently on
strike so if you have a problem with
your credit card your phone call will
not be answered at this time more so
credit card fraud is on the rise so be
careful who you give your information to
oh well that's just perfect the day I
decided to get my credit card to a
homeless guys today the credit card
workers decide to go on strike why don't
you go on the website and freeze your
card I didn't know I could do that I'm
gonna try that I'd love to look I got
the lollipop oh
great it says the website's down for
maintenance and then I should call
what's the news
[Music]
breaking news okay the credit card
website designers have joined in on the
strike so not only will you not be able
to call in you won't be able to log in
online either oh you've got to be
kidding me I'm living in a nightmare
look I got the really big ice cream cone
you on the bite
sun is gone that's cause you drank it
all these socks are weird that's because
you put them on
problem seriously well what's he
spinning your card on hold on let me
check let me check my Apple wallet um oh
good lord this guy's going crazy what he
spent a thousand dollars at Best Buy he
spent 500 at Leslie's Pool Supplies he
doesn't even have a pool what would he
buy there and look at this he spent a
hundred dollars at Ruby Tuesday's and
TGI Fridays pick a day of the week well
you're a cop you can arrest them for all
this credit card fraud it's not credit
card fraud I gave him the card and told
him to spend the money then why are you
mad because I just thought he was gonna
buy a drink at Target I thought it was
gonna cancel the card okay well what's
the last thing he bought let's see oh my
God he spent three thousand dollars at
Bed Bath and Beyond why would he even go
there well I mean I guess he is homeless
he doesn't need a bed and a Bath and
Beyond well why don't we go there and
see if we can catch him well he's gonna
be gone by now okay well I know the
owner of the credit card company why
didn't you say so well look I'll go call
him and tell him to come over okay oh
what do you want Marvin I'm stressed out
why are you so stressed out Goodman
because my employees at the credit card
call center on strike why are they on
strike get this they want more money how
selfish of them I have a yacht that
needs gas how is my yacht gonna get from
Tahiti to Morocco without any gas well
how much are you paying them an hour a
staggering a mind-blowing 50 cents an
hour what 50 cents an hour you can't do
that the minimum wage in America is
eight dollars an hour well I'm not
paying that in America I outsourced I
built a call center in Thailand so in
Thailand you can get a handy for forty
dollars so I'm laying there getting one
thinking Hmm if you can give a handy for
forty dollars you can answer a phone for
50 cents so I hired 10 000 employees and
paid them 50 cents an hour each they
were loving it and so was I I loved it
so much I bought me a Bugatti well I
have to pay for the Bugatti so I lowered
everyone's pay to 25 cents an hour now
they're outside on strike well could you
just like raise their pay for like a day
so they'll answer my phone calls no
because I ain't
signing with lesson they need to learn
they know working I know Peggy well they
were working just fine till you lowered
their pay you hush that is enough out of
you mister well could you personally
cancel my credit card since you owned
the company yeah I don't know how to do
that I usually pay someone to do that so
you're gonna have to take that up with
them but as far as I'm concerned I got
forty dollars burning a hole in my
pocket and I need some beef jerky and
not the kind that you eat
well great what are we going to do now
Marvin well why are you still calling
them if you know they're on strike I'm
hoping one of them has to go inside to
pee and they hear a phone ringing and
they want to help a desperate man okay
well don't you have a brother brother
that's good with like computers yeah so
well why don't you call him and see if
he can hack into the credit card server
to cancel your card Marvin that's a
great idea I'll call him what's up
broski what's on your flag looking guy
what's going on Toyota Sean hello
Jonathan oh I see you have shots on your
hands trying to avoid a mess I see I do
that sometimes too but it doesn't feel
like the real thing even though I don't
know what the real King feels like I
would assume it doesn't feel like sucks
I would suggest rubber gloves my feet
hurt I'll rub them calm down Jonathan
she needs your feet rub Brooklyn guy
okay look the reason I called you was
because I gave my credit card to a
homeless guy you know he's going on a
spending spree so I need you to hack
into the credit card company's website
and cancel my card I thought you would
have a challenge for me but which didn't
for me what's in it for Big Johnny Big
Johnny yeah okay what do you want big
Johnny I want a key to your house why
that way I can go in whenever I want and
get in your bed but no that's not
happening well fine I want a picture of
your wife's chest no fine I want one of
her shoes
oh I mean come on they don't even fit oh
fine here you go
was it is good for you as it was for me
why would it be oh if I'm Popeye then
this is my spinach I'm gonna go grab my
laptop let's do this thing all right so
I grabbed my laptop with your credit
card provider Goodman Bank and Trust oh
yeah but level one security system easy
uh get past your firewall and I mean
really just like that oh yeah oh man
he's making a lot of purchases on your
account let's put a suction yes and done
it's canceled but really it's canceled
oh yeah but I can't refresh any of the
charges that he made on your account
you're gonna have to return all that
stuff but I can't return this stuff
because I didn't buy it and I don't know
where the homeless guy is oh there's
your homage guy outside here's a bunch
of stuff show me okay yay fortnite there
he is looking guy hey [ __ ] you having
fun spending all my money hey credit
card man yes I am credit card man I'm
gonna be taking this back hey you took
my credit card I took my credit card
because you've been spending my money on
pools and Playstation fives and TVs and
TGI Fridays Ruby Tuesday days yummy rip
man yeah I hope you're enjoying your
ribs oh don't be mad looking guys look
at the life he has now yeah I mean I
guess I do feel a little better that he
you know made a nice life for himself
here you know Marvin I just realized
your son hasn't asked for those
Band-Aids I went out and got him no it
actually would be kind of nice if you
pay me back for all that stuff I went
and got for you
okay all right I guess that's the last
time I do anything nice for anybody
oh
[Music]