[Music]
Jeffy stop playing with a stupid shark
don't have to stop it it's said don't
have to shark ask you to do something
stop it don't have to I'm going to break
the damn
thing hold on there's someone at the
door Jeffy hello hey there Tom
Brady okay you can calm down yep that's
me what are you doing here Tom Brady I'm
pissed let me inside okay come on in oh
Tom Brady mad Tom
angry why are you so mad Tom Brady well
didn't you see the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
beat the Philadelphia Eagles in the
playoffs oh yeah they did yeah and they
did it without me the first year after I
retire they beat the team that went to
the Super Bowl last year and I couldn't
even beat the goddamn Cowboys that is
true yeah and if they beat the Detroit
Lions tonight they get to go to the NFC
Championship Game the first year after I
stopped playing football I'm going to
look like a bum yeah you would look like
a bum because if they made it that far
without you that means they never even
needed you yes exactly that means you're
old that means you're a scrub okay I get
it but that's why I need you to sabotage
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers what sabotage
the Buccaneers how would I even do that
well normally I would do it cuz I'm
really good at cheating like normally I
like to deflate the footballs or record
the other team's practices or sleep with
the other players wives but I don't want
to get caught cheating again so that's
why you have to do it okay but how would
I even do that I don't know find a
friend figure it out well what would I
even get out of doing this for you well
if you do it for me I'll give you one of
my Super Bowl rings ooh look at that
shiny that is really shiny but how much
is it worth well you you could auction
this off for like a million dollars a
million dollars I just don't think I can
do it get it done God damn it okay I'll
try okay now I'm going to go make out
with my son on a yacht so I have an
alibi so how you going to do it Daddy
I'm going to call a friend to help me
hey Marvin you call me over to watch the
playoffs go Buffalo Bills am I right hey
did you know they named after that
serial killer from Silence of the Lambs
I think they're named after the animal
oh but the Baltimore Ravens are named
after that Edgar Allen Poe poem why
can't they be named after a serial
killer that's cooler I don't know and I
don't care I didn't call you over to
watch the playoffs oh well what else is
going on is there an NBA game on no Tom
Brady needs our help wait the Tom Brady
the Tom Brady he wants us a sabotage the
T Bay Buccaneers because they keep
winning without him yeah they're doing
pretty good it's almost like they never
even needed him exactly he said if they
keep winning he's going to look like a
bum yeah he will so what do we do so he
said we could record the Buccaneers
practice and send it to the Lions so the
Lions know their plays but the game's
tonight there's no more practices oh
well he said we could deflate the
Buccaneers footballs but I think
deflating the footballs actually helps
the team win well we don't know how to
make them lose do you know how to make
them lose there's only one man I know
that knows how to make a Florida team
lose in the playoffs and that's Jimmy
Butler from the Miami Heat he knows how
to lose oh does he know how to lose he
loves losing he's a pro at losing see he
has this strategy where he makes coffee
instead of making basketball shots cuz
the only shots he wants to make are
shots of espresso he likes coffee oh he
loves coffee he loves coffee more than
basketball it's almost like he forgot he
gets paid hundreds of millions of
dollars to play a game and instead he
just wants to make coffee he forgot that
Starbucks exists or Dunkin Donuts or or
McDonald's or all of the other places
that make coffee see he's trying to
invent something that already exists
he's trying to invent the iPhone while
he should be playing [ __ ] basketball
well can we call him up oh no I don't
want to bother him he's busy making 60
[ __ ] country music songs Jimmy what
are you doing just play basketball
that's all anybody wants you to do are
you tired of basketball do you not want
to play basketball anymore that's okay
we would understand niika yic says he
doesn't want to play basketball he just
wants to play with his horses but you
know what he does he wins basketball
games before he plays with his horses
why can't you win basketball games
before making your [ __ ] coffee Jimmy
this man's out here doing all the 2K
side quests he's probably friends with
Jake from safe farm and he's probably
going to start skateboarding next so we
can't call him no no he's busy doing
everything but basketball well how can
we stop the Tampa Bay Buccaneer from
winning well I have an idea how about I
sneak into their locker room and steal
some of their equipment and then we mess
with it so that they play Bad how are we
going to get into the Buccaneers locker
room oh I've worked everywhere at some
point or another I'm pretty sure I can
get into anywhere well go grab some
stuff okay I'll be right back yeah all
right Marvin I found some cool [ __ ] wao
you did get some good stuff yeah I got
Mike Evans Jersey Baker Mayfield's
helmet and the ball they're going to use
during the game are these important
players are they important players
Marvin Mike Evans is the most important
receiver they have if he can't catch
balls there's no way they're going to
win so how are we going to mess with him
by taking his jersey well I was thinking
we could take this skunk I found outside
and make him spray his ass juice all
over the jersey that way he'll be so
stinky he can't focus on the game yeah
if his jersey smells bad there's no way
you can catch balls yes let me get this
thing to spray it Ju juice here come on
give me a squirt
go okay let's give that a
whiff oh God that is disgusting yeah
there's no way he's going to catch ball
smell like that so what are we going to
do to bake our Mayfield's helmet well I
was thinking we could put some lice in
there so that he's scratching his head
and he forgets the plays and he gets
sacked yeah there's no way he can focus
on the game his head itchy yeah okay so
where we going to get lice at H hold on
let me go find a dirty kindergartner who
doesn't bathe all right Marvin I found a
kid that says he has lice I got little
bugs in my ha okay kid shake your head
off into that helmet
a oh Marvin look at all that lice his
head's going to be itchy as [ __ ] yeah
that is a lot of lice okay kid you can
scram he's going to be itching his head
the whole game he's going to forget his
plays yeah exactly and then Mike evans's
not going to be able to catch with his
jersey smelling that bad oh I have an
idea to make sure he definitely doesn't
catch I also get Mike Evans gloves he's
going to be wearing during the game so I
was thinking I could rub this butter
fingers on there to give him
Butterfingers so he drops the
ball I think maybe you should rub actual
butter on it cuz butter fingers aren't
that slippery oh yeah yeah you're
probably right okay I got this stick of
butter too
oh yeah it's so slippery oh yeah good
luck catching a ball with that on your
gloves yeah there's no way he's going to
catch it with butter yeah so we should
do something to the actual ball just in
case o I have an idea okay Marvin I got
these magnets and I'm going to put one
of them inside the ball and then I'm
going to have somebody else in the
stands with the other magnet so whenever
they throw the ball it gets pulled out
of bounds like this see oh that would
actually work yeah so I'm going to put
this in the ball and then I'm going to
take all the stuff back to the
Buccaneers locker room okay go go go go
Marvin Marvin you're never going to
believe what I found what wait is this
lice yeah that kid had a lot of lice on
his head e well when I was returning
this stuff to the Buccaneers locker room
I saw that the Detroit Lions locker room
was open and I found their best player's
jersey Donovan peoples Jones Donovan
peoples Jones yeah he should run for
president because he's not just any
Jones he's the peoples Jones and that's
even better than Osmosis Jones is Donan
peoples Jones good is he good he's their
best player his touchdown celebration
goes crazy it's here's the church here's
the steeple look inside here's the
people's Jones but I was thinking I
could take this needle full of steroids
and put it in the Jersey so whenever he
wears it it stabs him and injects him
with steroids and he's going to go crazy
out there he's going to get 400 yards
and eight Tes in the first quarter I
mean yeah he's going to be suspended for
the rest of his career but we only need
him to win this game okay well if he's
good why do you even have to do that
well I mean he doesn't need it but I
mean it couldn't hurt right so I me just
put this in there and then I'll return
this back to the locker room Marvin
Marvin when I was returning Donovan
peoples Jones's Jersey I saw the
Buccaneers Gatorade cart and I took it I
took their Gatorade Marvin and I was
thinking we could take this laxative and
put it in their Gatorade so they smell
like [ __ ] they have [ __ ] in their pants
they're definitely going to play like
[ __ ] I mean that is a really good idea
but I have a question how are you going
in and out of the Detroit Lion stadium
so easily Marvin it's Detroit there is
no security okay but we live in Florida
how are you going to Florida and Detroit
back and forth so fast well Marvin
that's why it's a YouTube video I don't
know I got like a teleportation device
up my ass or something who cares just
help me put the mirax in the Gatorade
okay Marvin Marvin look look who I found
when I was returning the mirx Gatorade
to the Buccaneers locker room wait what
nothing don't worry about it I I found
this ref who's officiating the game and
I brought him back here to talk to him
okay so what do you need from me well we
were wondering if maybe you could rig
the game to make sure the Buccaneers
lose hell no I'm not going to do that
I'm not going to compromise the
Integrity of the NFL oh come on man it's
just to help Tom Brady do you know how
many times I helped him throughout his
career do you have any idea how many
flags I threw to help him win games well
can't you just do it one more time hell
no he's retired and besides a lot of
people are betting a lot of money on
this game oh my God you're right we
should bet on this game Marvin how much
are you for helping Tom Brady only a
million dollar if the Buccaneers lose
okay we're going to give you a million
dollar if you help us rig the game well
[ __ ] I guess I can try no no no no don't
give him my million dollars I only have
a million dollar Marvin don't worry if
we bet on the Buccaneers to lose you'll
probably make like $2 million that's a
million for him and a million for you we
shouldn't bet money that I don't even
have yet don't worry about it Marvin I
know the perfect Casino for betting
money you don't have come on Welcome to
the casino fellas Marvin you're not
allowed to gamble here you don't have
any money oh he's about to have money
cuz we're going to bet a million dollars
that the Buccaneers are going to lose
well the Detroit Lions are favored by6
and2 so if you make a million dollar bet
that's only going to pay 300 Grand [ __ ]
well Marvin I guess we can't pay off
that referee well we didn't have a
million dollars anyway wait you guys
were going to bet on a rigged game with
money you don't have we were trying to
yes well how do you know the game's
rigged because I rigged it how don't
worry about it okay just trust me that
the Buccaneers are going to have lice
they're going to [ __ ] their pants and
they're going to be stinky okay well if
the Buccaneers end up losing this game
then I'll give you guys $5 million
because I'm going to bet all my money on
it oh they're definitely going to lose
we can't guarantee that we can guarantee
it Marvin I pissed in their Gatorade I
thought you put mirax in it no Marvin
why do you think it was yellow it was
clear when I got it and then I pissed
into it oh okay then I guess they're
going to lose but we have to do
something else to guarantee they're
going to lose don't worry Marvin I have
a plan to make sure the Lions win listen
if the Buccaneers don't lose this game
I'm going to cut off your ball sack put
them in a blender and make a ball sack
Margarita okay deal don't don't like
deal wait where's brooken guy at sorry
about that Marvin I had to stop by the
zoo and steal this lion
why did you steal a lion don't worry
he's tranquilized but why did you steal
a lion I got another genius idea Marvin
okay guess what the Detroit Lion's
mascot is a lion how'd you know because
of the Detroit Lions yes exactly okay so
get this I snuck into his enclosure
dressed up like a Buccaneers player and
I stole all his food and then when he
tried to attack me I tranquilized him
with a tranquilizer dart but I was
staring him in the eyes the entire time
so when he wakes up he's going to be
really pissed at the Buccaneers so I was
thinking I could sneak onto the field
and replace their mascot with him so
when he wakes up he starts attacking
Buccaneers players what if he attacks
Lions players he's not going to attack
other Lions Marvin the Lions players
don't look like lions yeah but they have
Lions on their helmets look he'll
understand okay don't worry about it
what how are you going to get a lion
under the football field it's Detroit
Marvin nobody cares come on Gumball wait
his name is Gumball oh yeah well he's
named Gumball cuz this one time this kid
dropped a gumball into his enclosure and
tried to get it and he ate the kid you
know now that I'm thinking about it it's
kind of [ __ ] up that they named him
after a tragedy come on Gumball okay
Marvin I think we've done everything
humanly possible to [ __ ] this game up
for the Buccaneers they're definitely
going to lose so now let's just sit back
and watch an absolute ass pounding hold
on let me go get my computer and I'll
show you my favorite website no no no I
I meant the football game but but later
though see Marvin I told you the
Buccaneers were [ __ ] in their pants and
bakey mcfuck balls was scratching his
head the whole game he didn't know what
was going on I didn't see our lion
though he must have gotten loose
somewhere but I mean hey that's Detroit
that happens all the time right I can't
believe you guys were actually right so
we get $5 million no I didn't make the
bet because I didn't believe you not to
mention you didn't even give me a
million dollars to bet that's fair wow
you guys actually did it you made me
look good so I get a Super Bowl ring
well no cuz I actually played a Super
Bowl to get that ring but I'll kiss you
on the mouth though I'll take that hey
hey no I get the kiss I'm the one who
help what the actual [ __ ]
[Music]