oh man jeffy are you ready for game
night hey gail hey guys i brought
penelope along for game night since
joseph couldn't come why couldn't joseph
come junior you know he's canoeing
across the atlantic ocean today i
totally forgot well you know the rules
no girls allowed you never said that
well i'm saying it now i don't want
penelope here tell her to leave she's
already here well but cody we were gonna
play hungry hungry your mom good one
junior but i guess penelope can see what
she's gonna be when she grows up shut up
junior yeah eating bowls
i'll have you know when i grow up i'm
going to be a surgeon you're not going
to be a surgeon you're going to be too
busy painting your nails and talking
about ponies junior there's plenty of
female surgeons name one uh
well you name one male surgeon dr phil
he's not a surgeon he's not even a
medical doctor yes he is he does
surgeries on his show all the time you
haven't even seen his show have you no
but i know he's a doctor well what about
dr octopus yeah he's a doctor well he's
not a medical doctor either and he's not
even real he is a medical doctor he gave
himself like spider
spider tentacles on his back can we just
shut up and play hungry hungry hippos no
she thinks she can be a surgeon so i
challenge on a one-on-one of operation
okay fine let me go grab the game okay
penelope you think you're gonna be a
surgeon but i'm gonna prove to you that
i would be a better surgeon yeah right
junior i'd like to see you try well i'm
about to get all these pieces without
touching the sides because if you touch
the sides you lose so you're never gonna
get a turn because i'm gonna get all the
pieces so i'm gonna start with this one
he died junior no yes he did you touched
the side i didn't touch the sides the
nose lights up when you touch the side
no the the nose lit up because we
started the game no it lit up because
one more chance one more chance one
chance okay i'm do it again
very careful you did it again junior
i never said i could be a surgeon she's
the one bragging saying she's gonna be a
surgeon so i'd like to see you get all
the pieces about touching the sides i
can without touching any of the sides i
can get every single one of these pieces
oh yeah well they haven't we have a
little wager if you touch the sides you
have to go on a date with me i'm talking
dinner movie and it has to end with a
kiss ew no junior why are you scared you
think you're gonna touch the sides no
i'm not scared okay then take the deal
wait wait wait junior what does she get
if she wins he never has to talk to me
ever again oh yeah and he has to go on a
date with me and it has to end on a kiss
with tongue for 15 whole seconds i'm
talking mississippi's like
one mississippi
two
mississippi oh no i'm not gonna agree to
that hi you're chicken well no i'm not
checking okay fine it's a deal if you
win i have to go on a date with cody if
i win you have to go on a date with me
so don't touch the sides i'd like to see
you try to get these pieces
she's not gonna get the pieces nope
[Music]
oh no junior she only has one piece left
i know pucker up junior it's gonna be
the longest 15 seconds of your life i'm
gonna clean your teeth with my tongue
you're never gonna be able to talk to me
ever again come on junior you got to do
something turn the lights off oh i got
you
what what happened to the light
you touched the side you touched the
side that doesn't count you near the
lights went out that's not an excuse if
you're a doctor one day doing surgery
and the power goes out you're gonna kill
the guy well hospitals usually have
generators what if the generator doesn't
work cody you should be so good at being
a surgeon that you can do it with the
lights off but that's not fair don't be
a sore loser you have to get ready for
our date oh fine but i'm not gonna enjoy
it ha ha hey junior did it work what you
had jeffy turn off the lights no junior
you're such a cheater well it's better
than being an anteater yeah it's better
than being an eater who wants to eat
ants what a dumb animal why don't they
eat cake they can't eat cake yes they
can they make cake eaters what they did
no they only eat ants yeah why are they
choosing only it is it's dumb they don't
choose it that's just what they do what
a dumb animal i mean i eat cheeseburgers
they're gonna call me a cheeseburger
eater do you want me to call you that
yeah
okay i guess i'll call you a
cheeseburger yeah well guys i have to
get ready for my date okay i look really
good for my date now all i have to do is
brush my teeth
oh no junior i have to pee what are you
doing in here i dropped my toothbrush in
the toilet ew throw it away we're not
gonna brush my teeth junior oh you
junior i have to brush my teeth cody
you're gonna get sick i'm not gonna get
sick
oh i'm so sick junior i told you this
was gonna happen how did i get sick
there weren't any germs in the toilet
there's always germs in a toilet even
after you flush yes what's the point in
flushing i i don't know well i'm not
flushing ever again you junior i can't
be sick i have a date tonight oh maybe
you should cancel i'm not canceling it
penelope has to kiss me i'm gonna kiss
her well she's not gonna want to kiss
you if you're sick oh you're probably
right oh maybe i can call her and
reschedule the date oh yeah that's a
good idea let me get my phone
okay it's ringing what do you want
junior hey are you getting ready for our
date tonight yes i'm getting ready well
you don't seem too excited about it do
you want to reschedule oh no i want to
get it over with now but you know if
you're not happy we could just do it
another night if we don't do our date
tonight then i don't have to ever oh
okay well you don't understand an
emergency just popped up and i kind of
need to reschedule why do you want to
reschedule junior because my friend uh
bobby bobby yeah bobby he's at the store
right now returning something and he
needs me to bring him the receipt
because i have it why do you have
bobby's receipt junior because um he
bought something and i said there's no
way you bought that he said oh yeah well
here's the receipt and i said whoa you
really did buy that so now i have his
receipt and now the thing he bought he
wants to return and he needs a receipt
see the thing he's returning it was
impressive to buy but not impressive to
have so the receipt's more impressive
than the thing
we're not rescheduling junior i'll meet
you at the restaurant at seven but what
about bobby then bring bobby
let me guess she didn't want to
reschedule no oh but i got an idea what
if you come to the dinner with me as
bobby who is bobby i don't know but she
wants to see him apparently what why do
i have to be bobby i i don't know listen
listen okay i gotta think of something
how about i call a doctor to see what's
wrong with me and you go find someone
named bobby
why why bobby i don't go go find someone
hey bobby okay go
okay i gotta call a doctor hey there you
call a doctor oh you don't look so good
i'm really sick doctor i was sick one
time you want to hear about it i have a
date in a few minutes when i was little
i was in school with this kid that had
like a really little arm like one arm
was like way smaller than the other one
so we all used to make fun of him you
know because he kind of looked like a
freak anyway his dad was really
protective because his whole family died
in an accident when the kid was little
so one time on a school field trip we
all dared the kid to go touch this
really sketchy looking van and the kid
actually did it but then he got
kidnapped by the guy in the van who like
turned out to be a dentist so the dad
being all protective decided to track
the kid down and find him so he teamed
up with this girl that had memory
problems like she couldn't remember
anything all she could remember is the
address of the dentist's office so then
they met some sharks that didn't eat
fish and i don't really remember what
they did but then a bomb went off and
then they met a sea turtle and he was
very nice and he gave them a ride to
australia and this this is the plot of
finding nemo i didn't live that see
sometimes i get my memories confused
with movies that i saw oh i did throw up
one time i guess that's the story i
really have to get better before my date
oh right yes well i i do have this
really experimental medicine i can give
you but i don't know the side effects
will it make me better i don't know i
can try it all right i'll give you a
shot of this and see what happens it's
not gonna make me worse is it
maybe
wait a minute i'm starting to feel a
little bit better there you go now you
go on your date go get a tiger is she
hot oh she's hot oh yeah i bet she has
daddy issues oh she has daddy issues
she's a redhead oh damn feisty oh man
what's the name penelope that's a
hotness wait a minute that's my
daughter's name
she my daughter
well have a home by eight okay yeah i
can't be late for my date hey junior i
found bobby who you know bobby you
wanted me to find someone named bobby i
bought it you bought what i had the
receipt but i took it back to the store
but i still bought it yeah i guess he
bought something cool well
buying it was cool but he took it back
so i don't think it was i don't have
time for this so no bobby
sorry bobby
sorry i'm late i already ordered for you
and i started eating because i don't
care of course you already started
eating you're so fat you know what
junior i wish i wasn't here with your
ugly green fa why is your face green
cause i get sick when i look at you then
why did you ask me out i didn't ask you
out the only reason we came out because
you lost operation this was your idea i
only wanted a 15 second kiss oh no that
was the deal between you and cody you
and i just have to kiss i'm getting my
15 mississippis oh no especially if
you're green or in sick i'm really sick
why'd you order me garlic bread in case
you were a vampire i wanted it to burn
you of course you you're one of those
weird kids that read weird vampire books
they're good okay i think i'm gonna
throw up
where where junior you turned into a bee
i didn't turn into a ah i'm a b i'm
allergic to bees i'm out of here oh we
stopped the kidneys i can't kiss you
i'll die
oh i have to call that doctor hey you
call a doctor oh you are a big old b
that is a b you turned me into a b well
i didn't mean to uh oh you know what
happened okay so i was supposed to give
you ibuprofen but instead i gave you ib
profin it turns you into a b well turn
me back i don't know how but you know
what this reminds me of when i was a bee
i was voiced by jerry seinfeld and that
that's the bee movie no that didn't
happen but you know it did happen i had
a friend that was really bad at cooking
but i was good at cooking so i would get
on top of his head and pull his hair to
make him cook good and we cooked a plate
of ratatouille that was so good it made
this really harsh food critic have a
flashback to his childhood and think it
was okay to have rats in a restaurant
wait that's ratatouille man that didn't
happen either don't listen to me well
you can't turn me back well i mean i
don't know i mean you should be happy to
be a bee you know bees are going extinct
you're saving the planet i was supposed
to kiss penelope but she's allergic to
bees well see now i'm glad you're a bee
i don't want you doing that with my
daughter no matter what i said earlier
come on change me back oh there's
something there's nothing you can give
me to turn me back into a human i mean i
guess i could give you multrin but that
would just turn you into a mole it's too
bad there's no medicines that sound like
people oh just change me back hmm man we
are we are right there we just gotta i
just gotta wrap this up
oh you know what you know what you know
what uh it wears off yeah it does is
medicines wear off it happens look it up
it wears off in a few right now
it wore off yeah hey there you go i told
you it would and look you're not even
sick anymore all the problems are solved
i have to go kiss penelope oh not my
daughter penelope vanessa i can finally
give you the kiss
junior i feel so sick what happened to
you penelope i think it's something i
ate we're supposed to kiss though i
don't think we can do that now we'll
have to do it another time because i
think i'm gonna throw it
well don't take medicine from your dad
he's gonna turn you into a bee hey
junior you know i've been hanging out
with bobby and he's actually really cool
like he buys a lot of stuff well he
usually returns it but you know he has
the receipts to prove it yeah i bought
it oh i wasn't able to kiss penelope
that's okay junior we can always do our
15 second kiss
[Music]