[Music]
um father what do you want Jeffy can we
play with my volcano volcano no Jeffy
it's going to make a mess a make my
volcano erupt daddy Jeffy stop it
Where'd you even get that at I found it
you didn't just find it why are you
wearing goggles because I am a Scientist
and is a scientific fact that all
scientists wear big Goofy goggles so in
other words let's blow up daddy
Jeffy language we're not going to play
with the volcano cuz I don't want to
make a mess come on Marvin support his
scientific creative imagination just do
it Marvin hell yeah Mommy okay fine
we'll do it but I don't want to make a
mess all right Daddy I'll go grab a
towel I have a feeling this Baby's a
squirter Jeffy your volcano's ready heck
yeah Danny Jeffy what are you wearing
it's my scientist outfit Daddy what are
you wearing I'm wearing a live coat so I
don't stain my clothes that's pretty MF
and sweet Jeffy I don't think your
volcano works I put sugar spice and I
put it very nice and it didn't erupt
well cuz you forgotten the secret
ingredient what's a secret ingredient
right here ew Jeffy what is that piss
Jeffy you're not putting your pee in a
volcano Jeffy you need to drink more
water I'm talking straight kidney stones
mommy Jeffy you're not putting that in
the volcano well I have to dny because
it makes it a rough it's not going to
erupt yes it will
watch wa it worked see D I told you it
would
work
sugar
spice and everything nice these were the
ingredients chosen to create the perfect
little volcano but Professor Marvin and
Jeffy purposefully added an extra
ingredient to the concoction chemical
piss thus the Powerpuff Jeffy were born
using their Ultra superpowers Jeffy
Bubbles and Buttercup have dedicated
their lives to fighting crime and the
forces of
evil power puff jeppy what do you want
we want to fight crime yeah that's what
we want to do well go fight crime I'm
trying to watch TV power jeffy's
initiate diaper smacking
sequence oh look at the TV crime there's
crime on the TV breaking news UK a
monkey is going around and stealing
women's purses no one has been able to
stop him and the police are asking for
someone to help oh no you guys got to
stop Mojo Jojo we got to stop him he's
such an evil monkey bananas let's go I
don't know why I'm walking around at
night all by myself caring my expensive
purse with lots of money in it Mojo Jojo
wants your purse so give it to me Mojo
Jojo give me a puss someone help I stole
a puss stop right there Mojo Jojo oh
Powerpuff Jeffy what are you doing here
you better give that Purge back right
now that's stealing bananas I don't know
why I sound like an Asian stereotype but
you'll never get this first well you got
to give that Purge back oh what are you
going to do about it beat your monkey
assh is that all you
C okay that hurt a little
bit curse you power puff
Jeffy we got her push back we save the
day yay let's go home hey Dad look we
got this lady's PSE back we'll give it
back to her don't have to do have to no
dad because we're going to get the money
out of her for a reward that's stealing
Jeffy no it's not cuz she would have
never got the push back if it wasn't for
us that's wrong no and we also found
this I think it's a
whistle must be broken it's not making a
noise Jeffy that's not a whistle then
what is it is it a push plug what what
that Jeffy put that put that down stop
bothering me no Daddy I want you to
explain what this is is it a fishing
pole no it's not okay t
look I'm going to teach those Powerpuff
Jeff a lesson for beating me up I WRA
this bomb up to look like a present so
when they open it Kaboom just like
Hiroshima and that's why women are in a
bad mood all the
time Jeffy oh I'm sorry D can you
explain it again I wasn't
listening I'll answer the door just stay
right
here
hello hello there's no one here a
birthday gift it's nobody's birthday huh
so Daddy girls really put these in their
butt what yes I don't know Jeffy look
there's a birthday gift at the front
door well it's it's not my birthday it's
making a ticking sound well I can't hear
anything cuz I got tampons in my ear it
is making a ticking sound it's a
birn bubbl you save today yeah don't
mention it who would send a bomb as a
birthday gift it was moo JoJo he don't
like guys we need to beat him up again
but whatever makes you guys leave and
stop bothering
me breaking news m a monkey has just
robbed a bank and got away with a couple
hundred, thousand the police are asking
for your help to find the monkey he
robbed a bank that monkey just never
learns let's go get him
guys I can't believe I more Jo JoJo just
brought the bank and got the away with
all of this cash and no one can stop me
now that I defeated all of the Power
Puff
Jeffy stop right there Mo Joo Powerpuff
Jeffy I thought I blew you away with
that bomb nope dang it all right guys be
him
up hey D look we got all to stolen money
back from the bank robbery we'll give
the money back to the bank no that's our
reward money now no it's not your reward
money look Jeffy you can't keep keeping
the things that you get back from the
people that stole them yes we can
because the good things that we're doing
need to be rewarded and so this is our
reward look Jeffy you three were given
great power and with great power comes
great responsibility you're like
Spider-Man Spider-Man man saves people
and he doesn't get paid well cuz he's an
idiot he wants to save all those people
and not get paid see firefighters get
paid police officers get paid paramedics
get paid and so we need to get paid so
paper Cash Cash green cash paper no look
Jeffy look look most Super Heroes don't
get paid Spider-Man doesn't get paid
Batman doesn't get paid well Batman
doesn't need to be paid because he's
already a bajillionaire see I need to be
paid because I need cash cuz hoes aren't
cheap they want filet minan they want
designer they want Gucci they want Louis
Vuitton Daddy they thirsty Jeffy listen
you're not keeping this money give it
back to the bank the you do have to
Jeffy you're just like a talk to the an
The Jeffy don't want listen I'm keeping
the
money it's time for those powerful Jeffy
to die I got a skunk and he's filled
with poisonous gas and as soon as he fs
and those Jeffy smell it oh they're
going to
die come on
SC Jeffy what are you even going to buy
with all that money bow toes and Toes
Daddy no Jeffy that's not a good reason
give it back to the bank a skunk how did
a skunk get in the house I don't know
Daddy but let's check it dirty pooper
wait what oh yeah just as I expected a
dirty little stink hole wait I don't
want to look at his butt Jeffy yep
smells like acorns and spinach but no
how did a skunk get in the house I can
talk to animals oh you want to talk to
his dirty little pooper hi I'm a dirty
poophole oh BL me a kiss but Jeffy let
her talk to the skunk hi Mr skunk what
are you doing here H monkey PID me to
come here and kill you with deadly gas
from ass kill us yes he PID me $ whole
doll to come in here and like big
hipping pile of right in your house
and then all of you die from exposure no
please don't kill us well I have to cuz
he pay me$ whole dollar and as you know
Russian money isn't worth right now
so I'll give you $10,000 not to kill us
thank you ladyy but how'd you get the
skunk to leave I gave him $110,000 see
Danny and you said that we should have
given that money back to the bank and if
we would have done that then the skunk
would have killed us with his dirty
little poophole shut up Jeffy the news
freaking news a monkey is threatening to
kill all of humanity with his death ray
the police are begging can someone
please help save the
world oh now that the power puff Jeffy
are all dead
I Mojo Jojo can finally conquer the
world and kill everyone with my death
ray and no one can stop me stop right
there Jojo Jojo dang it Powerpuff Tiffy
I thought you were dead how are you
still alive cuz you were just that MF
and good well it's time for you to die I
can shoot Fireballs from my
hand you killed Buttercup Bubbles get
him Las Vision activate
yeah no you killed bubbles two down one
left time to die I wish I had some other
power other than being a good leader oh
wait I still got one more thing the
fishing
bow give me a
gun now Mojo JoJo's dead Buttercup
Bubbles no
oh so once again the day was saved
thanks to Jeffy and his
tampon what's wrong
Jeffy use your words
Jeffy
Jeffy
killed okay Buttercup and Bubbles well
Mojo killed Buttercup and Bubbles yeah
JoJo had a death ray and he shot
Buttercup and Bubbles and they died no
yes oh no and then I had to take the
death ray and I had to
go and kill Mojo Jojo and then he died
well at least you're alive facts so what
did I miss where have you been I don't
know it just seemed convenient at the
time well Jeffy had two twins and they
all had superpowers and and they were
defeating this monkey who had like a a
tube brain and his name was Mojo JoJo a
Marvin you played with Jeffy today no no
we weren't playing this all happened
Jeffy tell her I don't know what you're
talking about Mommy um Daddy's a little
cucko in the clock up here you no no
Jeffy look at the shirt you're wearing
how'd you get the shirt you dressed me
up like a girl and you said I was the
prettiest girl ever no baby no you got
to believe me a Marvin I'm glad you had
fun today well we weren't playing
[Music]
oh