hmm my 8 hours of hard work to make is
finally done I can't wait to take it out
of the oven
hain't going what's wrong Jeffy oh my
choices PP don't sweetie me you go to
[ __ ] at me what did you do hold on
actually gravity made you drop your legs
on you you kick the ball in my face
Sippi that I did do oh yes you did that
yep well say you're sorry to chef peepee
I didn't yes you do Jeff if you say
you're sorry I'll make everything better
really yes well I'm sorry chef peepee I
still might Mario vert chef peepee
accept his apology I'm tryin teach Jeffy
manners so I'm teaching him how to say
I'm sorry so accept his apology he
knocked over my lasagna well fix it just
say just accept his apology so he learns
to say he's sorry
you know what Jeffy I accept your
apology I'm so happy that you knocked
over my lasagna you're welcome Sol happy
si Jeffy when you say I'm sorry it makes
everything better okay oh sorry Danny it
doesn't work like that
my phone's ringing hello
like your she where are you jail
how'd you end up in jail because the
rest of me for going trick-or-treating
like you sure it's not Halloween how
they arrest you for trick-or-treating
let me explain folk so I was walking
through the neighborhood right and so I
saw packages on people's front doorsteps
so I'd be too soon but like your she
that's stealing people's packages okay
what do people do on Halloween they put
candy on a front doorstep for people to
take and so I thought it would put
packages on a front doorstep for me to
take so I took so it just means they
haven't gotten their package inside
still look how much is your bail about
four to five thousand forty five
thousand black you what did you do it
Swami took the whole car you stole a car
yeah look I don't know if I'll be able
to bail you out this time but that's too
much money
I'll see what I could do the only rich
friend I have is Goodman I'll call him
oh hello hey Morgan
you asked me to come over yeah I need a
favor come inside hold on Mario I want
to show you something look at that
that's a black car not a disdaining
black car
it's a Tesla what the Tesla it's a car
that drives itself Mario it can drive
itself yeah it can drive itself while I
sit there and I look at my bank account
you see how rich I am I can even look at
a tinder and find myself a new maid okay
yeah it's my most favorite car ever it
drives itself so I never have to drive
again Mario it's absolutely brilliant
that's really cool yeah it's my most
favorite car ever
I would absolutely die if something
happened to it well nothing will happen
to it right cuz I can drive itself
absolutely Mario there's cameras all
around it so it avoids crashes so it'll
never be wrecked
that's really cool but I need you come
inside cuz I need a favor okay Martin
all right Mario so what favour did you
need from me well my friend will hold on
right there hold on one sec check that
out Mario you know what that is
money money on my background
i phone 11pro okay well anyway I invited
you over because my I hope you're not
about to ask me for money
because then I'd be mad uh well what
well hold on let me let me explain first
my friend needs some help and it
involves you you can solve the problem
oh how how could I saw his problem well
you have a lot of you say it you have a
lot of intelligence that yeah correct
which has given you the opportunity in
your life to make a lot of good choices
mm-hmm that have led to the the making
of frequent it's large amount of money
in jail and he needs the money to get
bailed out why would we need to bail him
out actually me why would my money be
needed to bail him out well well
actually I mean I just want him out of
jail because he doesn't like it in there
does he contribute to society well he
plays video games a lot and he I mean
he's arrested for stealing people's
packages that's where my package wind
well so anyway huh
why is Richard calling me decline like
you're not gonna answer that no so back
to your friend Mario ah I can't believe
I had to drive all the way out to this
poor neighborhood because my dad
wouldn't answer his phone we'll see what
he's doing
where's my data we sure can drive your
Lamborghini sure kid whatever where's my
dad oh I think he's upstairs with my dad
all right thanks oh man I can't believe
Richard's going let me drive exam
borghini come again
alright now how do you start this thing
oh it's a dish bar low
Oh oh man I shut your hand that Gatorade
scratches persons car but I don't know
whose car it is but but my daddy said
that as long as I tell him I'm sorry
it can't be mad so I'm gonna leave him a
note telling him oh I'm sorry there I'm
sorry now he can't be mad sir if you
could just give me the money how about
my friend I promise I'll pay you back
dad why on earth are you not answering
your phone I see that it's right there
Richard what are you doing here I drove
all the way out to port town to tell you
that you need to fire chives fire chives
why because I wanted to go out on the
yacht today but he said no because it
was gonna be raining or something now
Richard you know that you can't go out
on the yacht while it's raining because
they could get choppy
speaking of choppy chives also burnt my
pork chop this morning so you need to
fire him
well Richard we're not gonna have this
conversation right now you need to go
home and just deal with it I hit you dad
I hate you too son I wish I had a new
dad but he was still rich Richard go
home I hate you dad I want a new dad
kids huh Mario yeah kids mm-hmm oh I
hate my dad what is that
Sun oval so the answer is no Mario I'm
not gonna give you money so you can bail
your friend out of jail okay Dada Dada
Dada the weird kid with the blue helmet
he wrecked my Lamborghini what what did
you do
I'm gonna go check my car to see if he
hit my car okay what's the problem good
I'm sorry you're sorry
you better be more than sorry sorry
doesn't fix my dog I wasn't saying I'm
sorry I was reading I'm sorry oh so
you're not sorry well I didn't do this
Jeffy did okay well since you're the
parent you're still gonna fix this
look Jimmy didn't know what he was doing
I told him that as long as he told he
was sorry after he did something wrong
that everything would be okay
okay so you didn't teach your kid not
the key cars well I didn't know how to
say you were sorry for doing that I
don't even know what that is Mario well
maybe it'll buff out let's try that oh
look at that more you not buffing out oh
okay well if give me a chance to fix it
oh yeah you will fix it because if you
don't fix it I'm gonna take everything
you own
I'm gonna take your house I'm gonna take
your car I'm gonna take your hat
you know what Mario give me a hat now
you'll get this back when my doors fixed
so no more hat for you dad I'm gonna be
honest with you I don't even know what
are you doing I was you're swerving next
thing you know boom hit the car chubby
you have to go fix it because I can't
get my hat back until you fix it
okay just wear your spirit man oh yeah I
forgot I have more than one hat you're
gonna go on five are you gonna fix that
car all right Danny I can fix your
easy-peasy
yeah you better fix it easy-peasy all
right Jeffy fix it
already on it daddy that's a sharpie
yeah it's like magic just watch it
yep but that looks about not working uh
hande almost done - get down here Chevy
looks really bad guy come back in two
minutes and we'll be good okay I'll
trust you
all right Jeff it's been two minutes
how's it going it looks PP look baby
look colorful looki black one day I ran
out of block down here so I decided to
make two I'm sorry oh pretty pretty
pretty pretty it's a puppy couple cut me
I can't accept this
well Danny a colorful I'm sorry it's
better than not colorful I'm sorry in a
black car looks better with black doors
and not I'm sorry whoa Danny I ran out
of black okay Goodman is nothing exhibit
you cannot see this look let's go inside
and try to think of another way to fix
this clock all right all right jumpy if
we have to find a way to fix Goodman's
car hey mortgage you fixed my car yeah I
mean I mean kind of not really a little
more you how did you get your hat back
give me that that's my second hat not
anymore
it's my second half well why don't we
just go through car insurance you have
that I thought you're too poor what no I
have car insurance all right well let's
just do that then I guess oh really
yeah you still not get your hat back my
hat what about the money for my friend
okay well I mean at least we got that
problem fixed hello
no black ears I didn't forget about you
but I don't think I can bear you out of
jail why don't you say sorry daddy
[Music]