[Music]
all right
y I just had a terrible nightmare I
drank Tom Brady retired pointy that
wasn't a nightmare he retired months ago
oh God
like every night I know and then I wake
up and it's real oh boy it's okay do you
want to fool around that'll help you
feel better no it won't Karen you know
ever since Tom Brady retired I've had no
feeling at all down there I might as
well just donate it to somebody who can
actually use it well boy they do you
want to watch Tom Brady highlight reels
to help you fall asleep
okay boydy but not Super Bowl 52 I hate
that one okay or when he lost in the
playoffs to the Rams okay
breaking news okay Tom Brady has
announced he is coming out of retirement
and he's going to continue playing
football for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
are you okay boyday
before we need what's wrong you know
what that is that's the goal yeah that's
a gold the gold is Bad Bunny when did
your clothes come off I don't even
remember they just melted off of me from
pure joy oh what's this Karen take a
look oh oh my God boy
before I know it's like the Grinch's
heart it grew three sizes this day see
this is what Tom Brady does to me he
makes me that happy so boydy how do you
want to celebrate I want to go run in
the street I gotta tell everybody but
buddy it's on the door that notes of
people know about it hey everybody he's
back the gold is back all of our
problems are over now Brady's back
attention everyone attention I have
crapped my pants now who wants to wipe
me I'll start debating off at ten
dollars ten dollars do I hear ten
dollars mommy in the back ten dollars
daddy up front for fifteen fifteen
dollars no Jeffy We're not gonna bid on
who gets to wipe your poop butt
uh I'll answer the door baby you wipe
them what
now Jesus who is this hello Marvin
hey what's going on buddy the gold is
bad he's back what Tom MF and Brady he's
back he came out of retirement he did
yeah he said I'm not done bending over
all the other teams in the NFL he's like
take this every other NFL team that's
what he's doing tonight and his
supermodel wife
you know why are you naked oh I got so
excited when I heard the news that I
just ran out of my house naked you know
both of my grandparents are dead but I'd
rather have Tom Brady back I'll drink to
that yeah it's really exciting he was
only retired for like two months I know
I don't know how I was gonna live but
you know do you think he came out of
retirement because he saw all the
lettuce that I sent him saying that I
was gonna end it all if he didn't come
back I'm sure he read him yeah I bet he
did
never responded though man I'm so pumped
I just want to throw something hey can I
throw this uh no please don't sorry I
already threw it before you said no hey
you got a shirt I can borrow I have a
spare shirt inside oh man can I come in
I'm not done talking about this sure
buddy Marvin I wiped Jeffy thanks baby
know you had a twin brother okay that's
just insulting I am not nearly as bald
as him I mean look at this look look how
look how bald that is so bald and ugly
but you know what I'm not gonna get
upset because it's brainy day I heard
about that he's bad that's right he's
back cause he's the goal high five
all right screw me then hey do you mind
if I go into your fridge and get a beer
thanks
Marvin what's he doing here I don't know
baby he just showed up to the front door
naked what I don't know
Chef Pee Pee
Chef PeePee please answer me hey what's
going on here ever since Chef if he
found out that Tom Brady unretired he
hasn't moved he just keeps making that
face
what's he doing oh he's doing that
because Tom Brady's the goat and he's
back
Jesus Christ
exploded yeah Tom Brady can make you
feel like that
no speak to me now yeah baby
hey everybody I'm back just like me
you said one beer yeah yeah oh Tom Brady
said he was going to retire so I guess
sometimes [ __ ] just doesn't work out the
way you think huh because he said one
more beer a year well one more year
yeah I mean it's pretty cool hey hey
let me know it's cool cool
astounding okay yeah is amazing so I you
know what I'm gonna do I'm I'm gonna I'm
gonna take his ladman lie down and then
when I wake up this better not be a
dream or I'm gonna be pissed
just let him sleep Marvin
who's that it better not be another
drunk person hello hey it's me Tom Brady
Tom Brady what are you doing here well I
need your help son my help what do you
need my help with I'll let it come
inside and explain okay sir yes sir
who's at the door Marvin Tom Brady what
hi I'm Tom Brady
settle down oh oh is he okay oh well he
found out you were unretiring and he got
drunk oh yeah that'll happen you know
today is a national holiday it's
National me not really retiring day well
what do you need my help with well ever
since I retired the buccaneer signed a
new quarterback and now they can't
afford to pay me well what do you want
me to do about it I want you to go to
that new quarterback and break his
kneecaps you hear me break his kneecaps
yeah if he doesn't have kneecaps he
can't play football who's the new
quarterback
um something like Keck or Yak or snack
or something like that but listen you
break his kneecaps or I'll break yours
did Tom Brady just threaten me I think
he did
you do think baby but Marvin we have to
do it because when Tom Brady tells you
to do something
we don't even know the name of the new
quarterback
oh you know I'm done answering the door
you go answer it okay hello hey babe dad
what are you doing here guess you just
signed a two-year 100 million dollar
fully guaranteed contract with the
Buccaneers I did you see the money
you're the new quarterback for the
Buccaneers I sure am they signed me just
before Tom Brady came out of retirement
so I guess that old fart's just gonna
have to sit on the bench while I'm
throwing darts what are you doing here
well I just came to see if you wanted to
run away with me you know be my trophy
wife live in a big mansion occasionally
get cheated on but that's just the life
of a sports wife you know being with a
big Superstar like me you know what Jack
that sounds great how about you go
upstairs while I'll go pack my bags and
tell my husband all about it with
pleasure Marvin Dax at the door what
he's the new quarterback for the
Buccaneers you have to break his knees
you poor did you just call me poor yeah
because you are I am not poor oh yeah
well how many hundred million dollars do
you have I have no Millions exactly
that's why you're poor and I'm rich
because I have a hundred million dollars
so you're the new quarterback to the
Buccaneers yep sure am what about Tom
Brady he's old news he should never have
retired now I have his job well what are
you doing here then I just came to tell
you that I'm stealing your wife
uh uh so uh how's your knees feeling oh
my knees what a weird question but my
knees are great I have very healthy
knees I have like a newborn baby's knees
newborn babies can't walk a newborn baby
on steroids is what I meant to say look
man my knees are unbreakable oh well uh
baby before you run away with this
millionaire Superstar
um I want to fix this couch because it
is crooked oh yeah it sure is so I'm
gonna grab a hammer to fix the couch
poor people have to fix their Furniture
rich people like me can just buy a new
couch okay I got the hammer make sure
you hit it nice and good Marvin that's
what she's gonna say to me later oh look
there's a spot whoa bro watch out you
almost hit my precious kneecaps sorry I
was aiming for the couch huh it was
weird you know what I'm gonna hide my
knees around you oh baby he's hiding his
knees think of something Marvin
if you're happy and you know it show
your knees
if you're happy and you know it show
your knees wait a minute why are you so
interested in Dax knees I think I
thought that was gonna work uh hey Doc
while my wife packs up all her stuff and
moves in with you uh you want to go
throw the football in my house sure
little man I'll play football with you
what did your daddy never play football
with you when you were a kid maybe you
both want to call me Daddy because she
already does yeah you know what sure you
know yeah well let's just go play the
football in the house come on okay all
right little man catch what was that I
just ate popcorn Marvin why are you
playing games you're supposed to be
breaking his kneecaps baby I'm
distracting him by playing football I
hired a sumo wrestler to run at his
knees you did what oh there he is
sick whoa that was close he almost hit
my kneecaps hey catch Marvin dang it I
thought the Sumo wrestle was gonna work
what now Marvin I don't know the sumo
wrestler is my last option throw the
ball loser what kind of idea what if
when I throw the football you throw a
hammer at his knees he'll be too busy
focus on the ball he won't look at his
knees good idea Marvin okay let me get
the ball all right Dak are you ready
yeah all right baby after I throw the
ball you throw the hammer okay
whoa bro is that a hammer okay my knees
feel unsafe what baby you missed oh I'm
sorry I don't throw hammers every single
day oh look we have to go break his
knees come on foreign
I'm getting my money and I'm leaving
buddy why are you trying to leave I'm
starting to feel like you guys are
trying to break my kneecaps well I want
to break your knee why would we do
something like that well maybe Tom Brady
hired you to get me out of the way
it's the most ridiculous thing I've ever
heard I mean maybe but what I mean look
Tom Brady hires to break your kneecaps
because he wants to play and you're
taking his job and look you suck just
give him the job okay that's it
gotta break your kneecaps well you guys
are never gonna break my kneecaps never
never never
he fell on the stairs do you think he
broke his kneecaps I hope so oh God you
guys are so loud oh man my head hurts
what are you screaming about a guy fell
on the stairs oh oh no I'm a doctor I'll
go check on him I can't feel my knees
but Jack are you okay put on my kneecaps
hey I'm a doctor I can tell you what's
going on I think I have a concussion
because I'm seeing two of you well he
just barred my shirt we're not twins oh
yeah this is pretty bad both of your
kneecaps are broken no not my kneecaps
no
well Marvin we did it yeah we broke his
kneecaps wait you did that to him what
we were supposed to but it was like an
accident you guys actually did it you
sick bastards
Tom Brady yep that's me Tom Brady
[Applause]
you guys are [ __ ] weird what Tom
don't go
[Music]