so baby we haven't had a lone time in a
while I know Marvin we've just been so
busy with Jeffy but I think jeffy's in
his room right now so we can be alone oh
okay Jeffy stop why take me to Disney
World what Disney World I can't take you
to Disney World right now I got to show
Mickey Mouse my ducky toy Mickey Mouse
does not care about your ducky toy I got
to show him that it squeaks he's not
going to care that it squeaks see look I
see that it squeaks but Mickey Mouse
does not care Mickey Mouse is going to
go that's a cool ducky toy Jeffy hot
dogs okay he might say that but there's
no point going to Disney World just for
him to say that and then Goofy's going
to say G Jeffy that sure is a cool ducky
toy oh okay well look we don't need a go
just for you him to say that and then
Pluto's going to say bark okay and then
Donald Duck's going to go
ducky okay well look listen you already
did all the voices so you don't have to
hear them say it well no I don't go to
Disney World we're not going to Disney
World
Jeffy if you don't take me to Disney
World I'm going to squeak my ducky toy
all day
y Marvin how about we try distracting
him with something like what I don't
know maybe a scavenger hunt o a
scavenger hunt that would distract him
for a long time hey Jeffy we got
something we got something cooler than
Disney World what a scavenger hunt what
is that it's like a treasure hunt but
with no treasure at the end so then why
would I do it well because there's a
prize at the end of the scavenger hunt
is he Disney World maybe May or or
something cooler than Disney World what
corn and Disney World whatever the prize
is at the end of the scavenger hunt well
I don't want to do it well you're going
to do it okay how do we start the
scavenger hunt let me write down the
clues and hide them around the house
okay the scavenger Hunt's about to start
all right Marvin I HIIT all the clues
all right let's get Jeffy started on the
scavenger hunt and then we can be alone
okay all right Jeffy are you ready to
start the scavenger hunt no well you're
going to do it anyway all right clue
number one got a runny nose no let me
finish or dust on your shoes no no need
to cry I'm not simply hunt for what
would you hunt for rabbits rabbits how'd
you get rabbits well you know how they
say oh it's rabbit season I'm hunting
rabbits it's not rabbits Jeffy look if
you had a runny nose what would you wipe
your nose with my arm e okay well if you
had dust on your shoes how would you get
the dust off I'd wipe them on the carpet
if you were crying what would you do get
over it Jeffy you're supposed to answer
the riddle rabbits it's not rabbits
Marvin maybe we should help him with
this one okay the answer is tissues
tissues how is it tissues you've never
heard anyone say it's tissue season I'm
going to go hunt some tissues why'd you
put hunt well it's a scavenger hunt you
should have put look cuz now he thinks
hunting is rabbits all look Jeffy the
answer is tissues go find a box of
tissues and then I get to go to Disney
World well there's going to be another
clue on the tissue box just go find a
box of
tissues okay now that Jeffy started his
scavenger hunt we can be all alone now
yeah we can all right d I found your
tissues Jeffy you're not supposed to
bring the ti issues to us why I won now
I get to go to Disney World no I never
said that you have to finish the
scavenger hunt you have to find the next
clue well where's that at flip it over
Jeffy it's on the
bottom look there's the clue Jeffy Read
It Go on the scavenger hunt leave us
alone I can't read it why my eyes don't
work yes they do Jeffy I turned them off
baby read it one hand is longer than the
other but you don't need a dock it has
numbers 1 through 12 I think it's time
to look at a boat boat how' you get boat
well because there's a dock right there
and that's where you park a boat no not
that kind of a dock a dock like a doctor
well then why didn't you write doctor on
the clue what what rhymes with Doc Jeffy
um lock you add a c in front of that
clock yeah the answer is clock Jeffy go
find a clock well how do a clock have
hands clocks have two hands and one is
bigger than the other no they don't have
hands yeah they do Jeffy they have hands
on their face oh you guys are smoking
some
I'm going to go find a clock and it
better have hands and it better look at
me with its face just go find a clock
that's what the next clue is all right
hopefully Jeffy is distracted right now
with the scavenger hunt and we can be
alone now yeah all right you guys got
some explaining to do I don't see the
hands and I don't see the face and I
don't want to see them Jeffy every time
you find something you're not supposed
to bring it to us you're supposed to
figure it out on your own but I want to
see your face in hands Jeffy it's just
called a clock face do you see a face
Jeffy it's it's right there yeah Jeffy
the face is right there oh then you guys
better definitely give me whatever
you're smoking cuz I don't see a face or
hands is it a scary face does it look
like this oo no it does not look like a
scary face look look there's a clue on
the back of the clock flip it
over read it no no Jeffy we're not
helping you anymore the whole point in
this scavenger hunt is for me and Mommy
to have some alone time so look you need
to go figure this out look go get some
friends to help you okay so at the end
of the scavenger hunt and am I going to
get to go to Disney World uh I I I I
don't know a there's a prize at the end
of the scavenger hunt and I don't know
what it is what is it don't don't don't
tell me look just go on the scavenger
hunt get some friends to help you and
you might possibly go to Disney World
cuz I'm going to be really pissed if I
do all this scavenger hunt and I don't
get to go to Disney World look just go
through all the clues please all okay we
going to be alone now hey Cody check out
my cool new remote control car oh cool
can I play with it yeah just don't break
it okay I'll try not to yeah just be
very careful with it let's see
Cody oh oh no it better not be broken
I'm sorry hey guys can you guys help me
with my scavenger hunt what a scavenger
hunt yeah my mommy and daddy told me
that if I completed it they would take
me to Disney World oh cool can we go
yeah I want to go to Disney World yeah
if you guys help me with my scavenger
hunt and y'all can go to Disney World
with me I want to go to Disney World
okay Cody Let's help with the scavenger
hunt okay let's see getting a little
hungry perhaps you have a date search
for this round item a meal fits nicely
on a bowl yeah it's Bowl yeah you can
eat cereal in a bowl so it says getting
a little hungry so you eat out of a bowl
uh yeah and it's round okay let's go in
the kitchen and find a bowl okay all
right guys the bowl is in here look
there's the bowl right there yeah we did
it we get to go to Disney World yeah
Cody there's a piece of paper under that
plate what what's this let's see but
it's another clue why would they put a
clue under the plate it was supposed to
go under the bowl yeah what's it say
need to wash your hands without water oh
my what a Miser maybe you need a bottle
of uh water well no it says without
water who washes their hands without
water yeah that's gross that is gross uh
a bottle of shampoo well I mean you'd
still need water to wash it off your
hands oh Sprite you can use a bottle of
Sprite to wash your hands well you could
but then your hands would just be sticky
hey guys look there's another clue over
here another clue why is it under a
bottle of hand
sanitizer oh that rhymes with Miser yeah
they're supposed to rhyme okay so what's
this clue say uh they are always have a
good view but they won't send you a bill
look under a window the next clue is on
a stripper what look they have a good
view and they won't send you a bill well
yeah I guess that's true but why would a
stripper be under a window huh what else
could it be oh binoculars they have a
good view oh yeah binocular okay we got
look for binoculars h a duck yeah yeah
they don't send you their bill they keep
their bill yeah a duck with binoculars
would have a really good view and a bill
yeah so we got to find a duck with
binoculars that strips that's under a
window yeah
start start searching Windows here ducky
ducky ducky you got some money to throw
at you hold on guys I'll do the ducky
call are you guys looking under the
window yeah I just don't see them oh
guys I found a clue but where's the duck
with the binoculars he probably got
tired of standing here and went home huh
well he left this clue on this window
seal let me read it the Sun is bright
today even through your eyelashes
perhaps you should protect your eyes
look for a pair of safety goggles yeah
you got to protect your eyes and put on
safety goggles that's got to be it all
right guys go look in the drawers in the
kitchen for safety goggles okay
no no no check that one okay ooh I found
some sunglasses but sunglasses I thought
it was safety goggles must have been
sunglasses let's see what the clue says
this thing can show you lots even
pictures of pter it has keys and a mouse
why don't you look for a computer it's
computer it's computer yeah I look at
pictures of pter on my computer all the
time let's go to the computer all right
Cody there's my computer all right show
me some poter oh we found a clue are you
covered in slime well I will be when I
get done using this computer do you need
a good scrub grab some soap and water
and head for the handy dandy sink it's
got to be sink yeah cuz it says do you
need a good scrub and you scrub your
hands in the sink with soap and water
yeah all right let's go to the sink and
get the next clue all right guys do you
see the clue no I don't see it I don't
see anything guys the clue has to be in
the sink cuz the sink is the answer yeah
check under the sponge okay no it's not
there uh well look grab the last clue
maybe we're missing something okay it
has to be sink see because it says do
you need a good scrub grab some soap and
water and head for the handy dandy sink
it has to be sink it has to be sink wait
wait wait Cody it says the handy dandy
maybe we have to call a handyman cuz the
next clue is inside the sink and we need
a handyman to get inside the sink yeah
that has to be it okay let's call a
handyman okay hey there you call a
handyman uh yes sir uh we need your help
getting a clue that's inside the sink
what a clue blue what are you playing
blu's Clues how'd the dog even get its
paw in the sink how did Steve draw that
no no no we're doing a scavenger hunt
and one of the clues is inside the sink
oh I'm kind of mean to the person who
put the scavenger hunt together to hide
it in the sink like that I mean what do
you even get for winning the scavenger
hunt if we win we get to all go to
Disney World yeah really can I go yeah
everyone gets to go if we win oh okay
let me just open up the sink and see if
I can find your clue yeah the clue
should be in there let's see
here H it's not in there what the clue
is not in there no I opened up all the
pipes and I checked all of them and then
put them all back together and there was
no clue in there oh no no it has to be
in the sink well do you even know for
sure that it's in the sink well look
there's the last clue tell if it's in
the sink huh let's see are you covered
in slime do you need a good scrub grab
some soap and water and head for the
handy dandy guys come on it's shower
it's the shower yeah obviously that you
know that has soap and water and that's
where you scrub it's got to be the
shower okay let's go check the shower
yeah all right guys we're in the shower
do you see any clues no M oh guys I
found a clue it's in the bathtub oh it
was bathtub oh yeah bathtub no it was
shower see cuz the shower is connected
to the bathtub so I win me let me read
the next clue all right these things can
be very sharp they aren't for beginners
if you need to cut out of shape just
look for some knives knives yeah it's
got to be knives they're sharp they're
not for beginners and they cut things
yeah knives yeah it's got to be knives
all right then let's go in the kitchen
get some knives yeah oh man just got
done cleaning the entire kitchen guys
guys guys the knives are over there o
let me see Junior what are you doing in
the kitchen and be careful with those
knives we're doing a scavenger hunt Chef
Pei well why are you messing up my
kitchen because if we win the scavenger
hunt we all get to go to Disney World oo
can I go to Disney World too yeah if we
win we all get to go oh well why is he
messing with those knives because
there's a clue on one of those knives
Chef peee there's not a clue on those
knives Junior I just watch those knives
they're spotless well well then help us
with this because we think the answer is
knives well let me see these things can
be very sharp they aren't for beginners
if you need to cut out a shape just look
for some it's scissors Junior scissors
yes it's a scissors Junior you can't cut
out a shape with a knife you need
scissors well guys Chef pip says the
answer is scissors nah he's dumb yeah
it's not scissors scissors it's not
scissors Chef where the scissors at then
oh they're right here it's a pair right
here guys Chef was right the answer is
scissors come over here the Clue the
clue all right guys the last clue is in
here is this the last clue well yeah cuz
it says last clue right there you
haven't gone Bonkers perhaps you should
color with crayons or your brand new car
it has to be car so we can drive the
Disney World yeah that makes sense I
think we're all getting new cars we all
get brand new cars we can't even drive
yet wait who do we go to to get the cars
my dad cuz he the one who set this whole
scavenger thing up all let's go get him
the car sorry Marvin I just woke up I
was just so tired after making that
scavenger hunt but we've been alone for
so long and jeffy's been distracted we
could have been doing so much fun stuff
but you've been sleeping the time I'm
sorry Marvin but now we can do whatever
you want oh really yeah we get brand new
cars we get brand new cars we get brand
new cars what is everyone talking about
well we finished the scavenger hunt so
now we get brand new cars yeah we're
ready for our brand new cars in the TR
to Disney World where'd you guys get car
from well Daddy the last sentence of the
last clue says perhaps you should color
with crayons or your brand new car
bunkers doesn't rhyme with car well no
one's saying that it does we just want
our car what to trip to Disney World the
answer is not car well then what is it
is it jet ski cuz I'll ride to Disney
World on a jet ski that's cool yeah
that's pretty cool no baby show them
what it is okay I'll read it to you is
this the last clue you haven't gone
Bonkers perhaps you should color with
crayons or your brand new
markers you you you're joking right yeah
where's the car you're telling me that
we did this entire scavenger hunt just
to get markers they're they're washable
yeah so if you if you like color on the
walls we can wash it off but but we're
still going to go to Disney World though
right yeah yeah yeah Disney World right
no no one's going to Disney
World get you get markers Jeffy go color
with your markers so you're telling me
no Disney World no new cars and I only
get markers they're washable markers
there's 10 of
them you mother
[Music]