hey Junior ready for school yeah let me
just finish my Cookie Crisp Cookie Crisp
it's cookies for breakfast that's insane
you can't have cookies for breakfast
that's a dessert food this is absolute
lunacy you can't do anything thanks
Junior I get really worked up over
Cookie Crisp guys guys guys I was
digging in a dumpster looking for my
breakfast and guess what I found trash
no three tickets to Legoland legol land
oh I've always wanted to go to Legoland
I love Legos dude we should totally go
yeah we should go this weekend no we
can't the tickets expire today well
today we can't go today we have school
Cody Legoland is worth skipping school
for I mean that would be cool but our
parents are going to ground us Cody why
don't you just ask your mom if you can
go well my mom's not going to let me
skip school maybe if she knows it's for
Legoland she'll let you go I can't I
guess it can't hurt to ask yeah go call
your mom and I'll ask cha peipi I don't
have parents okay well I'm going to call
Chef peipi and you ask no one cuz you
don't have any parents okay dude well
I'mma to eat my burger he looks so
delicious don't he that's a fortnite toy
he's still
good hey chefi no Junior you cannot skip
school to go to dumb Legoland how do you
know what I was going to ask I overheard
you you and your friends are super loud
now go to school right now and I better
not hear that you skip school or I'mma
tell your daddy
okay come on Mom answer the phone hey
Cody why are you calling did you miss
the bus or you just missing mommy bear
well I am missing mommy bear but that's
not why I'm calling I I just wanted to
know if I could skip school and go to
Legoland today now Cody you know your
education comes first well I I I know
but the tickets expired today baby what
is that boy asking you he wants to go to
egoland or something I guess it's full
of waffles what hit me that phone woman
now Cody there's no way you're going to
become the first black president by
skipping school uh dad there is so many
things wrong with what you just said but
I'll take that as a no I won't skip
school hey guys CH peipi said no Junior
you cannot skip school to go to them
Legoland wow Junior that was a really
good Chef peee impression thanks I've
been practicing what did your parents
say uh they said a lot things but it was
no oh this sucks yeah let's go to school
oh we're not going to school we're going
to Legoland we are of course we are but
Junior our parents said no Cody this is
the only time in our life that we get to
go to Legoland for free but how well um
oh I know I got an idea how we can go to
school and Legoland at the same time
Junior that's impossible no we can get
Penelope to pretend to be us at school
but how is she going to pretend to be
all three of us I don't know she's smart
she'll think of something but why would
she even help us she hates you I'm going
to blackmail her with her deepest
darkest secret to get her to do it
what's your de dark a secret I don't
know yet does anyone know her Secrets no
I don't know dude what about you Cody uh
she did tell me one secret what is it I
can't tell you I pinky promis with
strawberry shortcake on top that's so
gay Cody what is it I can't tell you
Cody come on okay you know what fine you
don't want to tell us then you go to
school and me and Jose will go to legol
land no come on that's not fair I want
to go then tell us her secret okay she
she still pees the bed sometimes unless
she has a glass of warm milk before bed
[Applause]
in my ear that's so
embarrassing oh my God I'm going to make
fun of her no come on she told me that
in confidence well look I'm going to
call her and tell her that if she
doesn't pose for as us at school and and
help us skip school then I'm going to
tell the whole world that she still pees
the B all right guys it's ringing Junior
why are you calling me I'm getting ready
for school hey P nelopey hey pee the bed
nelopey hey pee the bed at night nelope
unless you have a a what was it a glass
of warm milk a glass of warm milk Junior
how do you know about that Cody told me
tell Cody I hate it a Cody she hates you
you made her cry oh man well anyway p
nelopey u me Cody and Joseph are going
to skip school today and go to Legoland
so we want you to help us get school by
pretending to be us at school so make
sure we don't get caught and if we get
caught we're going to tell the whole
world you pee the bed God I hate you
Junior so you going to do it yes just
shut up about it okay all right guys it
works
H I lost a friend today Cody you don't
need her as a friend you have us ow
we're your best friend ow
stupidy
dummy loser oh yeah you guys are the
best let's go to Legoland guys legol
land my dream come true let's go in dude
let's go uhoh guys Chef B's here look
look they made Chef B out of Lego oh
dude we should totally get a selfie with
him go let's go let's go oh I got it I
got it oh it can't be cheffy because the
pizza's not burned
[Music]
a almost
done uh-oh I cut his hair off maybe the
teacher won't notice all right CR before
we start today I'm going to call Ro so
when I say your name you say here oh no
what do I do
Cody uh here well Cody did you get a
haircut you look bald uh yeah I let my
mom cut my hair and she cut all my hair
off what you let your mom cut your hair
dude what are you fine shut up Joseph
you're bald too at least I'm not dating
a doll dude he's not a doll Joseph PR
settle down no arguing Jeffy are you
here here and not as your piece of paper
shut up Jeffy okay Joseph are you here
uh yeah dude I'm here okay Junior are
you here yeah I'm here and Cody's mom is
a fat pig stop talking about my mom
Junior well she is she's fatty fat fatat
CR what did I say about arguing stop it
panope are you
here yeah I'm here why you out of breath
Penelope were you too busy looking at me
and I took your breath away shut up
Junior no I think that's everyone I
can't see it anyway all right so what
we're going to do today is we're going
to go around the craft and everyone's
going to say the ABC's backwards we'll
start with you
Junior Z YX w v u t Sr Q hey hey look
guys it's a camel made out of Legos
hello my name is Camille Habib habab
Camille has in camel Habib is in corn on
the cob and I hope you enjoy legol land
today did that thing just talk let's get
out of here oh no Cody your Mom's here
she is I don't want to get caught where
is she she's right there a big fat
elephant g f e d c b a
very good paneri now what I want you
guys to do is take out a pencil and a
piece of paper because we're going to
write a 100w essay and they all have to
be different oh my God kill me hey nerd
let me borrow a pencil my parents can't
afford school supplies hey nerd I'm
talking to you okay if you're going to
ignore me I'm going to take your doll ha
I got your doll what I'm going to throw
them why isn't it bothering you I only
bully people to get reactions because I
don't get attention for my parents at
home all right that's it I'm going to
I'm going to beat you
up oh oh God oh God oh God I ripped his
head off oh God what did I do I killed
him police police this kid just ripped
the other kid's head
off God all right all right I'm here
what happened I didn't mean to do it I
swear I Didn't Know My Own Strength I'm
so sorry all right tell it to the judge
come on Bucky
ooh guys let's go in this ride oh yeah
dude it looks sick uh I don't want to go
on it it looks kind of scary what dude
you're afraid Junior don't be such a
wuss what if it like falls off the
tracks it's not going to fall off the
tracks this is legol land they have the
best safety yeah come on Cody let's ride
it yeah well I'm going to stay right
here and just watch come on Joseph let's
go ride the great Lego race coaster
since Junior's a boy yeah let's do it
dude I can't believe Junior didn't want
to ride this ride yeah dude he's so lame
Hey look it's it's Joseph M con hey guys
huh what was
that just went off the tracks oh that's
what that noise was yeah that happens
all the time this is legol Land wait
aren't you supposed to be in school hey
get back here well your friends broke
every bone in their bodies especially
Joseph I'm pretty sure he's in a coma oh
man and that's a waste of Cookie Crisp
you're not going to tell my parents are
you that you wasted Cookie Crisp I don't
think they'd care no no no that we
skipped school oh no no you kids have
suffered enough and besides there's no
way they can hide these injuries from
their parents they're going to have to
tell them well can we Sue Legoland for a
million bajillion
well first of all it's Legoland I'm
pretty sure they don't have a million
bajillion dollars and also no because
you signed a waiver when you came into
the park that said they're not
responsible for any injuries this sucks
yeah well I got to go do an autopsy on a
kid to get his head ripped off so Cody
how you feeling I feel like I broke
every bone in my
body hey guys why you out of breath
Penelope were you too busy looking at me
and I took your breath away shut up
Junior no how did school go it was a
disaster we got caught everybody penell
PE the bed no the teacher fell for it
what then how was the disaster bully
ripped Cody's head off what what
happened to you guys oh the roller
coaster came off the tracks and they
broke every bone in their body well at
least it was worth it no it wasn't I
regret all of it guys at least we didn't
get caught you guys posted that you were
in Legoland what was the point of me
covering for you at school no no we
didn't post Cody did you post no why
would I do that Joseph said right here
ha haa skip school to go to Legoland #
parents will never know Joseph you post
on Facebook we're going to loog land
it's all your fault Joseph but Own It
Joseph be a man stop giving me the
silent treatment Junior he's in a coma I
don't want to hear that excuse you know
what go on your phone right now and
delete the post delete it what's this
passcode I'll just use face ID look look
at it look at it Junior his face is in a
cast well you
know what Junior that's not going to get
rid of the picture well it got rid of
him and that's the only thing that made
me mad so now I feel better Junior can
you get me a bottle of water oh oh wow
now you want something go get it
yourself Junior I broke every bone in my
body is that even an excuse I wish you
would have broke your mouth then you
wouldn't have been talking and making
annoying noises officer Simmons have you
called to inform the parents that their
boy's head get ripped off yet no not yet
sir I'm not really good at giving bad
news it's part of the job Simmons all
right sir I'll do it right
now hello hey this is Officer Simmons I
was calling to inform you that your
son's head got ripped off by another
student today at school is he okay no
he's dead oh oh my wait wait what's
going on baby Cody's head got ripped off
he's dead wait who you know the little
one with the glasses oh oh oh okay baby
yeah yeah yeah Cory Cory well one let M
the feed thanks for letting us know
officer yeah no problem I can see that
you're taking it hard so if you need
someone to talk to call someone else
thanks officer how are you feeling Cody
honestly I've been better sorry about
telling them about your PE secret yeah
I'm still mad about that that's fair ow
Junior I got him a stupid Bott of water
could you open it for me God princess
what else you want me to do for you
could you pour it in my mouth okay now I
know what I'm being taken advantage of
I'm not doing that junior he broke every
bone in his
body that's all I hear when you talk god
who's at the door oh no Junior what if
it's my parents well why don't you go
answer it I'm in a body cast I wish you
in a body bag so I have to hear your
mouth hello hey Cody's friend we came to
invite you to Cody's funeral yeah we
having a Cody death bash this going to
be hard liquor tickle Bitties andent
like Sin City we're going to party like
it's 1995 [ __ ] yeah that's the your Toy
Story came out baby damn right mhm well
Cody's not dead oh no I know you're just
grieving but Cody is dead he got his
head ripped off see I told him to do the
neck exercises but he don't listen well
no he's upstairs that's right he is
upstairs with the man upstairs yeah man
upstairs talking about God or he in hell
if he ain't been praying well no no he
is alive he's still alive he's upstairs
in my room wait alive like living well
damn it Tyrone we're going to lose the
deposit on the DJ and the strippers no
no no baby the strippers are coming
either way look look let's just go in
here and make sure our son's still alive
okay don't cancel the DJ yet who's at
the door Junior your parents what damn
it there he is still breathing damn it
Cody we thought your head get ripped off
and stuff uh no I just broke every bone
in my body because we went to Lego oh no
no no uh we're having a school play
called the paraplegic mummy and he got
the lead rooll as the mummy uh yeah yeah
that's it I I I'm a paraplegic mummy ah
run from the paraplegic mummy a
scary I'm going to get you as long as
there's ramps oh my little boy is the
star of the school play oh he's like a
little Leonardo DiCaprio uh-huh wait
what is this paper what Cody's death
bash what the hell guys it was supposed
to be the biggest party of the year and
then you want to be all alive and [ __ ]
but you were going to celebrate my death
well it would have been a celebration
but you're still alive so go get your
little alive ass back home and pull
weeds to pay for the
DJ well at least we didn't get caught
haha Penelope you still be the bed
[Music]