pee booo johy don't say that Jeffy pee
booo Johnny stop saying that PE booo
johy Jeffy stop it pee poo poo diny
knock it off hey guys hey what are you
doing here well last week my grandfather
died a I'm so sorry don't be I'm already
over it see he left me a buttload of
cash and guess what I spent it on what I
opened up a brand new Freddy Fazbear's
pizzeria why would you do that the last
place tried to kill us multiple times
yeah well don't worry this place is
going to be way better because I opened
a sister
location and this one's totally
different because I updated all the
animatronics so they're not as scary and
I installed shot collar so whenever they
try to kill you they get a shock they're
still going to try to kill us maybe but
that's what the shot collars are for I
mean yeah one of them did eat my
daughter but that's her fault because
she didn't shock him fast enough no one
wants to go to a place where the
animatronics can kill you I'm not going
well that's okay because you're not
invited I was inviting Marvin and Jeffy
my two best friends we're not going
either especially if they can still kill
us oh come on I need two people to check
it out and tell me if it's good before I
open it up to the public what would we
get out of it I'll pay you oh money is
nice but can you promise that they won't
hurt
us so you promise they won't hurt us
yeah come on let's just
go okay welcome to the sister location
so if you'll notice when you first walk
in the lobby is an elevator wait the
whole Lobby is an elevator yeah so you
go right in through the front door into
an elevator that's weird you don't like
it do you well no no it's Unique no the
way you said that makes it sound like
you don't like it no it's it just I've
just never never seen that before okay
well I will work on the lobby not being
an elevator but for right now it is so
I'm going to press the second floor
button oh God sounds like it's going to
break yeah I think there are rats
chewing on the cables I got to work on
that well at least the elevator music's
nice thank you I made it myself oh okay
that was rough yeah I got to fix that
too and the doors don't open at the same
time that's another thing I got to work
on what is this oh yeah sorry about that
the hallways aren't finished yet but the
hallways aren't finished how are we
going to get to the Next Room well we
got to crawl in through the vents what
craw through the vent why would you
invite us to test out a place it's not
even done yet because I don't like being
here alone it's scary well I don't want
to be here either if it's scary look
you're already here just crawl through
the vents with me it's a very nice vent
I spent so much money on it okay fine
we'll Crawl Through the
vents see I told you the vents were nice
I mean they are very big yeah I made
them just big enough for an animatronic
to crawl through why would you do that I
don't know now that I'm thinking about
it that seems like a really bad idea I
should have made him just big enough for
me H I hope that doesn't come back to
bite me in the ass I'm a caterpillar
yeah so if you just follow Jeffy through
to the end of the event we'll be in
another room
okay okay so this is the first room
which is my office I don't know why I
decided to make it look scary as
yeah it's really dark you could add more
lights and make it more colorful oh
that's a good idea but I like to spend a
lot of time in here cuz I can keep track
of stuff while I build but before we go
any further I'm going to need you guys
to sign a waiver in case you get eaten a
waiver yeah it's really just more of a
formality so just go ahead and sign
right there I'm not signing anything cuz
I don't want to get eaten no come on
sign it just type my name name yeah it's
all glitchy it's a little buggy I don't
know what letter I just pressed that's
okay it just counted as two just's keep
going Marvin okay I don't know what I'm
pressing sign your name I I don't know
what I just did okay this look I
saw you try and that's all that matters
Jeffy all I need is an I do I do there
you go you are now responsible for your
own safety so you guys want to see
Funtime foxy what Funtime foxy yeah let
me turn the light on damn light see
there he is Funtime foxy why is he
called Funtime foxy because we have a
fun time say hi foxy foxy says hi he's
just shy right now now you guys want to
see balora who's balora she's the
hottest robot in town she has huge cans
what yeah let me show you oh I I don't
see anything yeah she's not there right
now hold on let me just electrocute her
till she gets back in
place what yeah there she is isn't she
hot Marvin uh so it's like a a robot
girl yeah oh the things I've done to her
you wouldn't believe it all right let's
get back in the vents so I can showare
you another room back in the vents yeah
it's all vents come on okay cill time
why are we only traveling through air
vents because the hallways aren't done
yet and I don't want to spoil the
surprise for how cool the hallways are
going to be how cool can hallways be oh
they're going to be so cool you're going
to look at the hallways and say are
these rooms and I'll be like no they
just get you to Rooms I don't understand
why you're doing so much work on the
hallways look the hallways are really
going to be the main attraction all
right let's keep
crawling okay guys so this was supposed
to be baby's room who's baby well you
see my daughter designed her own
animatronic named baby but then it came
to life and it ate her I was like well I
told you not to play with that but now
she's trapped inside an animatronic so
where is she she's in there she's in
timeout with the lights off right now
hold on let me turn the lights back
on okay well she's not in there I guess
I'm going to have to electrocute her
until she comes back you're going to
electrocute your own daughter yeah why
not all right Penelope you better get
your ass back in there all right let me
turn the light back on okay well she's
in there but the lights are shitty
Penelope get your dead robot ass in
here what Dad I just wanted to ruce your
freakish self to my friends friends meet
My Life as a Teenage Robot hi hi see
it's weird cuz she's like dead but not I
don't really understand how it works but
hey she can dispense ice cream I mean
she told me she can I've never actually
seen her do it give me ice cream no Dad
don't make me electrocute you young
lady don't report me to Child Services
dad there's these little things called
bitty baps or some and they're
going to like hurt you Penelope what the
 are you talking about I don't know
okay well I'll be the lookout for Betty
Boop or whatever it is you said now get
out of here go do your homework dad I'm
dead I don't have homework okay well
just go so guys that's pretty much the
whole place so that's all you've worked
on you want to show us this yeah I mean
I do have a scooping room what are you
doing there well it's where I scoop
scoop what I don't know stuff it's fun I
scoop things look come on come watch me
scoop get in the vents caterpillar time
again this is so inconvenient crawling
through Vince as an adult I know I know
but look the hallways are going to be
totally worth it I promise you keep
saying the hallway are going to be worth
it there's no way they're going to be
worth
it okay so this is the scooping room
what's the point in this room well this
is where I scoop things of course let me
show you see right here this is my scoop
see I'm going to scoop that mask right
there I'm going to scoop it scooping see
oh this is a tough one to scoop try to
scoop it see see I I scooped it you get
it you know what a scoop is what's the
point any of this are you ever going to
open it to the public I don't know right
now it's just kind of my own personal
playground oh what happened Dad the
power went out oh well thank you for
telling me Penelope can you go fix it no
dad that's your job oh yeah well what if
I shock you oh that's right it doesn't
work because the power's out H I really
hope we don't run into any of the
animatronics I've been abusing that
would suck okay guys let's get back in
the vents we got to go to the circuit
breaker
room it's so dark in the vents without
any lights yeah I don't have any
flashlights all I have is the light from
my phone's camera and it only works when
I take a picture why I don't know what's
broken or something well take a picture
so we can see where we're going okay did
you see that no I was looking at my
camera what happened take another
picture did you say that yeah I am
 terrified what take another one
okay now it's gone good now we can keep
going okay come on Jeffy can
time man I really hate having to use my
camera like this I found your flashlight
oh that's great this was getting really
old just hold it right there I'll fix
the circuit breaker oh yeah I forgot
this is just a picture of a circuit
breaker you just put up a picture of a
circuit breaker not a real one yeah I
haven't put the real circuit breaker in
yet so I just have a picture There To
Remind Me of where it's supposed to go
that's the stupidest thing I've ever
heard I know uh that that thing behind
you it face is open oh yeah it is that's
a Funtime Freddy hold on I'll go fix it
Freddy what are you doing your face
isn't supposed to be open like that
unless someone's working on you let me
just close that back up for you good as
new oh okay well you're not supposed to
be doing that no you are not actually I
should probably stop touching Freddy's
nose foxy said he'll kill me if I touch
Freddy's nose 20 times why 20 times I
don't know me and Foxy are cool in every
other way but that's the one boundary he
has he does not like it when I touch
Freddy's nose 20
times don't do that please please please
don't do that oh
 guys guys we need to hide right now
Foxy's coming quick hide behind this
file cabin okay okay okay everybody hide
back here and keep your heads down so
foxy doesn't see us what you said to
keep your head down I'm curious Marvin
you know this about me oh no Foxy's here
he looks so pissed wait what's going on
oh it looks like they're chitchatting I
really hope Freddy doesn't tell foxy
where we are oh oh no Freddy's pointing
at us I think maybe he just ratted us
out oh yeah yeah he definitely just told
foxy what he wants to know oh no they
just High fived I think we're in trouble
oh Foxy's coming cow cow cow do you
think he's gone I don't know I don't
hear him okay I'm GNA stick my head up
real quick and if he's there I don't
know what my plan is okay
and hey there foxy uh you know what I I
Dro my pen let me just grab that real
quick run to the vents run to the vents
quick quick R to the vents as F you
can what the was that is that the
thing your daughter wers about that
looked nothing like Betty boob come on
let's get the hell out of here oh damn
it this isn't the elevator room those
vents are so confusing because we should
be using hallways they're not ready yet
okay let's get back in the fence and
find the elevator and get out of here oh
no what it's
balora why is her face open like that I
don't know man I made the animatronics
when I was drunk and I was thinking of
freaky stuff you really like shocking me
don't you uh yeah well now it's time for
me to shock you come here boy get the
vents all right everyone get in the
vents okay wait a minute no no no don't
look we got to hurry no wait did you
really build vents in the hallways okay
fine I admit it there were never going
to be hallways okay I built the vents in
the hallways because I thought the vents
were cool I thought we could crawl
around like Chuck-E-Cheese but then you
 on it and it made me embarrassed so
I didn't want to tell you the truth this
is the stupidest place I've ever seen I
know you're telling me that we could
have had hallways but you built Vents
and we have to crawl around everywhere
we go I'm sorry okay let's just get in
the vent keep crawling keep crawling hey
Dad Penelope what are you doing in here
I'm in the vents I'm trying to help you
follow me well yeah take us to the
elevator room quit dad in here in here
wait Penelope this is the scooping room
not the leaving room oopsie wait why are
all the animatronic ICS in pieces wait
Marvin what is that y'all better run
Marvin what the is that what is
that thing I don't know what Penelope
what is that I don't know wait I think I
understand I think all the animatronics
disassembled themselves and then turned
themselves into one giant one why would
they do that I mean they had a better
chance of catching us if there was more
of them wait Penelope you betrayed us
why shocking isn't it oh I get it cuz I
always used to shock you yeah I guess it
makes sense that you would do this one
one way or another I'm going to find you
I'm going to get you get you get you
Marvin I have a plan hey tuban what's
that run Marvin Run come on run what is
it what were you pointing at what' you
lose I can help you find it Marvin I
think they're pretty distracted I think
we can leave at a pretty leisurely Pace
come on okay we're finally back in the
elevator let me just push the down
button man I really got to work on those
doors
okay so what do you think that was the
worst place I've ever been to okay okay
what what what would you change about it
uh take the vent out of the hallways and
have actual hallways okay okay noted you
know what just tear the whole place down
really yeah I just don't like it it's
just awful okay well when we get back to
your house I'll tell you all the things
I don't like about it it's stinky and
you have bad
hallways Marvin you're back how is your
night it was so awful what happened his
place is the worst place I've ever
visited yeah they don't like the place I
built he has no hallways everything is
air vents to get to one room you have to
crawl through an air vent my knees hurt
okay fine I'll tear the whole thing down
how about that would that make you happy
maybe I'll build a shopping mall no no I
think we're done here I think five is
enough these are getting way too
expensive and the games just keep
getting dumber and honestly I I just
don't care anymore I mean I'm done I
mean I'm tired this this takes so long
to do every time and I mean it's just
this is we're good this is this is
enough how about we do another game
series right like like maybe like uh
like Halo Halo sick right like that's
cool or or something like that you know
Angry Birds you guys you want you want
Angry Birds videos you don't like that
Marvin he said
no hey guys it's Logan we officially
launched an SML gaming channel go
subscribe right now we're going to be
uploading gaming videos every single day
just like this Roblox one you see on
your screen right now so please go
subscribe to the new SML gaming channel
for new content every single day let's
get our Rob on hey hey Junior what are
you doing is this doing anything for you