all right craft today we're going to be
learning about Christopher Columbus
people think that Christopher Columbus
discovered America but he did not he was
actually on his way to India but he
dumbass and he go wrong way and end up
in the Bahamas now real quick craft this
is not Christopher corbus and this is
not Christopher corbus Christopher
corbus down here fuing am manatees
because he thought they were mermaids
now let me ask you a question cross does
this look like a mermaid no no it does
not but Christopher corus looked at that
thing and said bring that ass here he
loved him some fat [ __ ] and he
famously said you got to be two
something to do something now personally
if I see this thing in the water ain't
no way my 1in Pekka going near that
thing hell to it up but anyway CR I
think it's lunch time so pull out your
lunch and eat guys it's lunchtime yeah
turkey and American cheese lunchable
same what you got going on Cody well not
to toot my own circumcised horn but I've
got a pizza
Lunchable luy wait how can you afford a
pizza Lunchable let's just say my mom's
only fans is doing pretty well oh man is
that Transformers as [ __ ] got bumblebee
on that [ __ ] I wish I could have a
pizza Lunchable well if you had a mom
I'd tell her to make an only fans but
you don't oh dude you're so lucky yeah
now come on guys I'm just like you but
better now I'm going to sit back and eat
like a king guys I made a double decker
sandwich I made a Triple Decker sandwich
I made a quadruple Decker sandwich I
made a [ __ ] Pizza call me Mr Douro or
Papa John or whoever the [ __ ] hey Junior
I'm playing Papa Pizzeria up in this
[ __ ] and I'm going for the high score
so guys what kind of cheese should I use
or should I use both because it is
called extra cheesy pizza I'm going to
be constipated for centuries I'm going
to have to have a nurse digitally
disimpact my [ __ ] from all that
cheese just chiping away at it like an
archaeologist looking for fossils
paleontologist ass I'm going to use B
cheeses Bam Bam
bam bam oh is that too much cheese no
it's [ __ ] not bam hey teacher if you
let me use the microwave we can get
[ __ ] weird no Cody you cannot use the
microwave it's for teachers only where
is the hole at that's okay I like cold
Pizza Guys check this out boom Pizza
Sandwich so cool Now ladies the PJ is
getting hungry should I whip it out yeah
PJ see much doing
boom Oh my God it's a lunch leg damn
right # yummy it comes with a Mr Beast
Feast tables and a prime and a pizza
open it open it please open it PJ Now
ladies PJ's going to open it when he's
damn well
ready I'm ready guys look my pizza's
leaking she leaking guys look PJ's got a
lunch Le no way wao what now what's all
the fuss about wa PJ that pizza looks
better than Papa John's well it is
better than Papa John's cuz Papa John's
doesn't come with a Prime in a feasable
and the owner didn't say the n-word he
just recorded a dead body in the forest
and [ __ ] up YouTube for a whole lot of
people but I guess we just forgot about
all that cuz yummy hey teacher can I use
the microwave of course you can use the
microwave PJ I I guess the mouth I don't
know thanks teach hey uh what is that
it's a lunch Le well how is that any
different than a normal pizza Lunchable
well it comes with a prime in a feasable
and it's made by Mr Beast and he gives
out money so that makes it taste better
well I actually think Lunchables are
better you hear that ladies he thinks
Lunchables are
better listen kid this is big boy [ __ ]
you wouldn't understand you literally
wear pajamas and bunny slippers to
school big boy [ __ ] my taint you don't
understand come on ladies let's go to
the microwave I hatte some food guys I
hate PJ whoo dude watch your mouth yeah
don't get mad at PJ cuz you're jealous
he has a lunch Le I'm not jealous it's
just lunch Le's [ __ ] gay I don't get
why it's better lunchable is better it's
been around forever the pill PS were
eating this [ __ ] well the lunch leag
comes with a prime and a candy bar Mr
Feast oh a drink in a candy bar that's
what makes it better yeah that's what
makes it better just a better thing okay
okay I'm going to show you guys I'm
going to make my mom upload extra
tonight all right cross so last night I
couldn't sleep so I looked up how
Christopher corus would bang a manate
and apparently manate vinas are
anatomically similar to humans and de
Varina is right next to their bung hole
so my question is did Christopher corus
hold hold his breath and swim down and
get underneath one of these big [ __ ]
and bang or did he wait for one of these
things to wash up on shore and then he
got some graveyard puss I don't know but
anyway CR it's lunchtime so after lunch
we are going to draw how you think
Christopher Columbus banged of man guys
it's lunchtime that means more cheese
and crackers yeah boom Cody what the
[ __ ] what is that let me get the tape
measure out and measure that [ __ ] whoa
you're telling me that 6 in soft that
shit's not even toasted but back to the
Lunchable you're telling me lunchy comes
with a [ __ ] prime in a candy bar
well my lunchable comes with Pringles
two Hershey's kisses and I guess a
bottle of water well I guess lunch ley's
got me beat there except what's this a
packet of [ __ ] Kool-Aid so I can turn
my water into Kool-Aid and on top of all
that it comes with a 6in sub sandwich I
didn't know I was at Subway I thought I
was at school I can't lie dude that's
pretty sick yeah that is that's a lot of
food wa look at
PJ oh my God PJ you have a nacho and
cheese lunch L yummy qu damn right I
like my cheese drippy and I got a
strawberry banana Prime and another
Feast
aable W oh come on guys you've got to be
kidding me my lunchable is clearly
better than that lunch Le I mean what's
he eating chips and cheese and salsa and
a Mr [ __ ] bar look what I've got
I've got cheddar cheese Pringles for a
snack I've got a whole ass 6in sub
sandwich for a meal I've I've got water
or Kool-Aid whichever one I prefer for a
drink and I have two Hershey's Kisses I
could share with a friend I could cut
the sandwich in half and me and a friend
both have two 3 in sandwiches I could
feed a family with this I've got a
goddamn chili 2 for 20 in a box do you
think if I flirted with PJ he'd give me
his candy bar I was thinking same thing
what no no this is [ __ ] guys mine is
obviously better but Cody yours doesn't
say lunch L it's all about the name yeah
dude it's like Gucci versus Reebok yours
is not better well I like my Rebo I have
good rebok these are good rebok n no
hoes beat up give it up dude what okay
so it has to be lunch Le okay okay fine
fine I'll get a lunch Le I'll get the
best goddamn Lun Le I can
find all right crafts for the last
couple of days I couldn't stop thinking
about why Christopher Columbus would
bang a manity so what I did was is I
came up with three animals that I think
Christopher Columbus could have bung
instead of the manity the first one is
the dolphin look at that that could get
it plus the dolphin is way more
attractive than the manate the the next
animal is the fox so tell me it's fluffy
little ass cheeks wouldn't feel good oh
it would all right and the third
animal is the kangaroo tell me you don't
want to jump up in that pouch and and go
crazy in it all right F it's time for
lunch but after lunch you're going to
take your three animals and tell me
which ones you would bear guys it's
lunch time
again Cody did you get a lunch Lee uh no
but I I got something even better than a
lunch Lee it's it's a new thing thing
that all the influencers are going to be
promoting it's called cracker crunchers
cracker crunchers oh what is that well
it's kind of like a Lunchable but it
comes with a Butterfinger a Butterfinger
yeah hey you take the ER at of
butterfinger and you got a good time
butt finger yeah that's what the nurse
is going to have when she finger chisels
the [ __ ] out of my ass from all the
cheese I've been eating but seriously
guys I haven't [ __ ] in like 3 days you
literally cannot show that to anyone
you're going to be made fun of no dude
don't do it please don't do it no I'm
going to put it right in PJ's face no
don't don't show it to PJ oh Jesus we're
not going to be able to be friends with
him ever again yeah I'm not friends
anymore now yeah we don't know him oh my
God PJ you have the cheese and crackers
lunch L yep and I got an ice pop Prime
and another Mr Beast feable much yummy
hey PJ I got something that'll make your
lunch Le look like a pile of [ __ ] oh
yeah what is it I've got cracker
crunchers what the hell are cracker
crunchers well you know like Lunchables
it's like that but it's got a butter
finger and it doesn't even have a drink
well yesterday I had Kool-Aid and two
Hershey's kisses but you didn't give a
[ __ ] about that look bro just get a LUN
I can't they're sold out everywhere oh
yeah that's cuz I bought them all what
then what the hell am I supposed to do I
guess I'll just go buy one on
eBay all right crass today I'm going to
jail because apparently it is illegal to
put on a snorkel and try to bang a
dolphin it is class your teacher thought
he was Christopher Columbus so just
finish up your lunch and then go home
whoa guys look at me I got a lunch Le oh
I got the crackers and I got the [ __ ]
Prime ice pot [ __ ] and I got the Mr
[ __ ] bar Isn't that cool guys aren't I
cool now whoa where'd you get a lunch Le
at I had to buy it off eBay Now where's
PJ's [ __ ] ass uh Cody it doesn't look
like PJ's here today what he's not here
today okay well then pull out your phone
and record me eating this [ __ ] I want
him to know I did it
okay whoa Cody did you get a haircut
yeah something's different dude what my
face is green cuz I've been sick I've
been throwing up ever since I ate that
lunch
s well do you think you have like a
stomach flu or something no I think I
got sick from the lunch L you can't you
can't get sick off a lunch L has a Mr
Beast bar he's Rich yeah he wouldn't let
that happen D yeah yeah you guys are
right it's probably just from one of
those
Lunchables yeah there's no way a Lely
made you sick oh guys look the
news breaking news M K lunch leads are
being recalled because apparently they
have mold on them so don't eat them it
could make you sick see guys I told you
it was the lunch Leep
well are you sure it was the lunch Le
lunch Le is from Mr Beast but the Duds
just said it was it sure as hell wasn't
the cracker crunchers those are the [ __ ]
well why would anyone even try to
compete with Lunchables lunchable have
been a
long you okay I stutter it's all good
it's good bud it happens to everybody
LEL has been a long a long time you did
it again though I don't know if I can
forgive that one lunch has been around
time are you
okay Lunchables have been around for
such a long time no don't get me wrong
Lunchables [ __ ] I'm just saying don't
sleep on cracker crunchers they're
coming up okay
[Music]