so guys what do you want to do tonight
well me and Cody are going to go see a
movie oh dude I didn't know they made a
sequel to broke bad Mountain no I wish
so what movie you going to go see Madam
web Oh I thought that movie sucks it
does the only reason we're going is cuz
the theater's going to be empty and
we're going to sit on the top row with a
blanket yeah so I'll let you know if it
sucks and if the movie's bad dude when
are we going to kick Cody out of the
group I don't know whatever happened to
that hairy guy you'll never know I'm
starting to think Pablo got rid of the
hairy puppet yeah we got to keep our
eyes on him so Joseph what do you want
to do tonight oh dude I always wanted to
eat fried ice cream but I don't know how
they make it it's impossible wait what's
fried ice cream dude it's ice cream
that's fried wait wouldn't it melt if
they tried frying it bro you got to eat
it fast it's crazy let's ask chip can
fry ice cream oh he better know how to
make it m- my pig in the blanket is
almost done shpy shpy oh what do you
want junior I'm busy making pig in the
blanket I thought it was pigs in the
blanket well only had one hot dog so
it's one big ass big in a blanket well
can you make us fried ice cream hell no
I'm not making fried ice cream I'm busy
well do you even know how to make fried
ice cream of course I know how to make
fried ice cream I'm a certified Chef how
dare you even judge me well why don't
you just make us fried ice cream then
because I'm busy with my piggy duh I
don't think you know how to make fried
ice cream I don't think he knows how to
make it yeah he doesn't know how to make
it dude you don't know how to make it I
know how to make a d fried ice cream
then make it God damn it I'll make it
 all right Junior I got a scoop of
cookies and cream ice cream now watch it
fry all right eat it eat it eat it
what it's melting shpi eat it eat it eat
it it's supposed to melt it's fried ice
cream that's how you fry it okay how am
I supposed to eat it shipi uh here here
here you go it's a spoon eat it but it's
melting I know it's going to be a little
hot but you know it's fried it's fried
ice cream I don't think you know how to
make it Chef people I know how to make
damn fried ice cream I'm a certifi sh
and then you eat it come on so
disrespectful Junior let's take his pig
in the blanket he this my pig in the
blanket give my damn pig in the blanket
eat this ice cream shut up Chef Pee you
suck at being a chef yeah do a better
job a junior he always does this to me I
need a vacation oh
Braxton I'm so lonely I haven't been
with a woman in years oh I guess I need
to go to my favorite dirty
website oo my favorite video Hey Big Boy
hey do you have your lotion ready uh I
got hand soap that's going to have to do
for today do you think I'm hot yes do
you want me to take my clothes off yes
how about this yes Braxton I hate junior
I hate working here I deserve a vacation
can I go yes really I I thought I had to
argue with you a little longer you know
uh can I go anywhere I want yes damn
that was quick can I use your credit
card oh yes damn you're generous today
this being generous so uh I'm
thinking about going to the Bahamas is
that cool oh I'm coming oh uh I I didn't
think about you going with me I just
plan on it being a solo trip but you
know uh that that's cool with you right
you can have anything you want you
deserve the world you're perfect baby a
thanks Braxton I'll see you in a week
man oh it gets better every single time
done already shut up you stupid oh
it's just a video it's not like we're
dating or anything man I deserve
something to eat oh Chef bipi made me
something to eat Chef B I worked up a
sweat I watched that video again and now
I'm hungry R wait what's this thank you
Braxton for letting me go on vacation
with your credit card you're the best
boss ever L that b is he on drugs or
something I would never let him go on
vacation especially with my credit card
what the hell is wrong with him and did
he in that pan that's disgusting oh
where's my phone I need to call him and
go off on him oh sh better answer the
damn phone so I can cuss him out yo
what's good Braxton my favorite person
in the world man oh I'm chilling in the
Bahamas with all these fine ass masas
man titties are everywhere all in my
face it's crazy all thanks to you my
 what's good who said you could go
to the Bahamas with my credit card you
did wait I did yes you did you said you
were coming and then you changed your
mind at the last minute you said I
deserve the world or some like
that oh I don't remember that damn my
old age oh well I guess half foot or
something something like that oh I'm so
hungry who's going to cook for me now
Junior
oh man Joseph this weener in the blanket
was so good I can't believe you didn't
want any nah dude I don't want to end up
like Cody all it takes is one wiener
Junior what's going on Dad Chef peipi is
on vacation and I need you to cook for
me Chef peip is not on vacation he's
downstairs in the kitchen no the hell
he's not he's in the Bahamas look I need
you to cook for me right now I don't
know how to cook well you're going to
learn today God damn it cook for me
become a man why don't you become a man
and cook for me oh you going to
challenge me right now I'll beat your
ass in front of your friend look cook
for me or you're grounded oh my dad's
such a dick yeah dude your dad's a dick
super dick wait hey don't call my dad a
dick at least my dad's alive your dad's
dead let's go cook for my dad I'm going
to disrespect my dad like that how about
I kill your dad and see if you like it
all right Joseph the only thing I found
in the freezer to cook my dad was this
PF Changs chicken dumplings thing okay
let's cook it I think he'll like it dude
all right pour him in the
thing oh yeah wait those look a little
dry I'm going to go get some sauce to
put on them all right I'll watch the
food make sure nothing happens to it
nothing bad I need to find some poison
so I can kill his dad make sure he feels
it all I can find was mirax maybe I
could put so much on it that he so
much he
does oh yeah that's going to be a lot
he's going to his brains out all
right Joseph I thought maybe we could
pour some Dr Pepper and hot sauce on it
for flavor oh yeah he'll definitely like
that wait what's what's with all this
white powder on it oh it's nothing but
some fun dip so he can have a fun time
oh yeah fun dip all right let me put the
Dr Pepper on it oh that made it look
yummy oh yeah super yummy yeah well
Timmy I think the theater's empty so we
don't really have to do the hole at the
bottom of the popcorn bucket trick no I
want to eat through all the popcorn to
get the surprise at the bottom okay but
I don't know why we got an extra large
you're going to have to eat a lot of
popcorn you're going to get
full oh man Joseph it turned out great
it looks so delicious yeah Exquisite
he's defin going to love this we should
take it to him so he can eat it yeah
he's going to think I'm a young Gordon
Ramsay how good this turned out whatever
I think I should take a bite to make
sure it tastes good no dude don't eat
that uhuh we should take it to your dad
his taste bus is the only one that
should enjoy it um I'm going to take one
little bite no dude oh man it's a little
spicy oh I did not expect that oh oh no
my stomach's killing me I got to use the
bathroom oh god oh man my stomach hurts
so
bad oh my God
it hurts so
bad I got to call a
doctor hey there somebody call a doctor
oh yeah doctor my stomach hurts so bad I
can't stop pooping oh what did you eat I
ate some frozen dinner PF Chang chicken
dubling thing oh yeah that'll do it yeah
I had some Chipotle earlier quesadilla
covered in queso yeah my toilet's not
going to be happy later God could you
imagine being a toilet just having
people in your face all day hey
they should make that into a picture
movie you know about a sad little truck
stop toilet where all this big truck
driver ass just comes and shits on him
all day and it pisses all over his
toilet seat and nobody ever flushes
until one day this nice old man comes
and says I want to save you from this
life and he undrill him and takes the
toilet back to his house where he shits
in him but he flushes every time maybe
that would be like a short in front of a
Pixar movie oh I feel like I'm going to
poop my pants Oh I pooped my pants one
time actually I pooped it lots of times
but oh the worst one oh let me tell you
about it so I was a sophomore in high
school and the homecoming dance was was
coming up and I wanted to go with
Samantha knob gobler because word around
the school was if you went on a date
with her she'd gobble your knob like
corn on the cob so I asked her out
before anyone else and she said yes I
was so excited I was about to get my
knob gobbled at homecoming so I got
myself a tuxedo and I looked damn good I
looked like a young James Bond I was
ready the only weird thing was my mom
drove us to the dance and she smokes
with the windows rolled up but I didn't
care I only had one thing on my mind
getting my knob gobbled so she dropped
us off at the dance and I started Boogie
woing and there was a snack bar and the
local gas station was catering Sushi my
school didn't have a big budget so I ate
a few pieces of the sushi and I went
back out on the Dance Floor to break it
down then the song Witch Doctor came on
you know the song that goes o e you know
o a a don't forget the ting tang walla
Wala end it with a bing bang you know
that song and that song was my so
when I went to twerk I did my pants
it came out of nowhere and then right
then Samantha knob goobler grabs me by
my hand and says hey you want to ditch
this dance and go get your knob gobbled
so I said no I'm actually gay sorry
because I didn't want her to know I had
a massive in my pants she was so
offended because nobody has ever turned
down getting their knob gobbled by
Samantha knob goobler so she ran away
and drove off with Billy bowling hands
this was before he drowned I'm sure his
balls were like bowling balls so yeah
there's any lesson to be learned from
that story it's don't eat gas station
Sushi if you think you're going to get
your knob gobbled why did you tell her
you were gay why didn't you just tell
her you had to use the bathroom and you
go in the bathroom and clean yourself up
and throw your underwear away oh no it
was all outside of the underwear it was
just a big old mess down there there and
that wasn't the end of it either no it
was an all night ordeal I was on the
toilet for like 8 hours I think I did
the right thing although if I could do
anything differently other than not eat
the gas station Sushi it would be not
telling her I was gay cuz then I had to
go around the school and clear up all
the rumors about me being gay but hey at
least nobody knows I shat my pants oh my
stomach hurts can you please stop it why
do you have to feel better so bad you're
getting your knob gobbled no I just
can't stop pooping actually now that I
think about it you're dating my daughter
so I hope you never stop
pooping help where's my damn food I'm so
hungry you know what I'mma watch that
video again here you go Junior's dad
your food is ready uh that looks like a
piece of kid I'm not eating that
I'm probably going to order Uber ease no
you got to eat it please look we slaved
in the kitchen for you so you have to
eat it right now please look I don't
like how you refer to yourself as a
slave it made me uncomfortable you being
black and all so um I'm probably going
to order Uber e no you have to eat it
right now so eat it please but look I
don't like how you raised your voice at
me kid get out of my house right now
screw you dude look all I want you to do
is eat the food so you could
die kids these days with that stupid ass
attitude God where's my laptop hey dude
how you feeling my stomach's still
cramping I can't stop pooping oh man
that sucks but look bro I'm going to be
honest with you that's my bad yeah I
just really wanted to kill your dad what
yeah bro you were making fun of my dead
dad so I thought I would get even and
put mirax in his food and he would die
or you know his brains out but I
guess not oh wow Joseph yeah you ate the
food it was just a bad set of
circumstances you're such a true friend
only a true friend would admit that to
me yeah man I try I try to do better hey
guys Cody's mad at me why because by the
time I got to the bottom of the bucket I
was so full that I wasn't in the mood
because I ate too much popcorn you know
the feeling when you eat too much
popcorn and your stomach cramps up don't
talk to me about stomach
cramped
[Music]
y