guys Christmas is only a few days away
oh dude I can't wait to open presents
well guys it's time for me to light my
candles Cody your birthday's not till
February yeah dude Stop Being Greedy
it's about Christmas it's not for my
birthday so what's it for dude Hanukkah
don't say that what is that for Hanukkah
dude I'm about to beat him up right now
you hear him hey Joseph don't do it what
are you so mad about dude out of all
things you could have said hey Joseph
say that again or I couldn't hear you
could you repeat yourself but you chose
to say huh no no no no no no no no
that's not what I said I said Hanukkah
bro I'm gonna beat him up hold me back
hold me back Cody can you stop saying
that but no it's a holiday okay fine you
know what we're not gonna We're not
gonna do Hanukkah today I'll just
celebrate Christmas yeah you better yeah
it's Jesus birthday not your birthday
Cody but that's not God stupid there's
someone at the door Cody it's a door
with me Cody okay I'll stay here I guess
all right Cody you really need to calm
down with their slurs against Joseph
wait it's not a slur it's a holiday just
please calm down hello oh
Merry Christmas Santa Claus what are you
doing here I have a problem boys Rudolph
ran away Rudolph ran away but who's
gonna guide your sleigh on Christmas
night that's the issue I can't ride my
sleigh without Rudolph's red nose lining
up the sky I could run into a building
and that'd be really bad in New York
City exactly so I need you boys to go
find them and I'll give you anything you
want for Christmas if you do anything we
want anything come on cool you better go
find Rudolph hurry boys
Santa Claus at the door
two different princess no he didn't
bring presents Santa Claus came to tell
us that Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
ran away wait why would he run away
maybe he got tired of people laughing
and calling him names why don't you run
away when we laugh and call you names I
thought about it all right Joseph Santa
Claus said if we find Rudolph he'll give
us anything we want
to don't you think it's weird that of
all the billions of people in the world
he chose us to help him Santa Claus
knows we're the smartest kids in the
world Cody Junior we're definitely not
the smartest kids in the world then why
else would he choose us he can see us
when we're sleeping he knows when we're
awake he obviously knows we're smart
enough to find Rudolph if he can see us
he knows we're dumb oh come on Joseph
you know we can find Rudolph right of
course dude yes we can okay where should
we start looking for Rudolph outside oh
no it's cold outside it's freezing
outside wait dude well then we're not
gonna find him then Rudolph could be in
my house Junior he's not in your house
you know that for a fact yes okay well
if you have a Rudolph tracker then tell
us where he's at Junior if you had a
giant reindeer with a glowing red nose
in your house you'd know okay okay well
if you know where Rudolph isn't then
where is he I don't know but he's not
here then shut up if you don't know
where he's at we're trying to think yeah
you useless do okay you know what it's
actually gonna be really hard to find
Rudolph because the world is like what a
billion miles long so the best option
for us to do is to go to an animal
shelter adopt the dog put a red nose on
them and antlers and then give it to
Santa and say that's Rudolph oh dude
that's a nice plan Junior I I think he
wants the real Rudolph that can fly no
no no he just wants it for show so as
long as we give him something that looks
like Rudolph we'll get anything we want
and we save Christmas but Gina we'd be
lying to Santa
I lie to everyone Cody Santa doesn't
make an exception I can lie to him too
yeah he seems wrong okay well you know
what's wrong you trying to celebrate
your birthday on Jesus birthday yeah
okay fine let's do your stupid plan all
right let's go to the dog shelter oh man
Santa Claus is gonna love the new
Rudolph well at the pound his name was
Gizmo and he was about to be put down
for old age oh he's a cute little monkey
right now oh you must not know Michael
fix my uncle Joseph calm down oh he's
asking for it dude listen he's just an
old sick dog but did he just cough I've
never even heard a dog do that before
well listen I need you to smell his butt
why and you just smell a stinkhole to
see if it's stinky Junior it's called a
stink hole I'm pretty sure it's stinky
listen you have to make sure it's not
stinky because he's gonna be in front of
all the other reindeer and no reindeer
wants to smell it reindeer's butt that's
dirty what Junior this old sick dog is
not gonna lead a sleigh spell it
yep that's a dog's ass well that's how
they say hello okay hello Gizmo
dude this dog is gonna die listen listen
Santa Claus gonna be super happy that
he's gonna lead his sleigh now he's got
to tell Santa Claus that we found
Rudolph how are we gonna do that he
didn't leave us his number or anything
the only way you get a hold of Santa
Claus Is Sing Santa Claus songs
Santa Claus is coming to town
Santa Claus is Coming to Town what
what
[Music]
come here boy don't you ever do that
again so Santa are you gonna grant us
our Christmas wishes well once I deliver
everyone else's present so come right
back here and Grant all your wishes you
promise yeah sure
all right guys let's go away from him to
deliver all the presents okay
guys I can't believe Santa's gonna give
us whatever we want why did he run away
like that because he's in a rush Cody
yeah he has to deliver presents dude
well not for a few days we have to go
all the way back to the North Pole we're
in Florida it's a long drive yeah he's
trying to get ahead of schedule
[Music]
the news is on
[Music]
breaking news okay the real Santa Claus
has died in a freak sleigh crash because
Rudolph was just a dog with a red nose
painted on him and the sleigh could not
fly truly tragic yeah Junior we killed
Santa Claus what do you mean we well he
was looking for Rudolph and instead we
gave him a sick dog that couldn't fly so
he crashed well well a plane can still
fly with one engine okay so so his
sleigh has nine reindeers so if one
reindeer goes missing he should still be
able to fly I think George Bush did it
inside job dude well either way Santa's
dead and Christmas is ruined
said nothing
no family Joseph
[Music]
we're not going to celebrate your
birthday Cody it's not a birthday thing
then why are there candles fine fine we
won't do this
who are you I think that's an elf Junior
you
did it yes you did you gave Santa a fake
Rudolph and he crashed
oops no oops now you have to be staying
and deliver all the presents but that's
impossible yeah we can't do that no
tonight you're gonna do a test run and
see how fast you can deliver presents to
a house it's gonna be pretty slow we
don't know what we're doing yeah cause
we're not Santa Claus I'll give you
Santa's magic now which one wants to do
it oh I do not want to be Santa Claus no
Cody you got to be Santa Claus you
already have glasses like Santa but you
killed Santa so you should be Santa will
you be sick
there now you have Santa's Powers what
Ken Ken can't be Santa Claus he's a doll
I don't care now deliver this present to
this address I'll be watching you Cody
Ken can't be Santa Claus yes he can
Junior he's already a lawyer astronaut
doctor scientist for the NBA he can be
Santa Claus or should I call him
kentucklies or Saint cantalis or Ken
Kringle that's all I got but Cody we
can't deliver this present because kid
has all the powers Junior I have an idea
they want us to deliver this present to
test if we'd be a good Hannah right so
how about we just do a really bad job
delivering this present and then we
don't have to be Santa and we don't have
to worry about this you're right Cody if
we do a really bad job being Santa
they'll be like we don't want you being
Santa and they'll give the powers to
someone else yeah and it shouldn't be
hard to screw this out yeah let's go
screw up being Santa Claus come on let's
go to this house all right Junior this
is the house okay so how do we get in do
you see a chimney I'm not getting on the
roof but we're supposed to be like Santa
Claus but we're also supposed to suck
remember aren't you good at sucking well
yeah but not at this okay let's just go
through the front door well Junior we
can't just walk into their house but
let's see if the doors unlocked well
it's not going to be unlocked what
it is unlocked wow okay let's go all
right Junior deliver the present
yeah it's good
I hear noises yeah well maybe it's you
snoring no but waiting I hear noise
you know what it might be my stomach
growling because you burned dinner and I
didn't get to eat boydy it's coming from
the living room yeah well maybe somebody
broke in and they'll kill me wouldn't
that be nice you have to get up and go
check I'm not getting up until I hear
something Cody I really feel like we
should make like a huge mess so we could
suck at being Santa but we don't want
them calling the cops let's just go no
no no no we have to do a really bad job
being Santa and Santa would not make a
mess right I guess that's true let's
watch oh
oh God Junior what the hell is wrong
with you what okay okay I heard that all
right I'll get up I'll check see what
that noise was what what the hell what
happened to my tree but hey hey you
goons get the hell out of my house run
Cody run yeah you better run no I'm so
mad what was that noise two goons broke
into our house and knocked over our
Christmas tree did they steal
no because I chased them off but I'm
pretty sure I know who it was and I'm
gonna go give him a Stern talking to
okay we delivered the present yeah
there's no way we get hired a Santa now
what the hell was that did you even try
that was us trying Santa's supposed to
be quiet and go down chimney listen lady
I don't know what to tell you we're just
bad at being Santa find somebody else
well someone has to be Santa there you
are you goon you broke into my house
my house tree you you could be Santa oh
no no no no I I don't want to be Tim
Allen I I don't have time for those kind
of shenanigans well someone has to be
Santa
news
[Music]
breaking news okay the real Santa Claus
Is Not Dead the Santa that died earlier
today was just a guy dressed up as Santa
Claus and wrote a sleigh off of his roof
with a dog that looked like Rudolph wait
Santa Claus isn't dead well I guess I
can take these off oh can I have those
I'm still pretty pissed off sure here
you go you need to stick them on there
oh I'm so mad you guys broke into my
house and stayed knocked over my
Christmas tree you don't look mad at all
I don't I am mad I promise uh can you
come fix his eyebrows yes you look like
you have a question I need to better
convey my anger here hold on
yes hold still okay I'm sorry I'm just
so mad
let me see am I mad now
yeah yeah you seem pretty mad I'm really
mad you guys knocked over my tree and
broke into my house well listen we're
really sorry we won't do it again we
were just trying to be Santa Claus oh
yeah you're sorry huh well let me let me
nibble that ear what what let me let me
know let me nibble that ear okay none
there that's what you get now never do
it again I'll never your other ear
okay well Junior I guess Santa's not
really dead so that that everything
worked out well today was a crazy day
yeah I have a question Cody okay what
happened to your free medium french
fries you get from McDonald's every week
you haven't been eating them oh I still
get them I mean I don't always eat them
here but like I get them like I eat them
at home like in bed and stuff well
everyone's been upset that you haven't
been eating them well all right fine you
know what here here you go here's my
free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week there you go you
happy eat one
there I'm doing it doing the thing
you happy Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas well a few days before
Christmas yeah
[Music]