hey Daddy you want a Hertz donut what's
a hurts donut wow hurts Donuts
Jesse is very nice obviously you didn't
get the joke I said you want a Hertz
donut and then I threw it at him and say
it hurts don't it oh like the donut
hurts
yeah it's not funny anymore what's that
noise oh great what's wrong Marvin look
at booger oh he's pissing oh he ran away
pissing oh wow
no burgundy's getting neutered it's not
really necessary yeah it's good if we
neuter him he won't pee anymore what's
neutered mean when they Grab Your Balls
oh they Grab Your Balls I want to be
neutered no Jeffy look baby can you
please put Burger in his cage or take
him to the vet oh but he hates it in
there put him in the cage baby okay
Jeffy stay right here I want to be
neutered booger Pizza
okay go get it
oh booger I'm so sorry Marvin booger's
ready
oh booger you're stuck in the cage well
I've never been neutered before so I'm
gonna let you out
be free booger I'm gonna get my balls
touched oh there's Pizza in here all
right booger it's time to go to the vet
get neutered
oh man oh dinosaurs are heavy
hey welcome to the vet's office please
identify yourself because I can't see
it's me Marvin oh hey Marvin what's up
well why can't you see oh I just got
Lasik eye surgery this morning so I
can't see anything right now but in a
few hours with my eyes heal up oh my
vision's gonna be perfect it's going to
be 20 20. hopefully not like the year
Well I brought my pet dinosaur to get
neutered really a pet dinosaur oh that's
awesome I've never gotten a chance to
neuter a dinosaur before this is
exciting I'll get started right now wait
wait should you wait for your eyes to
heal no no no no I've neuted so many
animals I can do this with my eyes
closed which is exactly what I'm gonna
do right now all right well just let me
know when you're done uh hey do you want
to keep them keep what the balls like do
you want to keep them in a jar or
something no I don't want to keep the
balls okay well I'm gonna keep them I
mean the dinosaur balls that's awesome
I'm keeping those all right well just
let me know when you're done okay yeah
I'll call you or just bring them by okay
then I'll see you later what see oh I
get it like it like Lasik like see see I
thought you meant C like like the ocean
yeah that didn't make any sense but I
get now so it's funny okay I'll see you
later okay all right come here Mr
Dinosaur show me those balls all right
baby I just dropped booger off at the
vet Marvin I think it's cruel to neuter
animals baby he was peeing on the rug
this is the only way to get him to stop
will it
booger stop it you're not eating a donut
when he was done so maybe he's already
done let me call the vet real quick
okay it's ringing hey this is the vet's
office can you identify yourself I can't
see my caller ID it's me Marvin oh hey
Marvin I just finished neutering a
dinosaur it went great is that why you
dropped them off what dropped them off
no he's still here no he's right next to
me well that's impossible because he's
right next to me are you sure it's a
dinosaur like can you see him well no
but I can touch him like I just touched
him he's here we'll buy dinosaurs right
next to me oh well do you have two
dinosaurs because if you do all neuter
both of them you know buy one get one oh
baby are you sure the dinosaur you put
in the cages booger yes Marvin like he
was green yes Marvin are you sure he was
green what yes doggy get in here what'd
you you want more bibs did you call me
in here so you could give me some money
no Dougie I just want to make sure your
balls are okay
yeah so both my dinosaurs are here well
you must have a third one because I
definitely have a dinosaur here wait so
there's a third dinosaur and you
neutered it yeah it went fine I mean I
will say I didn't keep his balls they
were a little too human-like kind of
freaked me out so I threw him in the
ball pit like we have this ball pit
where we throw all the animal balls when
we're done with them it's pretty gross
and actually now that you mention it he
did scream a lot in English dinosaurs
are weird okay can you please bring that
dinosaur over to my house so we can see
what you're talking about yeah sure I'll
drive right over there are you sure
you're okay to drive with your vision oh
yeah I've been there so many times I can
drive there with my eyes closed okay
this doesn't make any sense baby Marvin
where's Jeffy oh he's probably in his
room Jeffy get in here Jeffy
foreign
must be here hello am I in the right
house yeah right here oh hey Marvin see
I told you I could make it and you
thought I couldn't drive here where'd
you park in your driveway did you hit my
car I hit something but hey look I
brought you dinosaur dinosaur get in
here
I look like the lamp from Pixar
empty dinosaur Jeffy that must get
confusing that's his son's name you
neuter my son no I needed you dinosaur
I'm gonna take your glasses off and look
I don't know if my eyes have healed yet
they did heal everything looks amazing
oh oh no oh that's your son yeah I
guess I did neuter him why'd you do it
well look it makes sense now that I'm
thinking about it I mean yeah I guess
his balls were pretty human-like and he
did scream when I caught him and he even
said hey don't do to me I'm a human not
a dinosaur but I thought the dinosaur
was trying to trick me so I was like you
can't trick me dinosaurs so I snipped
him anyway I can't believe you did it
right well it's not my fault it's your
fault because you put him in the cage no
it's your fault you put him in the case
booger in a cage Chevy how'd you get in
the cage well I saw a booger in the cage
and then I let him out so I could get in
the cage because I wanted to know what
neuter was see it's his fault not mine
see everybody hear that I'm not liable
you can't sue me okay can we put his
balls back on him I don't think you
understand his balls are in the ball pit
I mean do you really want to dive into a
10 000 square foot pit of animal balls I
mean there's cat balls dog balls donkey
balls fish balls raccoon balls there's
wall-to-wall balls okay well can we find
his balls well even if we could find his
balls we can't put them back on you
can't use tape no why do you guys keep
all those balls when we grind them up to
make baloney that's why it's called
baloney hey we sell some you want it I
don't want any ball I don't baloney his
balls might be in there I don't want to
get out of here well it's got chicken
balls pork balls and beef balls no
listen listen Jeffy how are you feeling
well I've been better Daddy I I I I I
wouldn't I wouldn't do that see he's not
in too much pain because he's on pain
meds but don't worry those will wear off
okay so what do we do now well I mean
there's nothing more for me to do but I
mean if he's in too much pain you can
call me and you probably will be calling
me oh man Jeffy are you okay Daddy Why
don't lick your balls how'd you know I
was doing that was there a camera in my
room no Jeffy how are you feeling
worried because how long has that camera
been in my room and what else have you
seen me lick there's no camera in your
room Jeffy I'm gonna go look for the
camera in my room wait a second there's
no camera oh man I can't believe this
happened to Jeffy where is he where is
he where is it stupid camera hey Jeffy
Daddy this is an invasion of my privacy
because you have a camera in my room
there's no camera Jeffy they're wine to
Cone listen earlier today we wanted to
take your pet dinosaur to the vet to get
his balls chopped off why because he
wouldn't stop paying on the rug pee
comes from your balls no what do you
want to get his balls chopped off listen
Jeffy the main point is you got your
balls chopped off today I did yeah hurts
Don't It Marvin but he did that earlier
to me so I thought I'd be the perfect
kind of make the joke no Marvin listen
so that's why it hurts when you hit your
diaper Oh I thought it hurts just
because I beat it all the time
the doctor said don't do that because
you're going to irritate it so look
Jeffy after school tomorrow we're gonna
make it up to you we're gonna take you
to Chuck E cheese and you can eat pizza
or play games you can't do both because
we're on a budget we're bawling on a
budget Marvin
you can play skee ball or basketball or
playing the ball pit stop it okay those
are all my ball jokes listen Jeffy
you're missing your balls and tomorrow
we're gonna make it up to you after
school so just go to bed and tomorrow
we'll have a fun day okay okay Daddy but
real quick if I throw up in this thing
will I drown no Jeffy just lean forward
it'll spill out if I go outside
it's raining or snowing while I drown no
there's holes in the thing Jeffy look
you're not gonna drown go to bed orange
Daddy
foreign
class today we're going to be learning
about the North Atlantic right whale oh
we're learning about my mom today
because she's a big fat whale right
she's the biggest animal in the whole
planet Cody why were you talking about
your mom like that I was just beating
you guys to it because I know you're
gonna say it I would never say your mom
is fat oh shut up I'ma tell your mommy
called her fat please don't the North
Atlantic right whale is known to have
the biggest balls of any animal in the
world nuts big as I didn't know I
was in North Atlantic right whale
because my balls are huge or cause
you're fat like your mom Conehead
don't call me names hey satellite dish
head I said leave me alone
megaphone head I will allow you to call
me one more name as long as it's
hilarious upside down lampshade head
that was lame hey can you look up a
little more like this yeah thanks trash
can head oh you did it now
Jeffy boy nobody you're going to
printables office right now hey Danny I
got you spending from school today for
what for beating up this kid because you
was making fun of my cone hat what did
he say well you see this paper ball in
you he threw it in here now I can't get
it out
hey I was playing with that Jeffy you
are grounded for getting suspended from
school well what about Chuck E cheese
you're grounded so you can't go to Chuck
E cheese damn well I'm hungry we'll go
downstairs and get something to eat
okay
okay
well you wasted all the Cheerios for are
you talking about this is the best I can
come up with no Jeffy you go pour those
cheers out because you're wasting them
okay
hey you hit my eyeball off
clean yourself up
oh baby it's gonna take forever to clean
this mess up what about jiffy's eye
Danny you've been really mean to me ever
since I apparently got my balls cut off
you did get your balls cut off Jeffy did
I you did right I don't know I haven't
been able to lick them because you
see anybody I didn't really cut jeffy's
balls off what yeah I was checking the
security camera footage at the vet's
office because I was going to sell it to
like a Gore website or something and
then I thought it really happened but
what really happened calm down baby
birds I'll feed you just watch this
flashback all right dinosaur show me
those balls I'm gonna cut them off but
I'm a human no you're not gonna trick me
dinosaur give me those balls here they
are Oh no you're paying my balls
smell really good I'm gonna try this so
you didn't cut jeffy's balls off oh no I
was cutting pizza oh well earlier you
said you felt something that felt like
human balls yeah that was the pizza it
was really soggy it felt like human
balls and I ate it what
yeah I ate it because okay listen I I
thought to myself when am I going to get
another chance to eat dinosaur balls
right so I had to try it and then it
tasted like pepperoni pizza so I thought
to myself this is why the dinosaurs must
have gone extinct it's because their
balls tasted like pepperoni pizza and
people kept eating their balls and then
they couldn't have any more babies but
then I lied to you guys because I didn't
want you to know that I ate dinosaur
balls and then I thought I ate your
son's balls and that was even worse so I
couldn't tell you that but it turned out
it was pizza so it's okay but you ate it
thinking it was bald yeah yeah but it's
pizza so everything's fine but it was
you thought it was bald man we don't
have to obsess about it I ate pizza he
still has his balls everything's good I
still have my balls yep you sure do so I
can take the cone off yeah go ahead how
do I do that oh it's like those little
like those little knobs like behind your
head there yeah you got it is that one
okay no that I I think I think that
one's okay you get yeah there's three of
them so yeah you got it just one more
just turn it yeah I'm free foreign
[Music]