hey Cody how was school yeah did you
learn about how long the Great Wall of
China is it's 13,000 Mi dad dang I
didn't believe that oh Cody you got a
little bit of a boo boo yeah it's a
pretty bad boo boo oh Cody you're
missing your whole ear were you running
with Scissors no a kid bit it off what
what what the kid look like I know you
poked his eyes out of something no it
was a kindergartener Cody what are you
doing fighting kindergarteners why don't
you fight somebody your own age well I
am in kindergarten wait wait you in
kindergarten no way uh well Cody what
happened are you too stupid and they put
you back there no the principal found
out I only had like four birthdays and
it was a whole thing okay I want a
parent teacher conference cuz you should
not be getting your ear bit off at
school come on mhm hello Mr and Mrs niss
I understand you wanted to meet me for a
parent teacher conference yeah we want
to know why the [ __ ] Cody's ear is not
on his Noggin ah yes that was an
unfortunate incident with another
student who bit Cody's ear off oh Excuse
Me Miss why does this cray say negro on
it oh uh that's the Spanish word for the
color black uh I don't see not one
Spanish kid in this damn class you just
wanted to say [ __ ] didn't no I didn't
excuse me are those animal crackers for
guests uh no those are for the students
[ __ ] I'm about to eat son since you want
to say [ __ ] all all the time [ __ ] what
yeah Miss cracker to be fair you are a
cracker I'm so sorry what did you want
to discuss with me uh Cody does not
belong in kindergarten he's very smart
he should be in big boy school where
they do drugs in the bathrooms oh so you
want him to do drugs yes it builds
character I want to get a call say
saying Cody got shot yeah put h on his
chest okay well uh we can give Cody a
final exam today and if he passes he can
go up to whatever grade he wishes that
sounds good does that sound good Cody
don't speak only nod Cody says that
sounds good well we are certainly going
to miss having Cody in our class he is
irreplaceable what the [ __ ] is that
supposed to mean you want to go [ __ ]
yeah beat her ass beat her racist ass
baby I'm not the [ __ ] [ __ ] don't try
me she not the one other the two [ __ ]
I'm going to take this ear and sew it
back on Cody's head yeah do it baby oh I
crackers too mhm CRA man Joseph I hate
school but Friday is the best day yeah
dude it's the closest day to the weekend
I don't even do my work on Friday I just
push it off till Monday yeah you just
sleep in class all day hey guys oh hey
Cody you still doing that kindergarten
thing yeah I got to study for my final
exam five cats six flowers seven
balloons eight crayons nine cupcakes 10
tractors got it what exam do you have to
study for in kindergarten well this is
the final exam and if I pass this I get
to go back to normal school with you
guys wait that doesn't make any sense
the school year not even over with yeah
but a kid bit my ear off and there was a
parent teacher conference it was a whole
thing so if you pass this test you come
back to normal school yeah and this is
really important for me so I really have
to study how many cats okay five got it
okay well I mean me and Joseph didn't
even get to go to kindergarten yeah well
yes you did you've been to kindergarten
before no we wanted to sneak into your
kindergarten class and hang out with you
guys do not sneak into my kindergarten
class but it would be so fun like screw
around and like have a free day it is
Friday no no this is very important for
me and if I screw this up I get stuck in
kindergarten so you guys are are not
coming okay fine we won't come okay I'm
going to school five cats five cats five
cats all right Joseph we're going to
sneak into his kindergarten class oh
yeah dude let's do it let's go what's
that did I hear you say you're looking
for a free to-play mobile game where you
can create your very own dragon Empire
well then let me tell you about today's
sponsor Dragon City Dragon City lets you
hatch collect and evolve over a thousand
dragons even ones inspired by YouTubers
they even added a piece of the SML
Universe to the game build your dream
City with magical habitats and awesome
decorations test your dragons in Epic
Battles climb the leaderboard and show
off your dragon Mastery dive into quests
unlock powerful skills and join forces
with over 450 million players in a
community where Legends are made click
the link below or scan the QR code to
download Dragon City now get the SML
decoration instantly plus 15,000 food
30,000 gold and the Epic o Dragon to
Kickstart your adventure but hurry it's
a limited time offer
it's a purple day I love the color
purple purple it's my last day here
yummy I got purple po baghetti I want
some you can't actually eat it if po
watch me no it's my
baghetti oh God I can't wait to get out
of this class all right class settle
down settle down class all right today
is April 12th which means today is
purple purple day yes it is today is
finally purple day [ __ ] yeah language
all right class we're going to go around
the class and everyone's going to tell
me one thing that's purple Alex why
don't you
start grapes are purple wrong sometimes
grapes are green try again Alex uh
Barney's purple wrong again Barney's
stomach is green he's not completely
purple try again name something
completely purple uh eggplants they're
purple wrong again Alex because the stem
of an eggplant is green so it's not
completely purple you fail for today
this is [ __ ] anyone else want to try
to name something completely purple my
mom's body was completely purple when I
found her dead that doesn't count Mikey
I'm sure she was another color too no
she was only purple how about someone
else goes Daryl would you like to
try Bears aren't purple Daryl but thank
you for trying who else wants want to
try how about you Freddy name something
purple uh purple paint is purple yes
someone got it right thank you Freddy
purple paint is completely purple Cody
why don't you try next uh purple
Play-Doh that doesn't count Cody because
the container of Play-Doh is yellow so
you fail what that's [ __ ] I was
talking about the Play-Doh itself
outside of the container too late you
have to be more specific Cody can you
just give me my final exam so I can get
out of this place oh yes Cody that class
class free time play nicely while I give
Cody his final exam all right Cody
here's your final exam wait this is it
yes and don't forget the most important
question of all you have to fill out
your name otherwise How will I know
whose test I'm grading I'm the only one
taking the test just fill out your name
Cody do you need help spelling out your
name
Cody no I got it but I do have a
question why does it say my goal and my
score because you can fill out your goal
as what you want to make on this test
well why would I put anything other than
100 I want to get them all right just
fill it out Cody but whose goal would be
like a 50 or a two and if you need any
words of encouragement look at Mr Apple
you can do it well thank you Mr Apple I
actually do have one more question
though some of the questions are
repeated multiple times like 0 plus 2
and 0 plus 2 and 0 plus 2 and 0 plus two
Cody Cody Cody I can't help you with any
questions on this exam you have to do
that yourself and if it's too confusing
for you maybe you're not ready to leave
kindergarten well it's not confusing I
just thought maybe you made a typo or
something all right Cody no cheating
I'll try not to there's no way you're
going to pass that test blow those
questions are hard oh yeah when I pass
this test I'm never going to have to see
any of you [ __ ] ever again oh Freddy
I I might still hang out with you Freddy
you're cool okay hey bro you want me to
shop at your pencil for you no it's
pretty sharp I can make it sharper why
would I ever trust you ever again you
bit my ear on off you goon hey Cody this
is what the poop looks like coming out
of my butt hell yeah Freddy what [ __ ]
off Mikey give me my test back why don't
you come gete you
[ __ ] God damn it Mikey get back here
all right Joseph this is the
kindergarten classroom what guys what
the hell are you doing here we said we
were going to sneak into your
kindergarten class I said don't do that
well we're already here okay well if
you're already here help me catch Mikey
who's Mikey he's the blonde kid in the
orange shirt I have an orange shirt well
you're not blonde are you no come on
let's catch my gate okay hey Daryl I'm
going to hide in your Des but don't tell
anyone hey you guys seen Mikey no yeah
wait which is it I ain't stitching wait
Cody why is that kid pressing bear over
and over and over again I don't know he
doesn't talk that's just what he does oh
Cody there's Mikey he's wearing orange
but he's not blonde well that kid over
there's blonde yes but she's not wearing
an orange shirt kindergarten is way too
hard God damn it Mikey get back
here oh Cody are you finished with your
test no I have to make some corrections
Cody you spelled your name wrong your
name's not code I asked if you knew how
to spell your name I didn't write that
your name is spelled c o d d y yeah I
know Cody you got everything wrong on
your test 2 + 2 isn't 17 and 3 + 2 isn't
1 I know that's because I didn't write
that Mikey did it you cheated off of
Mikey what no Mikey didn't even have a
[ __ ] test I was the only person
taking it oh and the only thing you got
right was my goal which is zero and why
the [ __ ] would I even write that you
made Mr Apple sad because you couldn't
do it well ask Mr Apple who really took
the test he knows actually you know what
ask my friends Mikey stole it right guys
Cody you snuck in your friends from an
older grade to help you cheat on your
test but no well to be fair I didn't
know that 2 + 0 was two I thought it was
zero jior that's 2 * 0o oh do we talk
animal crackers I'm going keep this
maybe your friends should be in
kindergarten with you look just let me
take the test again I can do it no I'm
sorry Cody but there's no way you can
pass kindergarten okay you know what I'm
going to go beat Mikey's ass come on
guys wait no no no actually I have to
check my phone do what you got to do I
love my blocks hey Freddy what happened
did you fail your test yeah sure did but
guess what I want to introduce you to
some friends of mine you don't have
friends yeah I do we're the steer boys
and we're going to
[ __ ]
boy fight back fight back can I be a SK
boy yeah sure come on
FR your mouth
[Music]
what do you think he's doing maybe he's
going through the punishment book to
find a
punishment I found it what' you find the
word
[ __ ] that Mark Twain is a literary
genius but you guys what the hell is
wrong with you fighting in a
Kindergarten class and sneaking in here
trying to cheat on a test he thought I
wouldn't find out well we didn't cheat
on the test all we did was beat up a
kindergarten you you should have just
said that oh my bad my bad silly me you
think I'm stupid I could send all of
y'all to juie you know that I can see
you to juvie juvie I I think he just
like saying juvie juvie is kid prison
you want to go to kid prison bad asses
no I could send you to kid prison but
you know what I got a better plan how
about I send you to
kindergarten s sir I I'm already in
kindergarten well your friends can Jo in
kindergarten okay and I got the perfect
test for you if you fail my exam you get
to stay in kindergarten
forever well I I I I have a question
about it what since we're going to
kindergarten is the video going to be
called Cody goes to kindergarten or is
it going to be we all go to kindergarten
I really thought about that one maybe
Junior goes to kindergarten but what
about Joseph Joseph's going what about
uh Cody plus two yeah maybe Junior and
friends go to kindergarten that's too
long how about Junior's Miss Adventure
how about Junior Joseph Cody go to
kindergarten that's that's too long
pretty long thanks again to Dragon City
for sponsoring this video don't forget
to grab your limited time offer by
clicking the link in the description at
now and get 15,000 food 30,000 gold and
the Epic Obie dragon and the SML
decoration instantly go check out Dragon
City now
[Music]
m