oh man there's so many dirty dishes
Jeffy stop doing that and help me do the
dishes but I don't want to do the dishes
Daddy it's part of your chores chores
are for [ __ ] o take these clean dishes
and put them in the cabinets over there
all right well I'm going to balance them
on my head like a [ __ ] don't put them on
your head Jeffy stop that you're going
to drop them
where what do you mean where I didn't
understand the question and wasn't a
question I said you were going to drop
them how' you know are you a shyi
because I knew if you tried to put them
on your head you were going to drop them
but how did you know that's it Jeffy you
have to Swip up all this glass do the
dishes vacuum go do all the chores but D
show me chores figure it out a I guess
I'm going to have to find some
help Cody that's not where the bone goes
Junior if that's not his dick what is
you tell me hey guys can you'all help me
do my chores chores we don't want to do
your chores Jeffy yeah I don't feel like
being in a house [ __ ] today dude well I
wish there were three more of me so they
can do my chores and I can just sit
around and beat my diaper all day wait a
minute Jeffy why don't we just clone you
what incardination you think that's a
good idea dude wait we can just clone
Jeffy how are we going to clone him with
my clone machine that I already have oh
yeah you do have a clone machine yeah
let me go get it all right there it is
the cloning machine cloning machine
cloning machine cloning machine patent
approved it was pending for years but
the patent finally got approved so I
just get in this and it clones me yep
just hop on in wait Cody why is there a
copy of Alvin and the Chipmunks in there
oh yeah sorry about that I've been
cloning copies of Alvin and the
Chipmunks to sell online I didn't know
it was a market for it oh yeah there's a
big underground monk Market this movie
is a cult classic people love it they
dress up like the Chipmunks and have
watch parties it's great do you really
make that much money cloning Alvin the
chipmunks oh yeah I make Bank oh wait
why are you putting it back in there if
we're going to be cloning Jeffy well we
can get three more Jeffy and three more
copies of Alvin and the Chipmunks all
right Jeffy get in there okay yeah get
in there boy what was that I don't know
just close the door all right Junior
it's
closed ow it's closed Junior God damn I
want to make sure it we're shut okay so
now we just have to set it for three cuz
we want three jeffy's put it to toast
and now we just
wait my name's and I'm and I'm Simon
Cody what the [ __ ] what is going on what
the hell dude I'm out of here well I can
only assume because there was an Elven
and the Chipmunks DVD in there the DVD's
DNA got mixed up with jeffy's DNA and
made Jeffy and the Jeff monks why does
this one look like you I don't know
maybe some my dandruff got in there and
my DNA got mixed in too so you guys are
like Alvin and the Chipmunks yeah can
you sing like
them we wish you a Merry Christmas we
wish you a Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year we
can only sing public domain songs do my
chores we don't do chores we don't
s
the all right stop stop stop four Alvin
the Chipmunk movies is enough there was
four Junior these are the Chipmunks from
the first movie they haven't met the
chipet yet who are the chipet oh don't
worry you clap some chip mug cheeks in
the squeel oh hell no all right guys let
me show you to my daddy come on oh
they're so annoying hey Jeffy did you do
your chores not yet then go away you're
not allowed to come talk to me till
they're done hold on I going to tell you
something what I don't have to do my
chores yes you do shut up I'm got to
tell you something what I don't have to
do my chores because I hire children to
do my chorge and they're right there
hello Jeffy what the [ __ ] are those
things those are the Jeff monks the what
it's like Alvin and the Chipmunks except
it's
me Jeffy I don't care who they are or
how they were created I want them dead
you got to get rid of them well I'm not
getting rid of them cuz they're going to
do my chores I already told you that we
don't do chores we sing a I want to hear
them sing I don't all right guys let's
go ahead and sing them a song and tell
them who we are
[Music]
ja run and Tru and looking for NS who
are the
M have to put a so ymy too much we are
the
je get to we our nuts in our BS We Are
The Jeffy marks and we love
that was the worst thing I've ever heard
oh I loved it they should do three more
movies absolutely not I want them to
leave I want them to do my chores I want
a song well you can sing your ass down
the road when you leave cuz you're
getting out of here but Marvin they
sound so good and they look so cute they
should record music and stay here
they're not staying here they're going
to leave I'm hungry me too I want tles
cookies and ice cream you're not getting
candy or cookies or ice cream you're
getting green beans everyone's eating
green beans actually you're not eating
anything cuz you're leaving okay fine
we'll leave but we have a song first I
don't want to hear another one of your
high pitched songs come on
boys try to
my don't know why who has
to all I wanted was something good to do
something
C
what I want but
my
my D want to kick us
out push us
around a
clown but that is a
clown we're live we're gone you'll never
see us again you just lost your son and
a Str in my friend that's right we're
gone that's the r for the song that's
right we're
g the freaking sucked I liked it Marvin
can't they stay no they're going to get
out right
now and you mister yes sir you're going
to do your chores and get them done in 5
minutes or you're kicked out too what I
doing my chores go do them
Marvin I don't know how you can be so
mean sometimes because my ears are
ringing from that high pitch annoying
song come on guys let's get out of here
but where will we go I here sounds good
to
meing on the
[Applause]
road I have to assign some new talent to
my record label quick but nobody knows
how to sing anymore think David Cross
think wait what is that angelic music I
hear I got to check this
out Marvin do you hear that the
Chipmunks are singing they better not be
on my property they get
[Music]
out get the [ __ ] off my front yard you
annoying chipm okay Dam come on guys so
guys where are we going to go now maybe
that random car can pick us up hey we're
hit Hiers hey there did you guys hear
some beautiful sounding music yeah that
was
us
he okay well let me hear a
tune stop stop I've heard enough you
guys are good hey how would you guys
like to be billionaires okay okay just
hop in
okay yes yes okay you guys buckle up
back there so where are we doing Mr
baldman oh please call me David Cross or
Uncle Ian can I call your daddy H Maybe
maybe but we're going on a little road
trip oh a road trip no I wasn't in that
one now buckle your godamn seat belts
cuz we're going to the
studio those damn Chipmunks are singing
on the front porch I told him to get out
or I'll call exterminator hey Daddy did
you do your chores yeah if I go check
are they done well you'll be
disappointed in my effort what do you
mean well let's just say I grabbed the
broom and came up here and acted like I
did my chores go do your chores to me
but Danny I can beat Harry Potter in the
game of quiddit give me that flying
Golden Ball [ __ ] Marvin look the news
everyone be quiet the news is
on breaking news M three chipmunks with
human heads are number one on the charts
with their new hit song daddy is so mean
you'd be a fool if you had the
opportunity to sign them and gave it up
number one on the charts we should have
kept them Marvin I wanted to keep them
you said no because you're a meanie
beanie me I'm not a meanie beanie I wish
we would have kept it cuz we would have
gotten all the millions of dollars from
their record sales Marth that's horrible
and now some lucky piece of [ __ ] gets to
take all their money well D I think we
should go save them because they're my
kids jeffy's right they're part of Jeffy
so so that money should be jeffy's which
is technically mine cuz he lives under
my roof so if we go save them we get the
money yeah come on Daddy hop on my
Nimbus 3,000 I'll fly us there all right
go all right I think this is David
cross's
house hello Amber tamin oh well hey
there fellas how may I help you tonight
is your husband David Cross here oh sure
he's upstairs fiddling with that old
piano don't you know he stole my rats oh
I'm so sorry to hear that young fella
yeah can we go up there and speak to him
oh sure come on
in for this wet ass bruss no no no
that's all wrong I told you it's get a
bucket in a mop for this wet ass [ __ ]
now do it again and do it
correctly uh Mr David Cross hi that's me
TV's David Cross how did you get inside
my house did my wife Amber Tamlin let
you in yes Miss tamblin let us in yeah
you know she was in Sisterhood of the
Traveling Pants and now I'm in hers did
you know she's 19 years younger than me
she was born when I was in college
anyway what can I do for you gentlemen
well you see these Chipmunks right here
yes the Chipmunks they're my finest
musical accomplishment you know I found
them on the street when they were
begging for scraps and now they're
famous and making me Millions well
actually those Chipmunks are they they
belong to Jeffy yeah they're my rats
what you see their heads it looks like
jeffy's oh I guess I do kind of see the
resemblance but still they signed a
lifetime contract they belong to me well
how about you ask them who they want to
be with hey you stupid ugly dumb rats do
you want to come home with me and Jeffy
and do his chores and not ever sing but
make me money or do you want to stay
here with David Cross and Amber tamblin
we want to stay here with Uncle an and
his wife Miss tler we love them and they
give us all the candy we want oh c yeah
see they rather stay with me so please
leave my house well we're not going to
leave until they come back with us cuz
you're breaking the law I'm not breaking
the law I legally hired them to sing for
me which they're more than happy to do
so I'm going to have to ask you to leave
before I call the police and they will
show up pretty quickly because they know
this is David cross's house all right
Jeffy they choose to stay with David
Cross and Amber tamblin we have to get
out of here oh okay I guess we did all
we could do all right back at it so
Marvin did you get the Chipmunks back no
they wanted to stay with David Cross and
Amber tamblin well maybe you shouldn't
have been so mean to them meanie beanie
all I wanted them to do was record music
for me so I can make millions of dollars
off of them Marvin it's wrong to use
them for money that's what David Cross
is doing so do I still have to do my CH
yes you have to do your
charge would you pull me
ow
[Music]