all right guys you ready to go to Chuck
E cheese yeah let's go hey guys PJ CR
Shaw P Jamies CR Shaw jamy Jam
grin yep that's my name I just wanted to
see if you guys wanted to come to my
party tonight the dress code is PJ's
only of course we want to go to your
party PJ we'll go right now yeah dude
wait I thought we were going to
Chuck-E-Cheese Jeffy if PJ crenchaw
invites you to a party you don't say no
yeah you can't turn it down dude okay I
guess we'll go to the party everyone get
in the car wait that's your car yeah
nice car thanks
not wait do you like my car or not no
bro it's a piece of crap see see Mo Kaka
yeah you guys can't come to my party in
that thing okay well we just walk to
your party no now that I've seen your
car I know how lame you are and I can't
be seen with you guys at my party so get
a new car you guys can't go wow good
going Jeffy since you have a crappy car
we can't go to PJ's party yeah thanks
dude well it's not my fault I don't have
the money for a new car drag racing what
yeah if you try drag racing like in fast
Furious you can get enough money for a
new car oh my God Savage dude you should
do it yeah you should go find a random
guy to race on the road and then say hey
I'll I'll bet you money I can beat your
car and a race and then when you can buy
a new car and we go to PJ's party okay I
guess I'll go try to find the drag race
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[ __ ] H what took you so long
[Music]
who taught you how to drive like that my
dad used to be a race car driver must
have sucked I guess you're going to take
my car here's my pink slip nah
[Applause]
Fair what are you doing here I want a
race and win money oh we don't race for
money here we race for pink slips well I
don't know what that is if I win I get
your car but if I win I get your car oh
you're not going to be racing me you're
not ready for that you're going to be
racing
him are you ready to be eating my dust I
don't need anything but ass good luck
kid you're going to need it
[Music]
[Applause]
on your mark get set
[Music]
go oh he's going to get a
[Music]
ticket oh hell yeah you see that [ __ ]
you like that [ __ ] because it looks like
you like that [ __ ] now give me those
Keys No give me the keys give him the
keys but then I won't have a car sorry
you're not family oh o Richard your dad
is a [ __ ] no no your dad is this a
dead beat no no your dad has a lot of
stuff in his bank account so he is a
business owner no your dad is this a
piece of [ __ ] cuz he won't let me spend
money but if he let you spend money he
would be a good dad you know you're oh
my God the time the time's almost gone
your that is a [ __ ] oh hey guys oh
Jeffy did you win a race to get some
money to buy a new car no I lost to a
Lamborghini why the [ __ ] would you try
to race a Lamborghini yeah what's wrong
with you dude a PT Cruiser can't beat a
Lamborghini yeah dumbass if you want to
beat a Lamborghini the only car that can
do that is my dad's Porsche 911 wait
your dad has a car that can beat a
Lamborghini yeah ooh okay I know this is
asking for a lot but is there a way we
can borrow that car so that we can go
beat other cars and races so we can get
enough money to buy us a cool car car
it'll piss off my dad but sure I'll go
get the keys oh my
God I am rude what I just feel like one
day I'm going to be
Gro I am
Gro well well well look who got
themselves a big Bo call yeah and I want
to race you oh you're not ready to race
me and besides I'm not done with my
father you're to race him again oh blue
is my favorite color give me that [ __ ]
good luck kid yeah good
luck I'm about to have me AB Bo On Your
Mark get S
go oh [ __ ] I'm losing [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
damn the kid actually did
it I can't believe I lost to a 911 how
ironic Now give me that
[Music]
[ __ ] am I family now not yet first you
got to beat him
perfect what's good I'm rocking the
Hennessy Camaro cuz that's all I drink
show this kid who's B all right good
luck kid there's a a thousand ponies
under the hood of that car I'm about to
win me a porsch so I can pull up my
Hennessy on your
mark got
[Applause]
sad
[Music]
go take this Hennessy take this
Hennessy oh no I'm losing
[Music]
no I can't believe I not the Hennessy
get me out damn this kid just keeps
winning I think you're finally ready to
race me noin diesel what if you lose
family
[Music]
[Music]
you're about to learn what family
is on your Mar get set
go no family family [ __ ] your
family I am
Gro vend diesel vend diesel you lost
it's okay the kid won fair and square
here you go you deserve to have my car
no family family thank you so much for
not taking my [ __ ] car it's so
expensive it's my whole personality then
diesel look I am
[Music]
group I to race you to win my
Lamborghini pack actually I want to race
you for all your cars good luck he's
been beating everybody today in that 911
over I'm going to do very first than
9/11 run that [ __ ] all right family kick
his ass all
right on your mark get set
go come on family you got
this oh no I'm
losing no he's losing no family oh yes
I'm going to win all the Cs
hell yes give me that [ __ ] give me those
keys you can't beat a Tesla firmly now
we lost all our cars damn it but at
least we have family shut up hey guys oh
Jeffy how much money did you win by
using the Porsche well I wasn't Racing
for money I was racing for cars and at
one point I won a Lamborghini and a
Camaro oh my God that means we can take
a Lamborghini to the party we're going
to look so cool no I ended up losing the
cars to ATT test Tesla why the [ __ ]
would you race the Tesla nothing can
beat that wait so you lost Richard's
dad's Porsche in a race yeah oh Richard
how mad are you oh I'm not mad my dad
deserves it he's a piece of [ __ ] wait
guys I just realized we could have just
taken the Porsche to the
party
[ __ ] huh that would have we could just
asked to borrow it for the party
[Music]
yeah hey guys it's Logan I hope you
enjoyed watching this video I just
wanted to let you guys know that during
the filming of this video I broke my
back in a car accident I was actually
driving the red Camaro in this video
that's the car that I crashed in and the
reason why it crashed was because if you
notice in the video we were doing a lot
of burnouts and that car had 1,000
horsepower and we took the it actually
burned the tread off the tire from doing
so many burnouts so when I raced at the
end of the drag strip and I tried to
stop the tires didn't get traction and
it wouldn't stop and the car kind of
just skitted into a ditch and uh my car
went in the air and it landed really
hard and that's what broke my back so
I'm in this back brace for 12 weeks it's
going to be a long recovery um I'm I'm
on a lot of pain medicine so right now
I'm feeling okay but when it wears off
I'm in a lot of pain so um this is the
last video I had saved so we don't have
any new video saved right now I'm going
to try to film tomorrow to try to get
you guys at least two videos a week I I
don't know know if I'll be able to do
three but you know it's it's just so
hard to edit while on the pain medicines
it's so hard to film while in pain and I
I can't really move a lot and this is
some of the worst pain I've ever been in
like this morning cuz I broke my back
four days ago and this morning was the
worst pain I've ever felt this morning I
don't know why it's getting worse but I
just want to let you guys know that
there are new videos coming I'm going to
try to film for you guys I love you so
much I hope you enjoyed this video um I
was going to try to make it longer but
after I wrecked there really wasn't much
I could do so I'll see you guys in the
next video uh please be patient I'm
going to try to get out as fast as
possible