all right crra today is February 29th
2024 and it is a leap year usually
February has 28 days but every four
years February gains an extra day
because every frog on Earth leaps at the
exact same time making Earth a little
bit lighter and then it pushes Earth
further away from the Sun and then when
all the frogs on Earth land back on the
ground then it pushes Earth back into a
normal orbit and that is aipia I was
wondering why I didn't see any frogs
today yeah dude I usually eat fro for
breakfast but I couldn't find anybody a
river guys that's not what a leap year
is oh yeah then what's a leap year nerd
well the Earth takes 365 days 5 hours 48
minutes and 46 seconds to orbit the Sun
but we round that down to 365 days for a
normal year but then every four years we
make up for those extra 6 hours by
adding an extra day to the end of
February why do you like look weird
today like did you get a haircut yeah
something's different about you dude no
and another crazy thing is that if your
birthday is on February 29th you only
age every 4 years imagine having a
birthday today I know dude so depressing
I'd rather have a birthday on September
11th or Coline yeah days that actually
matter dude if my birthday was the day I
would jump off the tallest bridge yeah
like the tallest bridge like my life
doesn't matter face yeah so funny right
Cody Cody why you wearing a dunce cap
it's not a dunce cap it's a birthday hat
dude it's not your birthday today yeah
your birthday is not today yes it is oh
wait Joseph today is his birthday oh
happy birthday dude yeah happy birthday
you butt Humper thanks guys I mean we
don't understand why you do it but we're
still your friend that's great you can
stop so how many times do I get to hit
you though well I'm turning 16 wait how
many birthdays have you actually had
four so you're 4 years old no we've had
this conversation I'm still 16 how many
February 29ths have existed since you've
been born four so you're 4 years old no
that doesn't mean time didn't still pass
for 16 years okay hold on so when
February 29th doesn't exist what day do
you celebrate your birthday on March 1st
but were you born on March 1st no so you
can't celebrate your birthday on the day
you were actually born on Cody yeah you
don't get to pick and choose dude yeah I
want my birthday on Christmas n mine is
on 4th of July yeah I want my birthday
every single day that's what I want guys
we've been through this before I'm still
16 teacher Cody's birthday is today how
old is he wait Cody your birthday is on
February 29th that means you're only 4
years old you can't be 4 years old in my
crass you have to go back to
kindergarten get out of my class right
now what I'm the smartest kid in this
class I don't belong in kindergarten go
to the kindergarten pross right now oh
screw all of you guys here you going
have my stupid birthday hat look at the
four-year-old throwing a temper tantrum
a I thought he was out of his terrible
tool you need your apple juice and your
animal crackers I hope you all die Mrs
Fitz Patrick's kindergarten class I'm
not supposed to be in kindergarten I'm
the smartest kid in the
school oh my
God Mickey Mouse is purple Mouse
PO with the block no my block DJ Mikey
won't let me play with the block Mikey
Mikey share your block oh class class we
have a new student class class one 2
three eyes on me give me a Block M no
it's my
block oh that color R Mickey Mouse all
done now it's time for dappy duck dappy
duck that Pur uh guys guys she said 1 2
3 all eyes on me I think that means you
got to shut the [ __ ] up I want to hit it
with the hammer my hammer class class if
you're not quiet right now no animal
crackers or jeice Mikey I'm calling your
mother my mom's
dead that is it I'm putting my foot down
no animal crackers or juice no animal
crack Your
[Applause]
[Music]
Juice Jesus Christ that's right no
animal crackers or juice unless you're
quiet by the time I count to three one 2
three good Mikey God damn it get your
ass in the timeout chair a man H you
know it was me Mikey you sit there and
think about what you've done I think my
dad killed my mom okay now class we have
a new student come here young man I'm
Miss Fitzpatrick and what's your name
Cody class use your manners everyone say
hi to Cody hi
Cody ow Mikey little [ __ ] now Cody
that's no no language we don't use that
that was a no no word okay but Mikey's
still a piece of [ __ ] I know that but we
don't say it right Mikey Mikey you
little [ __ ] I'm glad we're on the same
page about Mikey Cody now why don't you
go introduce yourselves to your other
classmates and try to make new friends
find somewhere to sit
okay hey what are you CHS up to I'm
coloring it out the puss that's cool I
spell penis B nice two of my favorite
things oh a dizzy character is purple
wow you have a very vivid imagination
young man why is he only pushing bear
bear is his favorite animal the teacher
say he's on the Spectrum okay well let's
try a different
animal never mind to let's go
bear y you guys have fun sitting here
I'm going to go look for a different
seat wow this is cool you guys get to
just sit here and play with toys all day
can I try ow ow ow ow okay okay never
mind I'm not sitting here oh cool blocks
I wouldn't touch those blocks didn't
there Mikey's blocks yeah well guess
what Mikey's [ __ ] ass is in timeout so
these are Cody's blocks now wow can I
play too sure why the hell not oh you're
really cool Cody you know what I hate
you the least what's your name Freddy
nice to meet you Freddy you think I can
stick this block in my butthole not if I
beat you to
it all right class since you've been so
good I'm going to pass out the animal
crackers and juice yeah what about Mikey
does Mikey get animal crackers and juice
[ __ ] off Mikey oh okay okay Mikey Mikey
listen if you can be quiet for three
whole minutes you can get out of timeout
and get animal crackers and juice okay
Mikey will not make a sound okay
okay class I'm going to pass out the
snacks wow you guys get animal crackers
and juice it's animal crackers and juice
day here you go Cody there's your animal
crackers and juice no and here you go
Freddy there's yours thank you you're
welcome thank you for saying thank you
you're welcome a thank you for saying
you're welcome you're welcome again you
have such good manners damn Freddy I
think she has a crush on you you could
probably tap that if you wanted to
you're in there like swimwear I wear
pull-ups when I go swimming so I I can
take a dookie in the pool okay never
mind all right class are you enjoying
your animal crackers and juice yeah oh
Mrs Fitzpatrick I got a question what is
it Taylor why does Daryl get a cocacola
because Daryl is special is it because
it's the last day of black history move
no Daryl Daryl I have a question for you
what kind of animal drinks Coca Cola in
the
commercials very good a bear
specifically a PO
bear bear a bear just a regular
Bear all right class I hope you're
enjoying your crackers and juice um Mrs
Fitzpatrick Mrs Fitzpatrick Mrs
Fitzpatrick what um I've been really
quiet so I was wondering if I could go
out time out and eat some crackers and
juice yes you can go back to your seat
but but but but if you act up again
Mikey you're back in timeout
okay
yeah Freddy I think the elephants taste
better than the hippos but not as good
as the Jor Raff ones hey what are you
doing near my blocks this is my seed I
sit here yeah well don't touch my blocks
I don't see your name on them well
they're my blocks what are you even
doing here Mikey they let you had a
timeout already yeah I did three minutes
a hard time Hey where's my straw my
apple juice doesn't have a straw Freddy
give me a straw no I'm using it I said
give me a straw no hey Mikey how about
your back to [ __ ] off Freddy how about
you make me full eyes you also have
glasses dumb ass oh Mrs fatrick Cody
said dumb ass so did you dumbass nuh
dumb ass settle down class it's nap time
so everyone get out your pillows and
blankets and lay down your heads and
shut the [ __ ] up wait you guys get nap
time yeah what kind of school did you go
to before we get nap time every day yeah
I think the teacher uploads on our Omie
fans while we're napping well good for
her I guess
wow this is the life I get to eat animal
crackers I drink juice and I get nap
time we didn't even learn anything today
I can get used to this there there
there there
there
spare SP oh good they're all asleep now
I can check my only fan see how it's
doing so I can get out of the shitty
job
sweet Jesus Freddy those animal crackers
aren't settling right are
they hey why you want my blocks smell
like poop oh yeah we shoved those up me
and Freddy's ass
e maybe Freddy should have stayed Court
m is been BWI Cody jump one of my blocks
up his ass Freddy did
too God damn it Mikey you're not
supposed to be playing with your blocks
it is nap time don't be mad at me
because you only have two subscribers on
your only fans and my dad's one of them
that is it time out Mister time out
again enjoy being in timeout Mikey you
[ __ ] ow ow he's biting my [ __ ]
head teacher get him off he's biting my
hand Mikey's biting me Mikey Mikey Mikey
no biting no biting Mikey oh God not
again God School sucked today we have so
much homework yeah dude I'm over it hey
guys Cody how didd you get here before
us I'm in kindergarten we get out at no
you get out at noon a lucky yeah I'm 4
years old so I guess I don't have to be
in school as long wait a minute you're 4
years old so that that means he a
kindergarten loser how was it it was
awesome I got to eat animal crackers and
drink apple juice and I got nap time nap
time yeah it's perfect the only thing
that sucks is Mikey who's Mikey he's
this annoying little [ __ ] that bit my
hand I wish they had to cut his head off
to see if he had rabies so you're
actually going to stay in kindergarten
yeah I think I'm going to stick around
for a while I was going to tell my
parents and have them call the school so
I can go back to normal classes but I
think I think it's pretty fun I'm going
to hang out there well well we have a
bunch of homework do you have homework
yeah Miss Fitzpatrick said I have to
find three things that are blue my bow
ties blue my shirt's blue and my pants
are blue well I guess I'm done with my
homework I'm free for the afternoon guys
maybe I'll go practice my napping what I
want to go to kindergarten dude I hate
[Music]
him
[Music]