oh come on Cody there's no way you think
your pigeon driving a Peanut's going to
beat my dinosaur driving a motorcycle no
way Junior there's no way your dinosaur
driving a motorcycle is going to beat my
pige and driving a peanut well then
let's go outside and run it we come out
Junior whip it out if it's so big junior
junior junior oh thank God you're here
Penelope I need you to settle an
argument yes I would totally choose the
bear there is no bear to choose from
Penelope there's a dinosaur driving a
motorcycle versus a pigeon driving a
peanut oh well I guess the peanut is a
bit more aerodynamic yes thank you you
guys just like nuts in your mouth Yes I
do junior I have a surprise for you
you're going to dye your hair blonde so
you're attractive what nothing Junior
just look away and hold out your hand
Cody I think I'm going to feel hooh hoos
for the first time okay Junior when
she's done give me your other hand and
don't look I got something for you to
squeeze and tug all right Junior now you
can look what do you think what is it
it's a bracelet with my name on it so
now you can always be thinking about me
yay shut up Cody and look I have a
bracelet with your name on it so now we
can always be thinking about each other
double gay shut up Cody well Junior what
do you think that's cool well it doesn't
seem like you like it Junior well I I I
do like it I just already have these
black things on my wrist and my wrist
feels really cluttered well mine is
prettier Junior and don't ever take it
off otherwise I will break up with you
and I'll move in with my grandparents in
Iowa triple gay what happened that was
Triple gay just you wearing it well she
said I can't take it off or she's going
to break up with me Cody okay fine if
you want everybody thinking your name is
Penelope what okay why would I wear a
bracelet with my own name on it well you
wear a bib with your own name on it and
speaking of which why do you wear a bib
how old are you well because I'm a Messy
eater Cody and I don't want to stay in
my orange shirt my great great
grandmother gave me this shirt and she
died okay yeah so just don't look at my
wrist it's kind of hard not to look at
that gay [ __ ] just don't look at it look
it's behind my head just don't look at
it Junior I just heard your front door
open and close now I'm assuming that's
Joseph and not an intruder but if it is
Joseph we should ask his opinion about
your bracelet and if it's an intruder we
should scream fre this is a robbery no
empty your pockets yeah an intruder we
had a 50/50 chance I up to your pockets
I don't have pockets me neither well uh
give me that dinosaur and that peanut
pigeon over there okay you can take him
but first which one do you think would
win in a race yeah I guess I'll find out
later now give
me now I got to kill both of you so
there's no Witnesses but I'm gay yeah I
can't kill a gay guy people who think
I'm homophobic looks like I just got to
kill you a [ __ ] you're gay too look at
that bracelet I can't kill two gay guys
keep your stuffff dang it but I'm not
gay Junior shut up but I'm not gay Cody
yeah but that bracelet saved your life
and it saved our race animals wait
Junior your front door just opened and
closed again now either that's Joseph or
a pizza guy because we did order pizza
30 minutes ago hey there pizza time I
saw a guy with a gun leaving so I
assumed you wouldn't be answering the
door that'll be $14.99 okay let me get
the money all I have is a 10 well that's
not $4.99 I ought to beat your ass oh
wait a minute I don't want a hate crime
on my hands you know since you're gay
and all yeah I saw the bracelet it has
my daughter's name on it that's weird so
yeah I'll take the $10 I already feel
kind of bad cuz I ate three slices of
your pizza call me hungry cuz I'm hoe
damn it that's not it call me Howard no
God damn it I practice this in the car
when I was eating your pizza I I must be
Hoy cuz I was hungry that's that's why I
ate three slices of your pizza so now
I'm not hungry I'm I'm full I'm full Hoy
no longer hungry Hoy I don't know just
enjoy your [ __ ] Pizza ooh looks like
I made it just in time the piece Is Here
Yeah Joseph you missed a weird day this
robber came in and held me and Cody at
gunpoint what nobody got shot no he
thought we were gay so he didn't shoot
us he didn't want to get canceled M
understandable you know with Cody and
everything wait what the hell is that
dude what dude that pink bracelet is
fruity as hell yeah that's what I said
well Penelope made me a bracelet because
she's my
girlfriend she's going to have your ass
wearing a bra and high heels next and
strating up and down the highway giving
blows for 25 cents oh please Junior keep
wearing that no listen guys there's
nothing wrong with this bracelet you
guys don't even have girlfriends that
would make you a bracelet dude should I
get you a wig and you know makeup come
on guys just stop making fun of me I
have to wear this if I take it off she's
going to break up with me wait wait wait
wait wait hold up my fun is all [ __ ]
up something's wrong Jo Joseph switch
with me that's my side of the couch no
dude I don't see your name on the couch
Joseph switch with me I like that side
of the couch no I'm not switching with
you dude make me D you please I've
always sat on that side of the couch
that's my side of the couch oh fine my
god oh this is much better this is where
I belong now Joseph who would win in a
race a pigeon in a peanut or a dinosaur
in a motorcycle I don't know about all
that but I know who will win the gayest
person on this planet Junior with that
damn bracelet okay that's it I'm taking
it off thank you finally you'll never
see me wear that stupid dumb bracelet
ever again damn Junior I didn't know
your balls were so big yeah that's what
I'm talking about dude as long as you
don't wear that bracelet you're straight
yeah I don't need that stupid dumb
bracelet Junior I'm back oh guys can you
help me put it back on please please
Junior I thought you weren't going to
wear it if I'm not wearing it penel is
going to bring it up with me help me put
it back on okay gab boy hey Junior oh
hey penel look I'm still wearing the
bracelet I never took it off okay great
well my dad was just here and he told me
he delivered a pizza so I was hoping to
get a slice yeah get you a slice grab a
slice of that pepperon ew I don't like
pepperoni I thought it was sausage bye
junior what is this pink goo on top of
the pizza box yeah everyone look at the
pink goo and not this bracelet Junior I
can't believe you were so gay you put
the bracelet back on yeah dude you were
craving penis that bad well no God you
know if I take it off penel will break
up with me okay whatever you
say gay boy okay that's it I'm taking it
off again you're never going to see me
wear that stupid dumb bracelet never
ever never again I don't believe you
Junior I think you're going to put it
back on as soon as you see Penelope
again nope nope that's not going to
happen I swear let me break it what let
me break that b you don't need it let me
break that b the bracelet break it yeah
break that b yeah stump on it if I had
to let him break it jior let him break
it so you're saying you want to break
the bracelet yeah I want to split that
[ __ ] down the middle mhm stump on it
Cur stump that b let me break that b
you're saying you want to break the
bracel I want to break that [ __ ]
let me break that b let him break it
jior um yeah sure break it I mean I
don't I don't I don't need it yeah
that's what I'm talking about unless
you're loyal to the penis no no I don't
like penis what the hell you talking
about if you like penis I won't break it
all you got to do is tell me bro no I
don't like penis no you can break it bro
just be honest with me break it or penis
break it or penis break it or penis bre
break it penis break break it or penis
bre break it or penis break it or penis
break break it her penis break it her
penis break it her penis break it her
penis break
it oh penis penis penis oh Junior have
some dignity I mean good choice but
still dude is for the best no Penelope
is going to break up with me when I
don't have it on my wrist and I
especially get us in a lot of pieces no
she's not dude cuz you're going to tell
her hey ho I'm no pet you can't tell me
to do you're right Joseph I'm going to
say that to her next time I see her a
big dumb stupid face Junior I'm back oh
no it's that so many pieces she's going
to break out with me give me all the
pieces give me all the pieces clean up
the pieces tell them in the bathroom all
right guys so I just realized I do like
pepperoni I don't like
peppercinis those are two completely
different [ __ ] things and either way
I can always pick off the pepperoni if I
don't want them but I thought you said
you did like pepperoni where's Junior oh
he's in the bathroom being gay
oh he must still be wearing the bracelet
I made him unless somebody broke that
[ __ ] what you know broke that
[ __ ] in hair split it like the red SE
huh you know in 2 million 3 million 4
million pieces what are you saying right
now don't listen to him Junior's still
wearing the bracelet oh good well tell
them I stop by well don't you want some
pizza what the [ __ ] and what is this
jelly does hungry hoes even sell jelly
okay okay maybe I can put the bracelet
back together but how ooh tape I need a
lot of tape oh God this SP so damn dirty
oh got to clean
it sh baby what are you doing hey watch
what you're doing going to mess up my
vacuum you vacuumed up my bracelet
bracelet where are you
gay what's wrong jior Shi was vacuuming
and he vacuumed up the pieces to the
bracelet so now it's gone forever wow
what a hero well Penelope came looking
for you but then she left again I think
she was just making sure you were still
wearing the bracelet guys what am I
going to do when Penelope sees I'm not
wearing the bracelet she's going to
leave me well the good news is you're
not gay anymore although you did just
yell penis penis penis but I'm not going
to count that because you're not going
to put your money where your mouth is
pretty sus though dude o guys I got an
idea what if I go buy a bracelet making
kit and I make a bracelet looks just
like the one she made me oh so gay well
I do have a bracelet making kit you do
yeah and I'll let you use it cuz that
Gay's got to stick together okay okay I
want to B wait no I'm not gay I'm not
gay I'm I'm not gay dude you have to
wear a dress though so yeah g boy okay
guys you know what I will not make
another bracelet I'm done with the
bracelets I just have to think of
another solution of why I'm not wearing
the bracelet I got an idea what if I
tell Penelope that the bracelet was so
tight on my wrist that I lost
circulation in my hand and I get my hand
cut off she'll think that her bracelet
did that so that's why I'm not wearing
it you would rather lose your hand than
have her break up with you dude she's
not worth a hand she's a five maybe a
5.5 at best you can find another one of
those behind the McDonald's register
dude guys guys listen listen it's a
perfect plan because look I could call
her in here and then right before she
gets in here you cut off my hand right
and you put it on ice and I tell her oh
your a bracelet did this to me don't
ever make me a bracelet ever again and
then when she leaves I get my hand put
right back on they throw it back on at
the hospital and you're going to do that
every time she comes over no no no no I
only have to do it once because she's
going to think her bracelet did that and
then I get my hand put back on and I say
they save my hand okay all right panop
get in here okay on my way all right
Cody hurry up and cut my hand off well
all I have is this butter knife get
cutting okay I I'll cut harder I'll cut
harder hey Junior you called wait why
are you still in the house I couldn't
figure out the door knob how old are you
do shut up Joseph oh God oh my God
Junior what happened to your hand that
stupid gay [ __ ] bracelet you made was
cutting the circulation off my hand they
had to cut it off to save it Junior I'm
so sorry do you want me to make you one
that fits you better oh yeah that's the
what I [ __ ] want right like no one
told me she could do that no one told me
she might say that well it was a stupid
idea in the first place
God Junior do you want me to make you a
new bracelet imagine being gay and
missing a hand no I don't want another
[ __ ] goddamn bracelet why would I
want another one make me lose my [ __ ]
hand I I don't want to wear I didn't
want to wear the last one that's why I
cut my hand off so I didn't have to wear
it Junior why didn't you just say
something I could have said something
yeah that's fine I wouldn't have made
you wear it oh [ __ ] Cody get my hand out
of the ice get my hand out of the ice
Cody go go to can you call your dad call
your dad T come put it back on call your
someone [ __ ] help me
[Music]