all right class we're having a pizza
party
tomorrow and in order to attend the
pizza party tomorrow you must get your
pizza party permission sip signed by
your parents and if you don't get your
permission signed by your parents then
you have to sit in the closet and study
and you can't eat pizza why do we have
to get a permission slip sign for a
pizza party yeah it's not like there's
gonna be strippers there because some of
you are failing the class so by having
your parents sign a permission slip this
proves that they have seen your grades
and they approve of you having pizza or
not i have all eight so i know i'm going
to that pizza party well i have all
season 1d so i should be fine i'd like
to see your d junior
i mean i can look up my grades i think
it's in history no that's not what
i was being gay but whatever oh gosh i
got all apps what if my parents don't
shine my permission slip you can just
fake their signature oh true and one
more thing crass if you're thinking
about trying to fake your parents
signature don't do it because we have a
parent signature database and we can
scan your permission strip and tell if
the signature on it is fake or not so
don't bend me over crafts oh no i can't
fake the signature but i know my daddy
he loves me he's definitely going to
shine that permission slip hey daddy hey
jeffy how was school i need your john
hancock you need to sign something yeah
just shine right here don't look at it
don't read it nothing oh you're having a
pizza party tomorrow yup sure am mommy
wait it says only sign if you've seen
your child's grades what are your grades
jeffy i'm doing fantastic baby can you
go on the parent portal and check his
grades sure marvin they better be good
jeffy oh no marvin he's failing
everything jeffy you're failing well i
thought the f stood for fantastic no
jeffy you're failing so i'm not signing
this permission slip this is horse
daddy every kid's gonna be meeting pj at
the party except for me well maybe
because they're not failing jeffy what
happens if you don't go to the party i
have to sit in a closet and study well i
think that's what you should do since
you're failing marvin what if jeffy
promises to bring up his grades if we
let him go to the pizza party tomorrow
that's not gonna happen baby that's
truly horse because he's gonna go
to the pizza party he's gonna eat it and
then the rest of the week he's gonna
start failing again wow you know me so
well daddy yeah that's why i'm not
signing the permission slip daddy i hope
you fall in a volcano you take that back
no i'm not taking back anything daddy
i'm gonna get this signature you're not
getting the signature jeffy because you
need my hands marvin don't you think
you're being a little mean no he's
failing everything baby if he goes to
the pizza party we're gonna be rewarding
bad behavior
who's at the door i don't know go check
uh hello hello i have a package for
marvin oh thank you so much i'm gonna
need you to sign for it though just
don't read it wait permission for pizza
party jeffy is that you no
it is you jeffy just sign it daddy how
about signing it
who was at the door marvin it was just
jeffy in a costume trying to get me to
sign his permission slip what yeah but
i'm too smart for him he's not gonna get
me oh marvin it's terrible what's wrong
doctor your son jeffy he got hit by a
car what well he did yeah he said he was
depressed so he was gonna go for a walk
by the interstate and he got hit by a
car
is he okay no he's on life support at
the hospital right now you better come
quick he doesn't have long left okay
here he is oh poor jeffy oh jeffy i'm so
sorry is he gonna be okay no he's on
life support and he's brain dead so he's
basically already gone jeffy if you can
hear us we love you he can't hear you
he's brain dead oh jeffy i'm so sorry
all right if we could just keep it down
there are other people who aren't dying
let's be considerate oh jeffy i wish i
would have been a better father i can't
feel like that oh look he's going he's
going he's going he's gone he is out of
there oh
jeffy oh i love you so much jimmy i miss
you jeffy
i know this is a tough time but i do
have some difficult questions i have to
ask i'm ready okay who do you think
would win in a fight superman and goku
what yeah that is a tough one we'll come
back to that later now who do you think
is cooler darth maul or darth vader
darth maul obviously yeah yeah you're
probably right okay now do you want your
son barry to cremate it i guess cremated
so we can you know scatter his ashes
somewhere cool yeah yeah that's dumb but
here sign this cremation form for me
okay cremation wait what yeah just sign
right there next to the piece of
pepperoni pizza
what the permission slip why did jeffy
do all this just to get this side yeah
okay look he offered me a slice of pizza
if i put him into a medically induced
coma so that you'd sign that i'm not
signing it jeffy i'm not signing it in
your stupid little coma i'm not signing
it oh come on
i am so mad at least he's not dead
marvin i kind of wish he was dead now
marvin boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom are you a shiner or not daddy
no you just tried to fake your own death
jeffy well i just shows how bad i want
it well you're not getting it jeffy oh
give me a piece of party danny oh no oh
yeah no i am going to bed come on we're
going to bed i am not signing it
i'm going to get that signature
[Music]
daddy
daddy
daddy
daddy
i need you to shine this so what shine
this all right
okay
no i'm gonna go to bed all right thanks
dad
hey junior did you get your permissions
outside my mom signed mine i got chef
pee pee to sign mine i didn't want to
risk my dad seeing my bad grades and
hitting me oh that's good hey jeffy did
you get your assigned yep sure did
junior my daddy signed mine while he was
sleeping that's believable yep sure is
um somebody should probably check on
bully he hasn't moved since yesterday
is that a fly all right crash who's
ready for the pizza party
all right crafts now turn in your
permission trips yeah here you go teach
i think you'll find everything in order
all right thank you cody now here's your
pizza and party all right next all right
here's my permission slip chef pee pee
yeah
all right i didn't know your last name
was pee pee all right junior pee pee
here's your pizza thank you now party
next
your parent really sadness
okay well then you wouldn't mind if i
called them to make sure they really
signed it would you i'll be right back
stop smacking your food it's gross but
this pizza is so good what are you doing
cody i'm picking the pepperoni off my
pizza because i'm jewish and i can't eat
pork pepperonis are pork what junior
pepperoni is pork no pepperonis are a
type of pepper junior where do you think
pepperoni comes from well when two
pepperonis love each other very much
they make love and they have baby
pepperonis what guys guys guys the
teacher's gonna call my dad and make
sure that he's on my permission slip
well didn't he sign your permission slip
well yeah but he didn't want to and so
now i need one of you guys to go to my
house and steal my daddy's phone and
pretend to be my daddy so i can eat
pizza well cody you should do it but me
why don't you do it because i'm eating
my pizza you're just playing with yours
but junior that's impossible how am i
gonna run all the way to jeffy's house
somehow find a way into the house and
then steal his dad's phone and just hope
he doesn't notice and like how am i
gonna do that before the teacher even
calls
all right jeffy my phone's dead but i'm
gonna put it on the charger and as soon
as it gets done charging i'm gonna call
your dad and make sure he signed your
permission slip
see cody look you have time his phone's
charging just go go go go go okay fine
but you guys owe me
i wonder how jeffy's day at school is
going he better be in that closet
studying cause he's a failure marvin no
he's failing he deserves to study all
day
who's at the door i don't know go look
okay hello hey can i use your bathroom
and also your phone wait wait wait
you're a kid shouldn't you be in school
uh uh yeah uh so what happened was is is
i was at school and i clogged the toilet
there and then i didn't want to tell
anybody because i thought i might get in
trouble so i ran away but i still have
to go so i want to use your bathroom but
then i still want to tell them that i
clogged their toilet so i want to call
it in so i don't get in trouble wait
wait wait if you clogged the school's
toilet why would i let you use my toilet
uh because it's just number one like i
already did number two there so i just
have to do number one here i don't know
if i'm comfortable with that okay okay
how about this one i i fell asleep on
the school bus and then when i woke up i
was still on the school bus and then
they dropped me off here so i found out
i really had to use the bathroom and
then i wanted to use your bathroom and
then also call my parents to tell them
i'm here actually i don't really need to
use a bathroom that was just an excuse
to come inside so i just want to call my
parents can i use your phone wait you
don't have to use the bathroom anymore
no i peed i just peed my pants just now
and i want to call my parents to tell
them about it please give me your phone
wait this doesn't add up at all hey
honey who's at the door this kid wants
to borrow my phone oh here you can use
mine no no i i don't want your phone it
has to be his phone specifically why my
phone um
because because because she is she's a
girl and she has cooties and i don't
want cooties what you don't have a
cootie shot what a cootie shot yeah
circle circle dot dot now you have your
cootie shot here you go no i don't i
don't want your phone keep your phone
give me your phone
all right jeffy my phone just turned on
now i'm gonna call your dad
hopefully cody got my dad's phone no my
phone's ringing what what uh uh i'll get
it it's my mom
give me my phone back
hello hey jeffy's dad
yes this is jeffy's dad this is jackie
chu jeffy's teacher and i just wanted to
make sure that you actually signed
jeffy's pizza party permission slip the
pizza party yeah yeah i signed the
permission clip for that that sounded
fun wait who yelling in the back yeah
yelling what yelling oh yeah that well
i'm being subpoenaed yeah this guy's
trying to serve me payback but i don't
want to go oh what are you getting
subpoenaed for well you see i saw a car
accident and they want me to come in and
tell my side of the story but i don't
really feel like doing that well you
should probably do the right thing and
show up
you see it's really awkward because like
i know both people involved in the
accident and so i don't want to deal
with all that you know oh i understand i
understand yeah cool anyway i should
probably get going now so so make sure
you get jeffy that pizza okay and if
anybody calls you pretending to be me
it's not me okay so i think somebody's
gonna try to steal my phone soon so just
ignore that okay all right i'll talk to
you later all right bye okay here's your
phone back stop chasing me all right
jeffy i talked to your dad and it turns
out that you were telling the truth so
come get a pizza yay i get pizza cody
did it oh
got me some good pizza junior yeah i
don't think i can eat another bite
cody where have you been what do you
mean where have i been i just ran five
miles both ways to get you your stupid
pizza i hope you enjoyed it oh yeah it
was really good
okay fine at least now i can get back to
picking the pepperoni off this pizza so
i can eat it
oh come on we get to go home
yay
all right class you can't take the pizza
with you home so whatever you didn't
finish in class you have to throw it
away oh come on
[Music]