hey daddy I'm going son throw my
boomerang no Jeff it's dark outside
what can't throw it inside the house no
do not throw it well don't worry
Danny it's supposed to come back Jeffy
boomerangs never work they never come
back
well what that I'm bored well then just
watch TV with me jumpy
hey you tired aware these clunky old
virtual reality headsets me too that's
why I switch to the virtual reality
sunglasses yeah now I can play video
games anytime anywhere and look cool
doing it no we're getting made fun of in
these babies can't check this out
now I'm in my living room now I'm in
space now I'm in my living room
now I'm in space and it has a camera on
the front so we can track your hand
motions you don't even need a controller
check this out I'm driving a car in
space yeah get your pair right now five
hundo cash only my garage this Tuesday
Oh daddy give me dad I want that Jimmy
that cost $500 I don't have $500 well
daddy I got popular dogs right here
Chevy where'd you get $500 the guy
across the street paid me $500 to eat
cheese and crackers from between his
toes he'll jump in you ate it like God
was starving daddy how much that was
just token on my mouth
Jeffy that's disgusting why would you do
that who's paid daddy it's me and whose
toes are clean his and whose belly's
full of cheese and crackers mine and who
doesn't have $500 you and who needs to
go gimme the VR headset you two run
along peasant okay fine that's so
disgusting jumpy all right Jesse here's
your $500 VR glasses thanks guy
I'm getting kind of hungry I'm gonna go
get me some more cheese and crack no
Jeff you just stay away from that guy
but daddy hey hey just play stupid game
look there oh this is a cool game daddy
go there's a cool car over there I'm
gonna go get
No all right Debbie will you keep
playing your game I'm gonna leave your
bath ready all right all right all right
Jeffy's bath is already let me go get
them all right Jeff your bath is ready
all right dang I'm just cruising down
the highway checking my text messages
 people need to get on my way
darling they're wrong John the road or
Jimmy's time for your bath look on all
right day all right Jeff be your bath is
ready so get in well Danny I'm already
under water
one thing about yeah Green Beach for
dinner Green Beach I play my game well
you can play your game out heat your
green beans but I don't like green beans
daddy well you're gonna eat them don't
you push me which I didn't push you it
might be your stupid game why did you
hit me daddy
I didn't hit you don't do anything
oh you like that game well how about my
rocket launcher you don't have a rocket
launcher smithereens day
well Jeffy I'm gonna take away your
stupid glasses as you learn to behave
all right daddy give me back my glasses
did you eat all your green beans yeah
you promised
yeah you pinky promise well all I got
four fingers which finger my mission I
think you're missing your middle finger
good cause if I had one I'd be giving it
you every single day Jimmy did you eat
your green meat or not I did I'm gonna
go check no didn't know I'm just gonna
play with these while he's gone Gucci
[Music]
give those glasses
father what the heck chubby you said you
ate your greens but you lied Oh daddy I
said I did know which of you cannot do
that you have to say not ripe for dead I
just said I did mmm
all right Debbie well you get your
glasses back after school okay go to bed
and do your glass back for school
tomorrow
oh I'm going to bed yeah I'm not going
to bed I have to hide these from Jeffy
and hurt him the dishwasher yeah he
wouldn't check in minute my daddy wants
to take my glasses for me
woman teach them a lesson oh my throat
plate oh my dad Polly put them in the
dishwasher to keep me from getting them
I'm gonna take these to school tomorrow
all right class today we're gonna be
running double balance dolls hey I owe
you
and sometimes why why sometimes why I
have no idea I don't think anybody know
why sometimes why but I have a song
they're gonna help you remember your
mouth he's called Old MacDonald Oh
macdonald had a farm e-i-e-i-o you and
sometimes why well I'm going here
yeah here one dealt one everywhere white
one Old MacDonald had a farm e-i-e-i-o
you and sometimes y-you gotta cross with
Jesse wait he's getting on top of your
desk I'm staying on top of them they
love it
whoa those the new virtual reality
sunglasses yep what game are you playing
Brad dad died oh and right now I'm
standing on top of a building
I'm about to jump off what do you have a
parachute nope do that all right class I
know what you're wondering if these
headers are vowels you know one of the
other letters called not vowels and I
also have a song to help you remember
these as well b c d e f g h j k l m n PQ
r st v w x and z and sometimes y
[Applause]
Jeffie are you okay jumpy no creamy in
craps you creep when you cream up quick
there is no room for cream in the class
you can cream outside the class but no
creamy in crack when you cream eye cream
we all cream on cream okay have a good
day crash go home see you tomorrow
hey daddy hey Jeffy how was school great
Jame what did the glass that Oh in the
dishwasher day which is really weird
because glossy's don't belong in this
washer I want to be called a glasses
washer Jeff dad took him away from you
and I was trying to hide them from you
stay right here hard I uh hello hey
there I heard that you bought some the
cops yeah yeah that that was kind of a
delayed reaction there I'm so sorry I
did that's fine I'll just start over
okay so the reason I'm here is because I
heard that you bought some virtual
reality sunglasses oh yeah I did I
bought it from some guy in his garage
right yeah those are illegal what
illegal but howdy Holloman well see he
stole those from the CIA they're the top
secret virtual reality training glasses
and he stoled them oh my son actually
bought them he gave me the money and I
went bought him how did your son get
$500 the guy across the street paid him
500 ollars Wow what did he do he wanted
him to eat cheese and crackers from
between his toes I'm sorry what from why
do you want to eat cheese and crackers
between his toes awful from between us
okay well I'm gonna have a word with
that guy after I leave here yeah because
I might want some cheese and crackers
and I need the money
what are I'm coming in remember remember
Jeffy the cops are here
no yeah Daniel driving II can't
he's driving a tank
yeah I can see that looks like he's
having fun so the gloves are really
illegal oh yeah I'm gonna need to leave
okay
he's driving a tank this is the guy that
sold to me he stole from the CIA oh yeah
yeah that's why you need him so then the
how do you make a commercial selling him
no see that's how we found him we saw
his commercial so we found out who he
was and we found them
Oh Jeffy you'd you have to get those
glasses back Jeffy did buy them for $500
so do you give him back the 500
no no that's evidence I need those well
he did spend $500 so he need his fire
dollars back well go talk to cheese and
cracker toes across the street I don't
care he'll give you more money well you
know what Jeffy did to get that money
yes exactly what I'm gonna do when I
leave here after he gives me those
glasses well I mean it would be fair if
Jeffy got a refund you no no no we'll
work that out later just give me the
glasses Jeffy give the closet back to
the cop I didn't have yes yes you do
have to you legally have to man yeah oh
okay I'm sure that'll hold up in court
Your Honor he pleads none yeah so I
guess he doesn't have to give them back
oh yeah okay that's fine just let him go
then or do Jeffy just give the glasses
back to the nice cop five hundred
dollars they're fine just give them back
to the dirty Pig oh hey I can hear you
you know oh just open the glasses No
okay if you don't give me back the
glasses I'm gonna tase you what you
don't have to tase on that that seems
like excessive force it's gonna work I
promise how about take my rocket
launcher all right give me those thank
you
now if you'll excuse me I have a date
with some toes I know you're sad the cop
had to take your glasses but I got you a
new gift you're dead
yeah I got you the new virtual reality
glasses that are not illegal daddy
you're so peepee yes I am Jeffy yes I am
Oh
boring Gd come back daddy
[Music]