oh man guys i love eating lunchables me
too look at these little wieners can you
imagine having a little wiener i sure
can't guys check out my pizzas that
looks disgusting joseph i'd rather have
a pizza than a wiener in my mouth have
you even had a wiener in your mouth no
and i don't plan on it guys i can't open
up my lunchable i'll get some scissors
chef baby can you bring me some scissors
what do you need scissors for you stupid
brat i can't open up my lunchable oh my
god you're so weak you're the weakest
kid i've ever met junior well then let
me see you open it i could open it
without scissors watch
just
get my fingers on it you said you could
open it i can open it okay just leave me
alone
i'm just just gonna bite it
you know what
there we go yeah i did it i did it i'm a
boss
you can't touch me
[Laughter]
all you did was open a lunchable what
the news
[Music]
breaking news
tom brady seven-time super bowl champion
is retiring from football sad day for
all of us what tom brady's retiring oh
no this can't be happy this is a bad
dream it's a bad
he can't retire
calm down chef pee pee he's just a
football player no he's not just a
football player he's god he's the ghost
well he played long enough chef pee pee
didn't play long enough he's supposed to
play these 90. my life's over
junior chef pee pee looks really upset
we should go check on him this is going
to be happening this could be happening
oh no guys he's eating white bread he
must be really sad
you want some bread you can eat all the
bridge you can have
you don't you don't play football
anymore so here get the bread he's a
bread tom oh he's yelling at the tomb
ready book oh come on chef pee pee the
cards this isn't part of the tb12 method
the tb12 method is dead cody
just like tom haha tom brady can come
back in a few years no he can't you saw
the news and then he saw the news yeah
he's not the news he's dead it's over
his competition
we should call a doctor
poor guy is he gonna be okay doctor well
we haven't been a straight jacket in a
padded room so he can't hurt himself
what's going on well it looks like he's
having some kind of mental breakdown do
you know what could have happened well
we were watching tv and then he found
out tom brady retired what tom brady
retired yeah no god no not tom he can't
retire he's not supposed to retire until
he was like 90. i know right oh god this
is the worst news ever i'd rather lose
my wife than top brady god no he's the
ghost
oh
god no please no
is chef pee pee going to be okay i don't
know guys i've never seen him this sad
before well tom brady was his idol dude
well it's not like we can do anything i
mean it's not like we can stop tom brady
from retiring that's it cody we have to
stop tom brady from retiring i just said
we can't do that sure we can okay how
we'll just pay him to keep playing oh
yeah he loves money dude guys tom brady
usually makes about 20 million dollars a
year well we'll just save up 20 million
dollars and give it to him how are we
going to save up 20 million dollars
we'll just wash cars and look in the
couch cushions i don't think you're
gonna have 20 million dollars in the
couch cushions and besides the problem
wasn't that they weren't paying him
enough the problem was that he just
didn't want to play anymore well if we
give him an offer he can't refuse he'll
keep playing what if we offer him one
billion dollars a billion dollars he'll
definitely play for like 10 years dude
well i don't doubt that but where are we
gonna get a billion dollars okay how
about we just empty our pockets add up
all our money and maybe see how much
money we have we're not going to have
anywhere near a billion dollars i don't
know cody we might surprise you i i'd
i'd be very surprised if we had a
billion dollars all right everyone up in
your pockets well would you look at that
cody what seven dollars and fifty cents
seven dollars is 75 cents oh wow if this
doesn't get them to keep playing i don't
know what will exactly i was being
sarcastic junior tom brady shits this no
he doesn't he eats nothing but avocados
he doesn't poop money no junior my point
is seven dollars is nothing to tom brady
well don't say that what if he's
bankrupt one day and he really needs his
money i think he's gonna be just fine
unless he's addicted to putting money in
a paper shredder well that's an even
better reason for me not to give him my
seven dollars okay fine well think of
another way to get him not to retire
oh i got it what if we kidnap tom brady
whoa no no hear me out we kidnap him and
we say we'll only let you go if you keep
playing well when we let him go to play
he's just gonna run away and never come
back no he'll run away under the
football field and get touchdowns and
then he'll never come back no we'll make
him pinky promise to not run away junior
these are terrible ideas come up with
another one that isn't illegal
okay
okay what if we call him and we ask him
nicely not to retire how are you gonna
get tom brady's number um we'll call his
agent how are you gonna get his agent's
number we'll call the agent's wife how
are you gonna get the agent's wife's
number
facebook well that might work okay all
right guys i'm calling her hello hey is
this tom brady's agent's wife uh yes it
is who is this let me talk to your
husband oh okay uh honey it's for you
who is it honey hello hey are you tom
brady's agent i sure am why are you
calling my wife well i want to offer tom
brady a billion dollar offer a billion
dollars okay i'll put tom on the call
hello oh we've got a billion dollar deal
for ya a billion dollars okay let's hear
it uh
hi tom hi i'm tom brady yeah you are um
i'm from billion dollar book publishing
millionaires inc incorporated oh yeah
i've heard of you guys oh well we want
to offer you
7.75 cents uh so far it'll be more later
uh to keep playing
hello
hello
the call dropped i think he hung up on
you when he heard how much you were
really gonna offer no
oh guys what are we gonna do i think we
just need to accept that tom brady's
done with football yeah i guess you're
right cody it was stupid to try to get
him to come back boy sports you gotta
come quick it's not looking good what
what's wrong doctor well uh i don't know
how to say this but your friend here is
um dying dying you're not chef pee pee
who's gonna cook for us why is he dying
well i don't really know he's just
completely lost the will to live it's
called broken heart syndrome but what
can we do to help him well maybe if tom
brady decided not to retire i mean i
tried telling him that he could still
watch aaron rodgers play but then he
just woke up for a brief second to say
i'd rather die and then he went back
into his coma oh
pee pee we're here for you guys we have
to stop tom brady from retiring good
luck with that that's impossible
nothing's impossible for a possible
what it's from kim possible oh i'm not
familiar with the show come on guys guys
chef peepee's dying but guys there's
nothing else we can do i'm surprised we
even managed to get on the phone with
tom brady but i don't want chef pee pee
to die there has to be something we can
do that makes tom brady not retire
i just thought of something so crazy it
just might work what dude oh god what is
it we break into tom brady's house no
you didn't let me finish we break into
tom brady's house we steal one of his
super bowl rings and then when he
noticed the ring's missing he's like i
gotta go win another one to replace it
and he goes and wins another super bowl
no i'll tell you what he's gonna do he's
gonna call the police and then we're
gonna go to jail and he's still not
gonna be playing football well no he's
not gonna be happy knowing he's missing
a ring so he's like i gotta go play one
more season to win a ring but winning
another ring isn't going to replace the
ring we stole okay fine we'll steal the
ring and then we'll send him a ransom
note saying you only get this ring back
if you go back and win the super bowl
okay let me see if i have this right
we're gonna break into tom brady's house
which is burglary we're gonna steal one
of his super bowl rings which is theft
and then we're gonna send him a ransom
note which is extortion i think and then
even after all of that he has to play a
full season of football and win a super
bowl exactly it's going to work it's
going to bring chef pee pee back to life
everyone's going to be happy and then
tom brady's going to have eight rings
and he's going to be the super goat
wouldn't be so crazy it might work
no it's not gonna work and we're gonna
go to jail no some guy stole his jersey
after he won a super bowl and that guy
didn't go to jail wait really yeah tom
brady doesn't press charges huh well he
might be onto something all right let's
go break into tom brady's house and
steal multiple super bowl rings because
the more we steal the more seasons he'll
play to win those rings back let's do it
dude all right guys we're at tom brady's
house how are we going to break in
junior i don't know let's see if the
door's unlocked
oh wow he leaves the door unlocked rich
people don't care huh let's go let's go
all right guys let's check the kitchen
they're not going to be in the kitchen
junior you never know huh
no not here
oh god i found three of them he keeps
his super bowl rings next to the forks i
put them by the bowls personally come on
let me grab them let me grab these
all right guys we got him that was
incredibly easy i told you cody now all
we have to do is write a ransom note to
tom brady saying if you ever want to see
your super bowl rings again you have to
keep playing okay write it with me i
don't want them tracing my handwriting
back to me cody they can't trace your
handwriting yes they can then write it
with your left hand
oh okay fine what do you want it to say
say uh tom brady if you ever want to see
your super bowl rings again you have to
keep playing
all right come on hurry okay junior
how's that oh my god cody it's perfect
why so sloppy dude i wrote it with my
left hand i think it's perfect cody okay
great so how do we get the letter to him
um we break back into his house and we
leave the letter oh come on why didn't
we just leave it when we were there
before we didn't have any paper cody
come on grab it
okay we left the note let's get out of
here should i lock the door what no it
was unlocked when we got here that'll be
suspicious come on yeah do think all
right guys the mission is complete well
now we just have to wait for tom brady
to notice and then he'll call the cops
there's the news
breaking news okay three of tom brady's
super bowl rings have been stolen and
there's a ransom note that was left at
the scene and the police are
investigating now oh no we're gonna go
to jail i'll never see my family again
i'll never get into college and my whole
life is ow shut up cody we wanted this
to happen it's part of the plan and plus
they don't even know it's us
i think they know what's us dude let me
do the talking hello hey kid oh the cops
what are you doing here well tom brady's
super bowl rings get stolen
yeah it's crazy right and whoever did it
left behind this note that says that he
has to play football again if he ever
wants him back and your friend is in the
hospital because he retired so that
makes you suspect number one well i
didn't do it all right i'll see about
that
come on just let me do it no dude that's
gross guys the cops are here wait
there's the ring you didn't hide the
rings no cody wanted me to hide him up
his butt i could have fit all three in
there hell i could have done all seven
you told me you didn't have the rings
look we we just took the ring so we
don't want tom brady to retire because
chef peepee's dying all right well you
guys are lucky that tom brady doesn't
press charges you all be in big trouble
i'm just going to take these back to him
i'm sorry
i'm so sorry chef pee pee we tried so
hard to get tom ready not to retire and
now you're gonna die
hey everybody there's a guest here who
wants to talk to you who hey i'm tom
brady tom brady what are you doing here
well i heard what you did for your
friend you know stealing my super bowl
rings and i thought that was just the
nicest gosh darn thing anyone's ever
done so i came to talk to your friend
please talk to him maybe you'll bring
him back to life okay what's his name um
chef pee pee hey there mr pee pee
huh
it's
tom brady
yep that's me seven times super bowl
winner tom brady wait what are you doing
here tom well i just want to let you
know that just because i'm retiring
doesn't mean i'm retiring from your
heart and all the good memories i made
for you you're right tom just because
you're retiring doesn't mean you're dead
that's right now pluck her up wait wait
there you go oh my god i just got kissed
by tom brady i feel like his son can i
have a taste oh sure
[Music]