[Music]
oh Jasper get in here yes ma'am have you
found me another dalmation puppy to kill
yet and use it fur for me knickknacks no
ma'am but don't you think you've killed
enough Dalmations I mean you've
literally killed a 100 and I need to
kill one more the movie is called 101
Dalmations I mean yeah I got it but like
I don't think anyone would know that you
haven't killed 101 Dalmations I mean
this is a lot of fur if the police ever
came here and found out that you killed
a 100 dation puppies you would be facing
100 counts of animal abuse you would
make Michael Vic look innocent and
you've helped me do it didn't you well
yeah but money will make you do some
crazy things look are you going to help
me get the last Dalmation or not I
really don't want to I mean screw it
what's one more at this point right now
go get me last Dalmation go quick what
are you in that much of a hurry to kill
one more Dalmation puppy Go Now Jasper
all right I mean you're sick in the head
you know that right get out of here I
mean you seriously need some counseling
Jasper go hey Daddy what what was that
about George Bush made me do it Jeffy go
throw your paper airplane somewhere else
okay this chicken alfredo busting oo but
wait right here chicken alfredo cuz you
know me Chef peipi got to take out his
pee to go peee you know what I'm talking
about don't move don't move at all baby
oh sorry chicken alfredo I was playing
with a little bit you know jiggling and
stuff oh my God the fire somebody call
the fire department it's on fire relax
everybody the fire department is
here there you go I put out the fire no
no down down down boy down down well I
didn't mean stop I I actually just meant
lower uh does anybody have a jar of
peanut butter I'm about to act up wait
what's going on in here I put out the
fire in your kitchen why was there a
fire in the kitchen I I don't know
either I was cooking chicken alfredo
then I had to go to the bathroom and
play with myself a little bit then came
back in here and my chicken Alfredo's on
fire well there is a piece of paper in
the pan oh no Jeffy wait what the hell
Jeffy do he was playing with a paper
airplane I think he threw it in the pan
oh damn it Jeffy well that means I'm
going to have to give you a Stern
talking to no no fires in the house
that's right boy who's that oh this is
poo the firefighting dation we dressed
him up like a firefighter isn't that
cute don't you just love putting animals
in people clothes I mean hates it but I
think it's adorable and the [ __ ] love
it they're like oh what's his name and
I'm like oh what's your phone number
maybe I can bring him by your house
later and do some other things why' you
hire a Dalmatian for the fire department
well Dalmations have been going
endangered lately for some reason lot of
kidnappings of dalmations so we figured
if we give them a job I can keep an eye
on him although a firefighter is a
pretty dangerous job he's going through
your pantry right
now yeah I think he's looking for some
chocolate he just wants to end it oh
good boy poo where was that bathroom you
were talking about what never mind we're
going to go do it in the truck where am
I going to find a dation at this time of
night okay poo no biting this time let
me just get the lid off this jar ooh
Excuse me yes is that a Dal yep it is
can I take your Dalmation for a walk no
the [ __ ] get out of here you weirdo well
I I've always wanted a Dalmation and
I've never seen one before well there
you go now you've seen one now get out
of here look I really need to take that
Dalmation for a walk look the only way
seeing me or my Dalmation as if there's
a fire wait so you're saying if I go and
start a fire that you and that Dalmation
will show up yeah with half a jar of
peanut butter but that's a whole jar of
peanut butter exactly I got
it oh man I really hope this
works hello uh good afternoon sir I was
just wondering if I could come inside
and cook dinner in your kitchen the [ __ ]
no what's going on hey this weirdo wants
to come inside and cook dinner in our
house I told him no so handle it I got
to go take a wicked dookie I'm so sorry
what was it that you wanted um I was
just wondering if I could come and oh my
God I love your accent where are you
from the UK oh well I've always wanted
to be with a European man you can come
inside the house and do whatever you
want but is it your husband in the
bathroom oh well he takes a long number
two so I will be in the bedroom I'm
getting ready all
right all right let's get this party
started hey what are you doing I'm
starting to fire in your kitchen little
girl why are you doing that because I
have to steal a Dalmation that doesn't
make any sense you might want to step
back oh no fire someone come help hey
there somebody called the fire
department this better be an emergency
oh no fire
get over here wa hey get back here with
sucko I I mean poo Swiper no swiping
Swiper no swiping Swiper no swiping oh
man come here poo why you trying to
steal my Dalmation because I work for
Cruella Deville well a girl who thinks
she's cville and she's killed a 100
Dalmations and she wants to kill one
more well Jesus that sounds like a job
for WI a cup well you're not going to
steal my Dalmation oh yeah we'll see
about that well I'd like to see you try
again
come on poo there's some sick people in
this world well I got to clean off my
uniform first Marvin you're never going
to believe what happened somebody tried
to kidnpped my Dalmatian wait like the
movie 101 Dalmations yeah exactly like
that somebody think she's crella Deville
and she's already killed 100 Dalmations
and now she's trying to kill my
Dalmation oh no well why don't you dress
up like a cop and arrest her oh good
idea Marvin I should get a different
Dalmation to give her so she kills that
one instead of my Dalmation Marvin
that's a horrible idea that's not what I
said I said why don't you go arrest for
killing Dalmations Marvin you sick
bastard I'm not going to breed
Dalmations and start a puppy mail of
dalmations just to give her to keep
killing them over and over again that's
terrible Marvin how could you think of
something so awful that's not what I
said I
said why don't you slowly torture all
the Dalmations well Marvin I can't just
dress up like a cop and arrest her I
don't have any proof anybody could have
killed all those Dalmations but if I
give her a dalmi to kill in front of me
then I could arrest her for killing a
Dalmation well why don't you just give
her your Dalmation I can't give her mine
mine is specially trained to do
firefighter things there I there's no
way I could train another dog to do that
and enjoy it okay well how are you going
to find another Dalmation well on
Craigslist of course look at here
dalmati for sale only 35 bucks that's
not a Dalmatian that looks like an angry
dog I know but we could just paint
dalmatian spots on it and nobody would
know the difference okay go get it I
guess well I was kind of hoping you guys
would go get it why us well because I
have kind of a reputation about dogs and
peanut butter so nobody's going to sell
me a dog but they'll definitely sell one
to a happy couple like you two okay
what's really going on I don't want to
play two characters in the next okay
just go okay well can you give us the
$35 um uh uh yeah yeah okay here's 40
but bring me back the change I can't
keep the $5 for gas money since I'm
driving to get this dog no no no no no
no no no no all right baby this is the
house hello welcome to Craig's house oh
hi Craig we saw your dog on Craig's List
yes isn't it hilarious my name is Craig
and I posted on Craig's
List
oh I get it he is okay so can we get the
dog yes come on in he's locked in the
room okay he's in
here there he is there's Mr Cuddles you
can pet him if you want to does he bite
it yeah uh does he break the skin oh
yeah does he latch on and doesn't let go
oh yeah he did that to my dad did it
hurt him oh yeah wait does he have rabes
oh yeah yeah rieses yeah but he is pure
bread okay uh baby give him the money
okay here you go do you have change for
40 no there you go Mr
C let go let go Mr Cuddles
nobody God they it
stop oh my God I got the stupid dog you
wanted and look his tooth came off into
my leg oh no where's the $5 he didn't
give us change you're going to ruin a
friendship over five bucks well just so
you know I'm starting to tab on you you
owe me
$5 get him up get him Marvin quit
playing around with the dog we got to
make him look like a Dalmation I'll go
get the
Stu now does that look like a Dalmation
or what wait how did you get it to calm
down easy I just hit it with the old
horse tranquilizer it should be out for
about 15 minutes why didn't you give him
a tranquilizer before he bit me well I
wasn't there was I no I wasn't but I
called the guy who wants to steal my
Dalmation so I can give him this one
instead hello did someone call me me
yeah so since you want to steal my
Dalmation I bought you a different one
so here you go kill this one oh wow
thank you you made my job a lot easier
yeah just take this one back to your
boss and hope she doesn't want to do the
sequel 102 Dalmations yeah let's hope
not but knowing that crazy [ __ ] she
probably will well since this was a
successful day I'm going to go get some
peanut butter and give poo here a peanut
butter corn dog all right ma'am he's
your 101th Dalmation what the bloody
hell is that a Dalmation you [ __ ]
wanker that ain't a Dalmation it's a
little Martin costume in it well it look
like a dation to me with the spots and
whatnot you're fire get out of here no I
don't care I already got paid God if you
want done right you got to do it
yourself what you doing oh you're an
ugly old thing aren't
[Music]
you oh hi I didn't see you there I'm poy
from SML I do the voice of Cody and
Brooklyn guy and a whole bunch of other
people did you know we're selling Jeffy
pianos right now on
smlmerch.com yeah that's right they make
Jeffy noises whenever you press the keys
listen to that it's [ __ ] crazy right
well if you want one you better grab one
now because on July 31st they disappear
forever gone bye-bye no more buying them
so you better get one now just just
thought you should know that so you can
do this listen that listen to that Jeffy
[Music]