so guys today we're going to fly this
kite oh dude that's going to be so fun
Junior why would we fly a kite uh cuz
that's what they're built to do fly duh
have you never flew a kite before yeah
yeah hey Joseph Joseph why is that
airplane in the sky I don't know dude I
know it's like it was meant to fly or
something I mean I guess a kite could
have other purposes I mean I guess you
could use as toilet paper but that'd be
uncomfortable no no Junior I mean it's
storming outside so why would we fly a
kite is it against the rules to fly a
kite during the storm no it's just a bad
idea well why there's so much wind
during a storm I think it would be a
good idea to fly a kite during wind yeah
you know I think kites only work with
wind Cody Cody you're so dumb what you
know what else there is in a storm what
lightning I know I know that's why I put
a key right here so we can discover
electricity it's already been discovered
duh I know that Cody I'm not stupid how
do you think there's lights on in the
house I know there's electricity I just
want to discover it again what if it's
already been discovered why would you
try to discover it again because the
first caveman that made a fire does that
mean that we can't make any more fires
what yeah oh you're stupid so let's go
fly this kite outside idea all right
guys are you ready to fly this kite dude
it's going to go so high yeah it's going
to go over the trees like this is a bad
idea guys no it's not we're going to get
struck by lightning because you taped a
key to the top of the kite we're going
to discover electricity like Benjamin
Button you mean Benjamin Franklin who
already discovered it Benjamin Franklin
discovered the $100 bill that's why he's
on it duh dude it's so hard to fine yeah
all right guys so on the count of three
we're going to release the kite in the
air okay okay 3 2 1
oh guys what happen I get struck by
lightning you idiot I'm in so much pain
oh it
hurts guys let's go back to my house
okay we can make
it Cody I don't feel good yeah of course
not cuz we got struck by lightning cuz
you're an idiot and wanted to fly a kite
during a thunder STM why didn't you try
to talk me out of it I did oh are we
going to die I don't think so we're
pretty lucky actually only 1 out of 1.2
million people get struck by lightning
and 6,000 of those die so what you're
saying is we should buy lottery tickets
cuz we're so lucky yeah maybe oh dude I
don't feel too good me either yeah I
feel really thirsty I wish I had a
bottle of
water Cody what am I a bottle of water
yeah you're a bottle of water dude
that's crazy well how's that even
possible I don't know I was just
thinking about a bottle of water and I
turned into a bottle of water
what uh Joseph what dude do do you think
when we got struck by lightning it gave
Cody superpowers no way that' be crazy
dude that' be insane well maybe yeah I
guess it's possible oh my God so so like
can you like morph anything I don't know
maybe just a bottle of water that would
suck oh you should try to morph into
something else like uh you should morph
into a computer mouse okay let me try it
hey guys I'm a computer mouse Cody's a
computer mouse wao dude that's crazy you
really can morph into anything yeah I
guess so but can you turn back into your
shelf though yeah oh I hope so I don't
want to be a computer mouse forever here
we go okay guys do I look like me oh no
Joseph he's uglier than usual oh man I
didn't think it was possible guys do I
look like me or not I don't know have
you always had like 30 pimples on your
face what guys and have you always had
four eyes what okay instead of making
fun of me this is serious I have
superpowers well how come we all don't
have superpowers we all got struck by
lightning yeah well maybe you do just
try something okay Joseph what kind of
powers do you think we have I don't know
but I got to pee
dude what dude Joseph did you just go
pee yeah yeah wait he ran like super
fast yeah I did Joseph I think you have
super speed wait what are you talking
about dude you ran like really fast wait
wait you think I have super speed yeah
yeah yeah run around the house real
quick and see how long it takes you
okay waa dude I ran really fast I guess
I do have super speed yeah you do you
ran around the house like really fast
you see that Cody what what Cody why are
you a tape dispenser because because I'm
just sticking
around what that's
dumb I guess my jokes just aren't
sticking you can morph into anything you
can't morph into a good comedian yeah
dude tell a better joke yeah why don't
you morph into a book of jokes and then
read yourself yeah I guess okay okay so
you can morph into anything and Joseph
super speed hey hey Joseph can you give
me a Hawaiian PCH downstairs uh yeah
sure dude here you go my bad for taking
so long I had to go down the stairs and
then open the refrigerator it's okay
Joseph I mean it was pretty quick okay
so you can morph it anything and Joseph
has super speed so what do I have maybe
you have super strength super strength
that'd be really cool oh Cody can you
morph into something heavy to see if I
have super strength okay okay Junior I
morphed into a cannon ball these are
heavy they're like 1,000 lb hey Cody if
you're going to morph into something
heavy why didn't you morph into your mom
yeah dude she's huge yeah she's really
fat okay all right Junior I morphed into
my mom now you're going to call her fat
to her face hey look Joseph Cody turned
into a big fat
whale all right guys if I can lift up
Cody's big fat whale mom then I
definitely have super strength okay okay
do okay she weighs like 20
tons dude gross did you just fight I'm
sorry guys it just slipped out wait wait
is that your superpower to fart really
hard no it just slipped out cuz Chef
peipi made beans last night that's gross
Junior shut up I'm trying to lift you up
again disgusting dude I can't help it it
just keeps flipping out I think that's
your superpower no it's not my
superpower farting is not my power yeah
your superpow is farting dude my
superpower is super speed so you know
I'm good at tag tag your it well tag
your it ow ow dude what what happened I
felt like you shocked me or something
wait really Cody does this hurt ow yeah
yeah it's like a little static shock
like a shock yeah ow stop it stop stop
doing that wait a minute so my
superpowers is that I can shot people
and I can fart really loud and and it
smells bad right yeah and you can morph
in anything yeah and you have super
speed oh yeah we could be superheroes I
guess oh my stomach's rumbling hey Cody
can you like like Morphin do a sandwich
or something okay all right Junior I'm a
roast beef sandwich E I don't want to
eat a roast beef sandwich oh come on I'm
delicious but like if I eat you will you
die oh oh I hadn't really thought about
that and if I take a bye to you like
what part of your body goes
missing oh but yeah I don't think I want
to try that oh guys I got an idea why
don't we prank shf peipi and put Cody on
the kitchen counter and then shf peipi
might think he's a real sandwich oh dude
that's going to be hilarious yeah let's
do it all right let's do that Chef pee's
cooking again in might make you fart so
take L of tips oh baby baby oo I think I
need salt and pepper now wait how you
doing little roast beef sandwich you
look
good who left you in here you look
better than what I'm cooking right now
do you mind if I uh take a little bite
out of
you oh
yeah hey Chef what the oh my God what's
wrong with you ha Chef thought you were
a sandwich yeah I even got a little
tongue action if that's how he treats a
roast beef sandwich maybe I should turn
into a whole Arby's I do have the meats
all right guys we were blessed with
superpowers so we should use them for
good screw that I just made out with
Chef peee as a sandwich imagine what I
could do with other Foods oh man I could
even turn into a truck stop toilet seat
imagine the
possibilities e dude that's gross yeah
that's disgusting Cody maybe for you
well I mean if anybody's going to use
their powers for bad Joseph go rob a gas
station and nobody would even see him
wait I can do that I mean I wouldn't do
it uh dude I'll be right back oh dude
look at all this cash I got wait you
just Rob the gas station for all its
money hey I didn't take all of the money
I only took the big bills they're not
going to miss those well since you guys
are going to use your powers for bad I'm
going to use mine for good Junior how
are you going to help people by farting
and zapping yeah those are the worst
Powers dude well they're not bad Powers
yeah they're pretty lame Powers Junior
they're not lame wa Junior calm down
you're not you and you're hungry what I
said you're not you and you're hungry
I'm a Snickers Junior get it wait they
they make blue Snickers yeah I'm Crispy
well well you know what I'm going to
show you guys that my Powers aren't lame
and I can actually help somebody with
them I want to throw up oh my God I
can't believe I made out with Cody
what's wrong Chef oh thank God you're
here junior don't tell anybody but I
made out with your weird friend Cody oh
you made out with Cody why would you do
that look I was trying to eat a roast
beef sandwich and then he disappeared I
don't know what's going on but I want to
throw a
you want to throw up I think I can help
with
that oh
God yay he threw
up I helped chy
me all right guys I did something good I
may shipi throw up how is that good well
he wanted to throw up cuz he made out
with Cody I'm a ping pong paddle yeah
he's a ping pong paddle dude well if
you're a ping pong paddle what part are
you as the ball why don't you grab onto
it while I turn back to normal and find
out no thanks I'm going to go to Mexico
man there's a lot of mge there wait is
it hot there yeah they got some good
quesadillas too but yeah it is hot I
want to turn into a ping pong paddle and
go to Mexico sorry Junior your powers
are just lame yeah they suck dude well
my my my Powers might be lame but I'm
cool like I'm cool as a person right oh
you're cool huh ooh it's me Junior I'm
so cool but Cody you can't be me I'm me
no no it's me Junior and I love the
movie Big Hero 6 but I would never say
that you take that back yeah and the sun
is actually a star not a planet I would
never say that yeah and Cody's mom's
actually really skinny she's not fat at
all that's a lie which one's the real
one which one's the real one but Joseph
you can't be serious I'm the real Junior
no I'm the real Junior Joseph don't you
remember that time when we did that one
thing oh yeah dude I do remember you're
the real one well no no Joseph I'm the
real one look he has glasses on well
didn't you have glasses before no I'm
the real Junior look ow dude that hurt
yeah you're the real one dude that hurt
yeah I have the shocky Powers he doesn't
have shocky Powers oh well it was fun
while it lasted yeah you just stay you
Cody okay unless you want to turn into
the peipe and screw with my Dad yeah
that be really funny okay turn into shf
peipe and go screw with my dad okay wa
you're Chef peipi hey there Junior oo
I'm fine now go screw with my dad okay
oh man I can't wait to watch TV hey
Junior's dad wa sh what are you doing in
my room go in the kitchen and cook
something mind if I hop in bed with you
hop in bed with me yeah any other day I
would say no but those glasses look
banging on you so pop a squat all right
so what are you watching uh Charlie and
friends it's a pretty good
show you like it
yeah like I like you I like you
too so Joseph do you think Cody's
pranking my dad oh yeah he's getting
your dad real good dude oh man your dad
so Cody did you prank my dad you you
said screw with your dad yeah like like
you pranked him like you screwed with
him oh I I didn't prank him what so then
what' you do with him we uh we wrestled
you beat up my dad oh no dude he beat up
your dad wow you think just because you
have superpowers you go beat up people's
dads no no I didn't beat him up wow you
beat him up well what if I beat you up
well you wouldn't hit a washing machine
would you wait what I'm a washing
machine Junior so if you try to hit me
you're going to hurt your hand and I'm
on the rinse cycle dork well just
because you have really cool Powers
doesn't mean you can beat up my dad yeah
well maybe your superpowers shouldn't be
so crappy my Powers aren't crappy they
are pretty crappy dude junior is crappy
superpowers and I'm a washing machine
Junior has crappy Powers Junior has
crappy Powers
crappy that's new yeah I can shoot
lightning out of my body which means I'm
going to electrocute you Cody Oh no
you're not I'm a balloon Junior so you
can't sha me how is that going to stop
me cuz I'm made out of rubber and I
don't conduct electricity we'll see
about
that I'm so sorry Joseph you made me
shock Joseph I'm going to pop you no
you're not oh hold
on I got a needle oh come on you don't
know how to do
that ow and now that you're laying there
all hurt Cody I'm going to electrocute
[Music]
you Cody I'm going to electrocute you
again didn't work I'm going to turn into
a hunky
dude guess I already am do we lose our
power way Joseph try to run around okay
dude what that sucks yeah dude we lost
our powers whose fault is that yours for
beating up my dad well it's your fault
for electrocuting me for beating up your
dad well you shouldn't have beat up my
dad in the first place yeah well your
powers were sucky anyway that's it just
I did have sucky
power the dinner is almost
ready hey peep or should I call you Cody
cuz that's what you wanted me to call
you right what oh yeah should I call you
juicy fruit cuz it was great but it
didn't last long what are you talking
about look if you're ready for round two
you know where to find
me I'm not even going to ask I'm not
even going to ask
[Music]