Mary had a little o little o little O
Mary had a
little Jeffy stop playing your stupid
dumb Jeffy piano Dam you're just mad
that you didn't get your Jeffy piano
before they sold out on SML merch.com
Link in the description Marvin look the
news breaking news okay there's a super
full moon out tonight so you can super
see the full moon and I don't mean the
homeless man showing his ass on the
street oh dadd question what is the moon
made out of cheese no Jeffy the moon's
not made out of cheese well our bank
accounts are going to be made out of
cheese once we sell all these Jeffy
pianos on smml merch.com link in the
description Marvin how do you know the
moon's not made out of cheese because it
wouldn't make sense for the moon to be
made out of cheese why would there be a
big sphere of cheese in space well it's
cold in space so it would keep the
cheese fresh yeah I want the moon to be
made out of cheese because we're all
crackers Jeffy don't say that what
crackers that's a bad word how I get a
bad word I I can't really explain it
Jeffy but it's a bad word and listen the
Moon is not made out of cheese because
when the astronauts landed on it they
would have told everyone it was made out
of cheese well maybe they're just
keeping all the cheese for themselves
maybe they're selling it that's why
there's so many craters in the moon
because you're packaging it up and
shelling it yeah Marvin you've never
been to the moon so how would you know I
have an astronaut friend that I can call
over and he'll tell you it's not made
out of cheese well fine call him yeah
call him daddy I want to know if there's
moon cheese like ball cheese in space
because I got ball cheese in my pants I
want to scratch it and I want to sniff
it it's
pungent smell I'm not smelling your ball
ball hands ball hey there somebody call
an astronaut yeah we did wait what is
that oh this is just some regular rolled
cheese and crackers ooh can I have some
no no this is a very rare cheese just
for astronauts I'm not allowed to share
stingy so why'd you guys call me my son
wants to know if the moon's made out of
cheese what what no mo moon made of
cheese now what are you crazy who told
you that I was she wondering well don't
wonder because it's not made of cheese
and this is not moon cheese this is
Earth cheese from Earth this is just
regular old mozarella I mean mozzarella
Earth mozzarella see baby the moon's not
made out of cheese I don't know Marvin
he's acting awfully strange no I'm not
you're acting like a [ __ ] hey well even
if the moon was made out of cheese there
wouldn't be enough for everybody just
astronauts the Moon is so big if it was
made out of cheese it would take
hundreds of thousands of years to eat
the whole Moon Yeah well maybe you don't
understand how delicious the moon would
be or how much you wouldn't want to stop
eating the moon if it were made of
cheese which it is not I think the
moon's made out of cheese Marvin is the
moon out of cheese
no why's everybody staring at me okay
fine yes the moon is made of cheese what
it is yes of course it is and it's
[ __ ] delicious Marvin this cheese
cures cancer it cures cancer yes it's
Miracle cheese presidents eat this [ __ ]
you know the craters on the moon they
weren't there before we mined it out so
we could eat all the cheese the Dark
Side of the Moon is only dark because we
ate it all we ate half the moon Marvin
the the Challenger it exploded on its
way up to the Moon to get cheese and the
Colombia exploded on the way back
because it was carrying too much cheese
You Marvin Marvin the International
Space Station those [ __ ] just sit up
there and eat cheese all day they have
the that's life well can we have some of
the cheese no no this is the last piece
of moon cheese left on Earth I can't
share
it it's so [ __ ] good it's just so
good smell that [ __ ] morvin oh no now
you're going to want moon cheese you
smell it now you want moon cheese
everybody wants moon cheese cuz it's so
[ __ ] good well is there any way you
can get more well the only way we could
possibly get more is if we shoot a nuke
at the moon and some pieces break off
and miraculously land in your backyard
hard can you do that yeah sure I'll be
right back all right Lieutenant Simmons
you sit right there and make sure those
nukes are armed and ready to go in case
War breaks out we'll teach those other
countries not to [ __ ] with America yeah
America yeah that's right you mess with
us you get turned into a parking lot and
remember if you have to pee don't
because if anybody gets their hands on
that laptop they can nuke anywhere in
the whole damn solar system all right
Captain stupid the laser pointer gets
from every time okay now just to launch
a nuke at the
Moon God damn it Lieutenant Simmons what
the [ __ ] are you doing you just nuked
the moon oh I'm sorry sir there was a
laser pointer so I had to leave the
laptop I just told you not to do that
God damn it Simmons you do that again
I'll have to WR you up yes sir okay I
did did it I nuked the moon so now any
minute pieces of moon cheese to start
falling into your yard but let's check
the news just to make sure it
worked breaking news UK you better watch
out you better not cry NASA shot a nuke
at the moon and I'll tell you why
actually I don't know why but they
[ __ ] did it now there's pieces of the
Moon falling to Earth so don't get hit
by it yeah it worked yeah yeah I say I
say I say [ __ ] yeah Marvin come on let's
go to your yard and get some cheese all
right where's this Moon at it should be
falling through the atmosphere at any
second go heads up heads up heads up
heads up I said heads up oh God my face
hurts so bad Marvin look at this big ass
block of moon cheese we could get
millions for this or we could just keep
it for ourselves come on Marvin help me
bring it inside my face hurts oh my I
think I have a concussion oh my God
Marvin look at that cheese what about my
face oh my God Marvin what happened to
your face he got hit in the face with a
moon cheese meteor I can't wait to try
this cheese careful Marvin once you've
had a taste you can't go back you're
going to crave it for the rest of your
life and besides we could get billions
of dollars for this cheese I say we cut
out two little pieces and we give one to
McDonald's and one to Burger King and
then we sell the rest to the highest
bidder we could make millions of dollars
if they put it on their burgers yeah
okay I'm going to cut off some pieces
okay I cut off two pieces and sent them
off so now we just have to sit back and
wait for the offers so can we have some
while we wait no no I can though because
I'm already addicted I I wouldn't want
you guys to ruin your lives
too Steve baby why' you call me here
Steve you know I was at the strip club
with Delila and she's my favorite
Delilah's a stripper Ronald and she got
tickle biles too Steve and she's a nice
lady unlike your ex wife that stupid
[ __ ] that's why you finally manned up
and left her ass throw her ass on the
street Steve I didn't leave her Ronald
she died okay so she left you I don't
know why you keep bringing her up Steve
it's like you're not over I gave you the
day off that she died was that not good
enough well Ronald the reason I you're
really painting me out to be an
inconsiderate [ __ ] here Steve well
I'm sorry what you want me to suck you
off no would that make you feel better
steeve no it wouldn't okay I'm getting
on my knees now no no no pull your P
down Ste I'm going to do whip it out
steeve I'm right here Steve am I the
boss here or are you you are the boss R
then why am I trying to suck you off
Steve I don't know
exactly so now that we've talked about
everything we need to talk about can I
go no Ronald the reason I called you is
because something came for you in the
mail today these nuts got them Steve no
Ronald it was this what's that it's a
piece of moon cheese apparently the
moon's made of cheese are you trying to
get me to eat cheese off your ass de no
Ronald this cheese came from the Moon
that Moon yes and apparently it's quite
delicious okay I'll be the judge of that
steam oh Ronald are you okay having a
seasure what's wrong oh I just cheesed
my pants
steeve do I
oh Steve I need this cheese for my
Burgers it'll make me billions billions
Steve billions it's going to make me
billions Steve billions it's going to
make me
billions yeah it's going to be a lot of
money Ronald so Steve imagine this the
moon cheese Mac meal or the moon Mac
meal wait better yet the new Armstrong
moonm meal call him up Steve he's dead
Ronald okay even better the the big moon
cheese zombie Neil Mac
meal so where do we get more of this
Steve well from the Moon Ronald okay buy
the moon you can't buy the moon Ronald
it's not for
sale okay steal it then like the minions
did Despicable meal we did some meals
with then they they owe us well that was
a cartoon
Ronald okay ask him anyway well there is
somebody selling a block of moon cheese
we could just buy from them write him a
check Steve but they also offered it to
Burger
King then what I swear Steve if you let
Burger King buy this and put this
delicious delectable moon cheese on the
shittiest food every time I go to take a
piss going to use your mouth as my
personal urinal and I might enjoy it
well Ronald all you have to do is out B
Burger King well that shouldn't be too
hard they ain't wor [ __ ] they're broke
so Steve give me the address for this
moon cheese so I can go negotiate
okay Marvin that might be one of the
offers you go get the door and I'll
protect the cheese
back off hello hello good sir it is I
the Burger King I hold in my hand a
Whopper adorned with your wonderful moon
cheese I believe peasants will enjoy the
taste of this sandwich especially
because the cheese masks the flavor of
my disgusting Burgers now I haven't much
to offer you but I can assure you that
this will finally make my Burgers edible
so what say you good sir do we have a
deal
die Burger King die you stupid bastard
Ral you'll never get away with this oh
har did now where chees What mo what be
what move out of my
way give me that moon cheese hey hey
you're supposed to pay for that [ __ ]
Marvin Ronald McDonald just broke in
here and stole our moon cheese I know he
just killed the Burger King man we were
supposed to make money off of that I
didn't even get a bite I nuked the moon
for this now the tides are going to be
all [ __ ] up Marvin look the
news breaking news a cargo plane
accidentally dumped it slow to Swiss
cheese so if some landed in your
backyard yummy so that was just regular
old Swiss huh well that's [ __ ] skibby
toilet
[Music]