hey everyone it's Logan and today I'm
going to be testing the durability of an
iPad 2 I just got the iPad Air so I want
to put my old iPad in the microwave
we're going to see what happens when you
put an iPad in the microwave um I've
heard that it could explode you know
some things could happen to it so uh
let's see what happens when we put this
iPad in the microwave all right let me
just right
here hope it doesn't catch on fire
okay
okay oh oh okay I thought it was going
to be hot all
right all right seems to seems to still
be good it's you know it doesn't have
any burn
[Applause]
marks and it actually still works it
actually this my iPad still actually
works after being put in the microwave
wow nothing nothing happens so the
rumors are that the rumors are not true
it will not catch on fire it won't blow
up um the iPad works 100% after being
put in the microwave so that's another
durability test of an Apple product