all right CR welcome to the second day
of school it's technically the first day
of school because you didn't go to
school on Monday because the bus got
stolen and then exploded so I'm sure you
are all traumatized from that so today
is going to be a free day so you get to
Just Talk Amongst yourselves and I'm
going to be over here listening to my
Chinese Heritage Music I can't be your
Batman cuz i' be robbing I want no lap
dance B give me nuggin guys we have a
free day well I'm going home I'm going
to practice quantum theory hey Cody you
dare me to ask Penelope to be my
girlfriend she's going to say no watch
this hey Penelope since we have a free
day you want to make out e no Junior so
you don't want to be my girlfriend no
well then I'll ask another girl hey
Jenny wobble knes yes Junior wow you got
some wobbly knees yes that's my name
well do you want to be my girlfriend oh
yes of course what hell no Junior I'll
be your girlfriend what you will yeah I
want to be your girlfriend uh well you
just said no no but I I changed my mind
I I I love you oh you do yeah hey Cody I
got a girlfriend oh that's cool I mean I
prefer pickle smooching but hey whatever
else is your jimm hey Penelope you're
dating me now so you want to come over
to my house and hang out yeah of course
all right let's go okay so Penelope now
that we're boyfriend and girlfriend what
do you want to do ooh let's watch
Netflix Oh I know how that ends what are
you talking about you know Netflix and
chill what's that you know while you're
watching Netflix after a while it says
are you still watching someone's
daughter what yeah let's watch Netflix
okay what do you want to watch let's
watch Bridger 10 is that a documentary
on Bridges no Junior it's a period piece
it's about women's periods no Junior
it's about the Bridgeton family finding
love that sounds gay let's watch Toby
McGuire Spider-Man no come on Junior
let's watch the first episode I promise
you'll love it okay oh Simon yes my you
know we can't get caught together oh
relax darling all we did was tongue
punch each other's fat boxes Simon what
are you doing in secret with this Harlot
oh [ __ ] nothing well I can see her
ankles and her Nikes you must marry her
for soiling her innocence trust me old
chap I've done much more than soil just
her innocence Simon if you're going to
marry me you must know I'm a man oh
trust me darling I already know yeah we
all know we all know oh my God isn't
this show amazing I have AIDS don't you
like it oh no it's great I knew you
would like it
Junior get off your phone you're going
to miss it I'm sure I'm not missing a
damn thing what are you doing oh I'm
just texting my boy's group chat what
are you saying we're just talking about
the homework the teacher gave out the
teacher didn't give out homework J here
this [ __ ] is boring as hell someone
shoot me Junior this is boring to you
wait the show is boring but not you do
you want me to leave no no no no no
let's just do something else Netflix is
lame oh I could do your makeup I'm a I'm
a boy I don't wear makeup oh come on
Junior it'd be super fun and you'd look
so cute cute I don't I don't know come
on Junior oh my God Junior you look so
good this is so embarrassing did you
really have to put earrings in they're
clip on no they're not you pushed them
right through my ear hey Junior ready
for boys night boys night oh Junior oh
no they didn't Massacre my boy guys it's
not what it looks like she wanted to put
makeup on me for fun Junior this is
pretty gay and I'm gay please tell me
you didn't chop it off dude you better
wipe this makeup off right now no Junior
you can wash it off later I want
pictures you are not taking pictures of
looking like this junior what are your
friends doing here you're supposed to be
hanging out with me but every Friday
night is boys night well tell them to
leave but no these are my boys we we've
done everything together we've peed our
pants together we've actually peed on
each other before that was my favorite
day what we're blood hounds more like
piss hounds we're piss Pals we made it
piss packed piss is thicker than blood
mhm well I actually have a UTI so it's
kind of both ew listen Penelope if you
just let me hang out with them tonight I
promise I'll hang out with you all day
tomorrow fine Junior but share your Lo
with me so I know where you're at at all
times okay dang I ain't know my boy was
in prison free Junior yeah Junior that's
a little extreme listen guys I finally
have a girlfriend and I don't want her
to break out with me so I'm just sharing
my location okay what do you want to do
well now that she's gone you want to go
see Blue Beetle of course I want to go
see Blue Beetle guys all right let's go
let's go hold on hold on hold on let me
call penel and tell her what I'm doing
why because she's going to see my
location at the movies and she's going
to question it let me just call her real
quick just really quick okay guys it's
ringing hi Junior you missed me already
yeah that that's why I'm calling what
you doing you know just hanging out with
the boys you saw them prove it guys can
you talk so she knows you're here hey
Penelope it's me Cody oh oh blow my back
out Junior oh who's that uh it's just
Joseph screwing around Joseph actually
talk oh no it's Josephine with a fat ass
oh junior is that a girl oh Cody pleas
Cody tell her no Penelope it's me Cody
that's just Joseph oh okay I believe you
now so I was calling because my friends
want to go see Blue Beetle in the movies
and I was was wondering if I can go with
them no Junior I wanted to watch that
with you well can you come with us
tonight no let's go
tomorrow okay I won't go okay I'll check
your location later okay thank you I
can't go
guys you hear that Cody oh it sounds
like somebody's [ __ ] whip yeah Junior
how heavy is the chain well guys I want
to go with you I just can't no you want
to stay back and paint your fingernails
and stick your dick in your ass I get it
I get it I'm going leave you pe well no
no guys you know I will leave my phone
here and I will go with you guys oh he
actually has a dick Cody oh yeah Junior
way to whip it out yeah guys let's go
let me wipe this makeup off and we'll go
I'm leaving my phone all right guys
let's watch Blue Beetle anybody want
some corn that's been popped hey Cody
how long is this movie I don't know like
2 hours 2 hours dude what's the problem
enjoy the movie yeah it's a length of a
normal movie no this movie is super long
can we leave up to 30 minutes if it
sucks no but but what if she's calling
me Junior stop worrying about it and
watch Blue Beetle yeah enjoy yourself
but what if she's talking to another guy
because I'm not answering dude you're
finally out the leash and you won't
watch the movie yeah okay you know what
I'm being crazy I'm being crazy uh guys
what if that girl next to me what if
she's Penelope's friend and sends a
picture of me at the movies Junior
that's not going to happen you're not
dating the girl from Spy Kids are you
taking a picture of me no do you know
who Penelope is who junior leave that
girl alone okay you're right you're
right I'm just going to watch the movie
and eat some eat some popcorn oh thank
God that movie's over where's my phone
it's right here oh Jesus Junior this is
borderline psychotic over a 100 Miss
calls damn dude how big is it obviously
you packing something and she's this
crazy I just started dating her today
yeah you should probably call her back
oh she's going to be mad what do I tell
her just tell her you into the movies
with us no Cody you never tell women the
truth don't make it easy for them stupid
yeah I'm going to lie to her and say I
was in the bathroom or something for 2
hours I'll tell her that I ate an
expired can of SpaghettiOs it'll do it
to you I guess all right let me call her
everyone shut up sh all right guys it's
ringing Junior what's wrong I called you
106 times why didn't you answer you
called me 106 times that's sounds like
perfectly normal behavior but look I
didn't answer my phone cuz I was in the
bathroom and I left my phone on the
couch no one leaves their phone when
they go to the bathroom well I ate an
expired can of SpaghettiOs and poop just
started leaking out my butt so I just
ran to the bathroom for 2 hours yeah I
ran out of toilet paper so then Chef
peipi had to go to the store and get me
more toilet paper I don't believe you
Junior you had some girl over I did not
have a girl over I still have Joseph and
Cody Cody say hi hi Penelope say hi
Joseph I put it right there daddy yeah
right on my face oh it smells so nice
put it on my lip oh yeah Junior I'm
coming over right now okay fine yeah
come over this I have nothing to hide
Joseph why would you do that oh dude I
don't give a [ __ ] dude I just want
destruction guys okay look we have to
get a can of expired spaghettio so she
knows I'm telling the truth or you could
just tell her the truth no you never be
honest with women Cody okay that's her
guys get the SpaghettiOs hello where is
she who the girl there is no other girl
it's just Joseph and Cody okay prove it
okay I'll show you see Penelope it's
just Joseph and Cody now where's that
can of SpaghettiOs oh I don't know dude
I was just telling Cody about how
amazing Blue Beetle was remember Junior
you saw Blue Beetle without me oh no no
no they went and saw it while I was in
the bathroom my my phone was here the
location was here or you could have left
your phone behind for 2 hours while you
saw the movie Bingo she's a smart one
that did not happen I was here in the
bathroom oh yeah then why did my friend
Amelia send me this selfie huh oh Cody
that girl did take a picture of us damn
cutting 4K Junior you lied to me look I
just wanted to go see Blue Beetle with
my friends if you ever do this again I'm
breaking up with you I'll never do it
again and if I FaceTime you and you
don't answer it's over I'll always
answer damn you didn't tell me you cut
it off again can I keep it I mean you're
not using it come on yeah Junior you're
being kind of a s well no I'm not being
a s guys a whole lot of s Behavior dude
come on guys I just wanted to date
Penelope for years and I'm finally
dating her I didn't know she'd be a
little crazy a little I'd hate to see
what a lot looks like so you guys think
I should break up with her yes yeah that
[ __ ] baloney dude yeah that [ __ ] is
baloney yeah Oscar Meer Jor okay guys
I'll break up with her but can you guys
hide under the couch in case she tries
to hit me okay I guess yeah I think I
can squeeze under here okay Penelope can
you come back here yes Junior well you
know how we're dating yeah what if we
didn't didn't what date Junior don't be
silly we belong together we're going to
have beautiful pale ginger babies oh
yeah babies that b dulu shut up Joseph
oh my bad dude uh nothing nothing so I
was basically just trying to tell you
that we I think that maybe it would be
best if who's texting you Jenny wobblies
do you want to make my knees wobble look
she knows we're dating and she doesn't
like you so she's just trying to get us
to break up I'll block her right now
yeah block her Junior I'm blocking her J
just do it wait what dude what is that
Cody Cody come out from under the couch
hold on it's kind of a tight squeeze hey
what's up Cody can you tell her for me
oh what that she's baloney what yeah
you're baloney what does that mean well
you know it's like the worst lunch meat
what I mean I'm more of a kosher ham and
cheese man myself I'm a Black Forest ham
kind of guy what is going on Joseph can
you tell her for me okay dude look your
ass is grass you need to go byy Vito get
gone leave cuz you for the streets baby
I'm so confused Cody can you tell her
he's breaking up with you what why
because you're crazy you called me 108
times you won't let me hang out with my
friends you need my location it's just
getting really bad but Junior you lied
to me we just need to communicate better
well it's true you did lie to her Junior
so Junior we can fix this I'll see you
tomorrow um I don't know if she
understood what you were doing I'm
confused did we break up I don't know
it'd be like that sometimes dude I'm
just going to put my Facebook to It's
Complicated yeah that should cover
[Music]
it