[Music]
Jeffie what are you doing
Jeffy what are you doing why are you
just like me why are you dressed like me
oh I get it
oh I get you're just like me so you
gonna repeat everything I say your drugs
like make sure you're a P everything I
say well I'm just not gonna get mad I'm
just not gonna get mad but seriously why
but seriously want like take it off like
take it all I'm being serious Jeffy
I'm being serious Jeffy stop jump me
stop it Mario calm down he's just having
fun but it's been stupid baby don't but
Mario's get your wet pancakes ice cream
School Bus
melty balls in the description oh yo
he's just a kid let him play
Jeffy how are you doing today good mommy
ba you broke character ie you broke
character no you're supposed to answer
you always what I say no you weren't for
danger you want to put JYJ I'm gonna hit
you I'm going to hit you my name is
Chris tall balls and this is my crystal
ball and I can predict your future for 5
bucks
so come on down and get your future
predicted and see where your life is
headed tell us her future I'm not gonna
go see a guy named Chris tall ball you
sound like a kook crystal balls is not a
kook he's a pioneer he's been telling
futures for over 50 years
well I don't want to know my future but
hopefully Jeff he's not in it Lori yo
don't say that that's rude yeah Danny
that was pretty rude oh so you're done
repeating me oh sure you're done
repeating but no Jeff you can't just
start back up
no Jeff you can't just start back up
please Mario it would be so much fun
no please go with me I don't want to go
I don't want out see look Jeffy's on the
right page
see look Jeffy's on the right thing come
on Jeffy we should all go together well
I want to go no I don't know I don't
well which one is it Jeffy do you want
to go or not yeah I want to go but I
don't want to go but I don't want to go
Jeffy make up your mind I do want to go
I really really really really really
don't want to go I really really really
really don't want to go see see see Jeff
he doesn't wanna go yeah you don't want
to go if I can convince Jeffy to stop
repeating you will you go yes yes Jeffy
stop repeating Mario Oh mommy
it was that easy
alright now I'm going to predict your
future yes it says here that you're
going to be very rich and wealthy I knew
it alright who's next
come on in hey there kook how are you
don't be rude
what $5 oh yeah here's your $5 Oh
wonderful okay come on now give me you
Oh
the friction is non-existent my name is
Chris tall balls and these are my
crystal balls oh I get it what your name
is Chris tall balls and those are
crystal balls it's the same word it's
not the same that's all
yesterday your name is Chris tall balls
and those are crystal balls correct yes
so you did that that you named yourself
that to tell my crystal balls now my
name is Chris last name tall balls and
those are my crystal balls yes but like
it's supposed to supposed to be like as
a joke like this town like crystal ball
no there's no correlation there Mario I
think you're overthinking it what no his
name is crystal balls and those are
crystal balls that would make sense if
his first name was crystal and his last
name balls but his first name is Chris
Mario it doesn't make sense your name is
crystal balls juice and those are my
crystal balls and they sound the same
no oh you tell my future all right Oh
[Music]
Mario yes
yes Lord Mario your future is you're
going to be - hello my name is Chris
tall balls what's your name dear
Rosalina Oh
Rosalina let's see let's predict your
future that's how I turn my balls on boo
boo boo boo boo all right
Rosalina it says here that you're gonna
be getting a okay come on
he didn't made up something he just
randomly said you're getting your hair
cut
everybody gets haircuts Mario there's no
way he thought I could possibly get a
haircut one day five your eyes he knows
you need a haircut
who's next well she gets - all right so
who's next
well how about you tell us your futures
did you know so much Oh wonderful what's
my name
Cristal balls oh yeah you're correct sir
all right here crystal balls
[Music]
bubu bubu oh it says here as I will pay
off my tax debt and and I'll have no
more tax liens because I'll be making
five dollars by going people out of fake
future tellings yes who ate the donut
what who ate the donut did you sir what
what are you what are you talking about
what donut my apologies guys my I have
early onset dementia and I just forget
things almost instantly okay well I have
a nice day no nest but Mario
what about Jeffy he would love this he
just admitted to carding I got a $5 a
future telex okay you want to lose five
of your dollars then get Jeffy in here
okay $5.00 here Jeffy I got $5.00 from
your wallet all right
yeah no no my oh yes your future telling
Jim Bob here we are
Oh Jim Bob it says here that you are
going to die in your future it says here
that it could be tomorrow or two days or
a year from now or five years from now
or 10 or 20 or 30 or 40 or who ate the
donut hold on Jeffy we don't say that
word on YouTube we say go to sleep
forever you're not gonna go to sleep
forever I mean eventually you will but
not anytime soon probably I mean
honestly it could be any day now any
second I mean we never know when our
time comes he doesn't even know how to
tell the future he's just calling us out
money he was just making up stuff you're
just saying obvious facts like obviously
I'm bald and obviously Rosalina needs a
haircut
and obviously one day we're all gonna go
to sleep forever including you he needs
to know the truth like Jeffy literally
anything could happen like you could
pick up this remote and I got
electrocute you or you could walk and
trip and break your neck I mean anything
plane could crash to the top of the
house
I thought you think you weren't walking
Mario why would you scare Jeffy like
that I didn't scare him I just told him
the truth one day we're all gonna go to
sleep forever and it's your fault no he
wouldn't that future tell her in the
first place I thought it was stupid
Jeffy why are you dressed like that you
look ridiculous
oh I think he looks kind of cute it's my
armor and nothing's ever gonna hurt me
I've never been going say forever Jeffy
that's a bubble wrap not armor it's
armored okay if it's armored then why
can it pump Jeffy stop it it's a noise
it's actually really dangerous that you
have bubble wrap wrapped all over you
because what if you have a hard time and
doctors have to do emergency surgery but
they can't get to your heart because
this bone wrap is it's all over your
body okay yeah we need to stop this
let's call Cristal balls and tell him
that he's to tell Jeffy he'll never go
to sleep forever so he gets not being
scared of everything okay Mario you cold
I brought my portable crystal ball well
thank you for coming Christmas you go
alright so the reason we called you is
you really scared our side when you told
me no I just paid you look here okay
that's all the money you're getting okay
look the reason we called you here is
that we need you to tell my son that
he's never gonna go to sleep forever but
we'll all go to sleep forever at one
point or another
okay well then tell them you'll go to
sleep forever in like a hundred years
it's just not now or anytime soon Jeffy
get in here
what junk Danny Santa Claus read your
future wrong so he wants to tell you
something new
[Applause]
[Music]
boo boo yes um excuse me sir what am I
supposed to be doing again
tell him he'll go to sleep forever like
a hundred years it's not anytime soon
oh it says yeah that you won't go to
sleep for at least another hundred years
let me know could sleep forever in 100
years it says here that you won't go to
sleep forever for another 100 years so I
don't have to be scared for another 100
years correct
Oh Thank You Shan Claus oh no problem
son all right let's see yeah who ate the
damn nut hey fat boy
you wanna fight yeah do you wanna fight
okay you wanna find blood
hey fat boy you wanna fight all right
you wanna fight you wanna fight tonight
hey fat boy
you wanna fight do you wanna fight