uh guys are you ready to go back to
school no dude I hate school yeah school
sucks are you talking about guys goes
awesome no it's not Cody why are you
such a nerve yeah are you such a geek
come on guys school is great we get to
learn new stuff everyday like math and
science and social studies it's so cool
it's the power of learning he's freaking
nonsense I know I know dude okay
everybody calm down and just look at my
new backpack whoa
it's Hello Kitty yeah it sure is look at
its little cat ears and it's cat face
and it's all sparkly and it's
bulletproof cuz yeah you know well check
out my backpack it's also bulletproof
edge Pokemon edition whoa that is
awesome yeah did you just take Poliwhirl
over all the other Pokemon no it came
like this but Jenny oh I see charm
Anders tail and Pikachu's ears don't you
see it's tough yeah
Joseph where's your backpack oh wait
we're supposed to have back yeah you
pick your stuff to school oh oh yeah I
forgot I have a backpack look at my
backpack guys back pack
yeah it's very expensive dude yeah I
mean you spelled backpack wrong but
other than that it's cool dude I didn't
spell it wrong it was the designer oh
yeah oh that's a really cool backpack
guess what dude I could carry my lunch
and my books in here wow that's awesome
oh speaking of lunch I think chef he's
making me lunch for school today so let
me get that and then we'll go ahead to
school okay okay dude yeah Jr and I
quite fit in his lunchbox that I made
for you you made this yes I made this
well to picture your face on it I know
because you think about me all the time
don't you
no but I guess when I see your face on
my lunchbox I'll think about you you
better and it even has my famous
catchphrase on it every day is Taco
Tuesday
you say that all the time because every
day go Tuesday so did you point me talk
us for lunch
oh no we ran out what what yeah all I
could find was this orange if I keep rue
you might not want to touch it it's
probably poisonous and I got some Mayo
chop and some cheese garlic and an egg
oh thanks for the lunch fbp are you
welcome now take your stupid lunch and
go to school you little brat okay guys
guys look chef peepee make me my own
lunchbox
oh dude that is so awesome Wow even has
chef Feenie's catchphrase on it every
day is Taco Tuesday but I have never
heard him say that ever what he says all
the time yeah dude
he's never said that he says at
least once per video Cody see look you
can't stop this man from saying it they
can stun is this a dream am I in a dream
no he says it all the time
all right show baby yeah yeah yeah all
the times hey chef peepee can I get a
taco yes because all the time okay you
can't we just go to school now yeah yeah
it's all go welcome back class I hope
you all had a really great summer but
now he's time we get back to work
and Nisha is gonna be the hottest year
of school that you ever had there's
gonna be a lotta math a lot of science
and I run a homework so let me go get
all of your homework Oh a bunch of
homework hey guna
I didn't agat hey Junior he didn't like
it but I like it I think oh my god ah
you actually like homework yeah of
course Junior yeah I guess we have to
get some paper and their backpacks yeah
let me get some paper on my backpack
wait Jeffy you don't have a backpack
what's your backpack
it's a pack that goes on your back and
you stick stuff in it oh my god diaper I
can stick stuff in there my God knows I
can stick stuff and yeah I got but
Japanese Jeffy you have to have a
I think yet you're gonna get mad yeah
yeah get mad and yeah he's gonna get mad
yeah okay whatever you show me the
backpack all right class this is your
homework for the first night it's math
test no calculator and I know if you use
a calculator cuz I want you to show your
work so everyone take the whole book and
put it in their backpack
hey Jeffy why you know hot backpack I
didn't like it oh you don't like it well
I hope you like carrying around all this
homework every single night hey loser
where's your backpack I didn't like it
you don't like it are you just too poor
to afford one I did I get ya Oh check
out my backpack it has superheroes on it
I didn't like it okay whatever you don't
even have a backpack everyone has a
backpack even Joseph has a backpack yeah
oh hey Jeffy how was school
tell me why you cry good school day I
know you don't like school Jenny but you
have to go to school keep getting made
fun oh wow that's gonna happen JEP you
look in the mirror well you don't need a
backpack Jeff you don't do your school
anyway
what'd he just put stuff in your diaper
what day I told him I could do it but he
still made fun of me
okay fine Jeff yeah I guess you do need
a backpack I'll go to the store and get
you the best backpack yeah I can buy
good all right Jeffy I went to the store
and got you a Minecraft backpack your
most expensive backpack at the store
Oh does that mean you like it or no
[Music]
here's your backpack for school I hope
you enjoy and just go to school tomorrow
and pay attention grape grape dare you
double dog dare you open this nice
minecraft backpack loser
what is it 2009 or noobest uh now I got
my enchanted sword then I crapped it in
minecraft using the obsidian and Barney
hugs you can't have that at school yes I
can't hey what are you doing here
well your son got in trouble today at
school Jeffy got in trouble Jeff beat
you got in trouble at school today Jeffy
why are you getting trouble jumping
answer me answer me why do you get
trouble well he brought this to school
but toy sword oh it's not just any toy
sword it's an enchanted diamond toy
sword ship you wanted to take towards
the school chubby
don't pick toys he won't do it again
officer no he didn't just bring it to
school he hit a kid with it and now the
kid wants to press charges
but I didn't feel like doing all the
paperwork so I told the kid no he
couldn't do that now I'm sure I'll be
hearing about that later but we'll cross
that bridge when we come to it that's
whew Jimmy's problem okay well you know
what Jeffy no taking toys to school okay
monkeys
what you said no more monkeys jumping on
the bed when I was jumping on your bed
you said that Daddy oh okay no no no
monkeys jump on the bed and no toys at
school okay yeah he's not gonna take
toys you're not gonna have another
problem from us again
okay great I'll remember that for the
next time when I come back cuz you had a
problem okay alright Jeffy service oh
don't take toys the school and don't hit
kids with it show no toys yet school huh
no monkeys jumping on your back uh-huh
and and no hitting kids with toys all
right Jeffy I'll just sit here and I
just ought to leave you here so you
could think about it alright Jeff you've
been here long enough it's time to go to
bed oh why not
good it's it's pooping my diaper it's a
stick what check I spent 30 bucks on
that 30 bucks
that was your lunch money for this week
Oh Jeffy why don't you not want your
backpack anymore what I don't like you
okay yeah fine
Jeffy I had a Christmas gift that I was
trying to keep you know secret for you
but if you don't like this backpack
anymore I guess I'll show it to you here
it is with your face on it
yes I'd want to see my pizza you say
that all the time normal punch oh yeah
see Jeff Bailey I got your backpack it's
custom-made just for you
where'd you get it daddy only at SM
elmers.com not so plug daddy give me
some glove slow daddy there's a bus back
prank ever
all right Jeffy boy anyway look if you
get bullied just hide inside your
backpack okay all right thanks dad I
know happy third day of school I hope
you all did all 900 pages on your
homework last night because tonight we
have two thousand pages of homework and
this night is very important because
it's passport to advanced math so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna keep
doubling your homework every single day
for the rest of the year
hey loser what do you have a backpack on
your head you can't sue me and why do
you have your face on your backpack is
it so you don't forget who you are
Jeffy take the backpack off your head I
have to see your face that's good enough
no no it's not chef peepee not every day
is Taco Tuesday you've never said that
before stop saying it I hide my face too
with the backpack siren that ugly Oh
idiot bad jokes you asked for what what
are you doing there
oh my god what's that the fog hey there
Mario I'm back
cuz there's been another problem but
what did you do this time day I do
nothing it's a system trying to bring a
brother down yeah okay well what he did
is he tried to vaporize another student
with his backpack what vaporize yeah
yeah he shot lasers out of his backpack
and tried to vaporize another student
the backpack can shoot lasers daddy when
I counted 13 I skip 12 cuz I ate 12 okay
a kid shoot lasers apparently it can
because it did okay what happened well
he tried to vaporize the kid but luckily
the kid didn't get hurt because he has a
bulletproof backpack you know kids these
days always have bulletproof backpacks
cuz well you know okay so I'm guessing
the kid wants to press charges
oh sure yeah he wants to but I can't do
anything about it I'm still suspended
from last time when I didn't let him
press charges what you're suspended yeah
yeah I'm not even really a cop right now
I just kind of like to play dress-up
so I check me why would you do it to the
kid
what are you boring me daddy it's my boy
proof it keeps me from giving bullying
yeah that's not a guarantee that's
that's not legally binding in it it
can't shoot lasers either I I don't I
don't know why it did that anyway
Jeffie don't let any bullies push you
around okay and if you want your own
jeppie backpack go to SML merch calm and
this video was sponsored by us hey guys
check out the all-new back-to-school
merch now available SML merch calm
[Music]