so guys what do you want to do today
let's watch a movie yeah movie night oo
what movie are we going to watch dude
let's watch Tom Brady's movie 80 for
Brady no not 80 for Brady his other
movie Haiti for Brady what's that about
Tom Brady goes to Haiti oh he going on
vacation yeah cuz his wife left him I'm
down all right let's watch
it huh what is that gunfire I just
wanted to go to the beach oh this place
is scary man I hate when celebrities
record movies in exotic locations just
so they can get a free vacation and they
get to ride off on their taxes come on
relate to the people I don't think he
had a good
time wait who are you texting my friends
Junior who said you could have friends
Junior stop being so controlling are you
talking to guys no Junior well one but
he's totally gay oo hello wait what app
is that it's Snapchat Junior you have a
Snapchat yes everyone has Snapchat not
me well you should get it so we can send
cute pictures back and forth send cute
pictures oh I'm going to go to the
bathroom and take a picture from her
what's wrong Junior she has a Snapchat
Cody so a lot of people do but why does
she need a Snapchat we have regular IM
messages like why does she need a
Snapchat who is she messaging on there
other [ __ ] what oh my bad dude I
thought you knew Snapchat is the
cheating app why would you download an
app that instantly deletes the messages
it instantly deletes the messages yes
sir ski wait wait what's it hiding like
what's on there penis penis a whole lot
of penis what penis Cody you hear that a
whole lot of penis on Snapchat why does
she have a Snapchat Cody Junior I think
maybe she's just using a popular app to
talk to her friends she wasn't talking
to any friends dude you heard her
giggling that was a whole man making her
laugh like that and the big of the laugh
the big of the penis oh yeah it had to
be a huge one the way she was giggling
dude girls aren't funny you know that
yeah if she was Ming her friend she
wouldn't be laughing cuz cuz girls
aren't funny like name one female stand
up comedian none can't they don't exist
mhm I can name a couple like look at
Kevin Hart he's black and man with penis
and Dave Chappelle he's black and man
with a penis do you think the guy she's
talking do his black and man with a
penis yes I do think so Cody she's
cheating on me with a black guy with a
penis Junior I really don't think so
then why would she go to the bathroom to
take a picture to toot that ass up and
take some pics you know what I'm
saying pela Pilla B junor what are you
sending booty pcks to black comedians
what no I'm sending this cute picture to
my friend Mariah look I'm a unicorn I
don't think that's how unicorns sound
but I'm just making sure you're not
talking to guys or Cat Williams Junior
stop being crazy come on let's go watch
Haiti for Brady okay okay so what did I
miss in the movie well Tom Brady's
trying to leave Haiti but four old women
lost his plane ticket so now they have
to do a dance off with Lady Gaga's
choreographer oh
okay she texting [ __ ] let me see
Junior stop being crazy if the messages
aren't bad why can't I see them because
Junior they're inside jokes with my
friends nah she want to inside her dude
you know what I'm thirsty I'm going
downstairs for something to drink does
anybody want anything I'll take a
strawberry kiwi Capri son if that's a
thing that exists okay great sounds like
something I'd like dude she left her
phone go in that [ __ ] oh can I go
through it yeah no Junior don't do it
it'll be an invasion of her privacy Mark
Zuckerberg invades my privacy on
Facebook okay yeah so I can go to my
girlfriend's phone she's my girlfriend
yeah look dude Cody can you tap it my
fingerprints got burned off in a fire I
know dude you're not even her background
oh this [ __ ] over with what's that mean
bro everybody knows if you're not your
girlfriend's background on her phone she
must be cheating or she's trying to act
like she's single oh yeah because if I
was her background and a guy saw it he'd
be like oh she has a she has a boyfriend
but since I'm not the background any guy
would think she's single mhm puss ready
to eat for everybody or maybe she just
likes flowers nobody likes flowers Cody
the only people that like flowers are
dead people okay all right so let me
just try to guess the passcode Cody can
you help me yeah okay uh what do you
think it could be probably the number of
dicks in her Snapchat how many is that a
million a million could be her birthday
yeah it could be her birthday go ahead
Junior put it in you don't know your
girlfriend's birthday do you I do know
it I just don't think she'd be stupid
enough to put her birthday as her pass
coat idiot you could just admit you
don't know okay I don't know her
birthday but here let me just try a few
guesses um let's just 7 2 3 7 7 7 7 7
7 it didn't work cuz my fingerprints
don't work but you try Cody F try those
numbers I just said three two
[Music]
is Junior I'm going home I'm over this
yeah good luck going to his house
without his address for 5 minutes guys
you see her she's the worst I know why
are you still in a relationship with her
I know she's just the worst girlfriend
she's so unloyal she's so crazy she
doesn't have just trust issues she has
trust issues guys Junior you're the one
who's trying to get into her phone
because she's trying to cheat on me Cody
girls cheat girls cheat over lust and
love both it's really bad men don't
cheat y we're loyal you've literally
cheated on Penelope it was a mistake
okay listen when girls it's not a
mistake they mean it they they truly
mean it and you know what I'm going to
follow her to her house what Junior
don't do that why not I want to follow
her to her house and see if she meets up
with anybody you're going to be crazy no
Joseph you want to come with me uh nah
dude it's not going to look right for a
black dude to follow a girl in the
neighborhood at night it doesn't look
right for anybody to do that listen
George zerman doesn't live here Joseph
you're good you're safe I don't know bro
okay then I'll do it myself you guys
don't want to be my best buds and help
me fine all right
know
[Music]
Penelope
dinner what's for dinner dad well I
tried to make Hamburger Helper but we
didn't have any hamburger so it's just
helper ew dad that's disgusting shut up
and eat your helper what are those oh
those are Biscoff cookies I stole from
the plane during my pilot job today well
can I just eat those no you need your
protein you didn't cook Hamburger look
Penelope I'm a lot of things but I'm not
a chef okay someone's at the door let me
get
it hello hey I'm Penelope's boy
boyfriend she said I could come over oh
yeah I remember you hey Penelope I wish
you would have told me we were going to
have company I would have made more
helper come on in I didn't invite anyone
over Dad yeah you did your boyfriend's
here junior I did not invite you to
dinner yes she did she's just afraid
that she's going to get grounded oh well
sorry I don't have enough helper for you
yeah so you should just go Penelope
don't be rude offer him a Biscoff cookie
whatever you like Biscoff in cookie form
Penelope get off your phone during
dinner it's rude dad I'm texting my
friends she's texting Cat Williams cat
Williams penel you know Cat Williams no
she's sending inappropriate photos oh
that's it hand over the phone young lady
no dad I don't know Cat Williams Cat
Williams is a pimp and I will not have
you texting pimps at the table now hand
it over fine and what's the passcode
it's the first 50 digits of pie okay
well I don't care that much now help me
with this jigsaw puzzle I got to find
this lady's other tit I'm going to my
room you should probably leave it's
weird if we have dinner together oh can
I have some Hamburger Helper to go well
it's only Helper but yeah I'll heat you
up my PL I don't really want
it guys guys I took Penelope's phone so
you stole Penelope's phone from her no I
took it from her dad oh so you stole it
from her dad Bingo and I know the
passcode to get in a dude let's get in
that thing yeah so what's the passcode
it's the first 50 digits of pie pie
Jesus what does she have on there maybe
you should be worried I know that's why
I have to get in there Cody a dude I
know this one it's pan pie $3.99 duh
what y'all looking for pie right I saw
it on the way over here it was at
Walmart for on on sale for $3.99 it was
a good deal but no Joseph not the price
of pi the number Pi all right then you
figure it out since you know everything
God damn yeah what's the first 50 digits
of pie Cody well I don't know the first
50 digits I know the first five then
what are they it's like
3.1415 what's the next one I don't know
then why were you so confident saying it
imagine I'm like oh I know the alphabet
A B CDE e f g and then go pause and [ __ ]
well p goes on forever no it doesn't
once you're done eating the pie it's
gone Cody no not look I'll just look it
up okay I got it all right type it in ah
Jesus okay let's
see
3.14 one wait wait wait wait wait wait
you didn't do the point what no Junior
there's no point there is a point I want
to get in the phone to see who she's
texting no Jor where's the point the
point is I want to see if she's talking
to other guys no I I mean there's no
period on the screen e she's not going
to rub her period all over the screen
they have tampons for that Cody you just
shut up and let me type the numbers 3 1
start over he's touching the screen he
thinks she rubs her period all over
right he didn't even wash his hands why
do girls per perod I don't know I always
wanted that God damn it I lost my place
because you guys were talking about
periods Cody is period a verb I don't I
don't know like if does a girl say I'm
about to period I don't know just let me
type the numbers did you catch a period
yeah oh my God like what happens if you
I lost my place again just shut up you
know what this is taking too long I
think I'm going to just take her phone
if I can I just put my mouth on it and
she had perod you're gross I'm going to
take her phone and while she's sleeping
I'm going to go up to her and try to put
the face ID up to her face and unlock it
the face ID is not going to work if her
eyes are closed cled how do Asians get
it to work Cody their eyes aren't closed
they're not no I thought they were just
so smart they memorized the world and
they were just bragging ultimate heck no
what oh well look they make the phones
they can figure it out I'm going to go
get this phone unlocked with
[Music]
Penelope damn it she sleeps on her
stomach hey uh Penelope it's me your Dad
it's me I'm a doctor what do you want
Dad Junior what are you doing here wait
are you trying to unlock my phone with
my face uh no I came to give you your
phone back cuz your dad took it and I
felt bad a well thanks Junior good
night Junior what are you doing are you
trying to steal my phone no I I was just
moving your phone so I could lay next to
you no go away
but hey guys hey Junior did you get into
her phone nah dude he's still alive if
he would have gotten into her phone he
would be laying on the train tracks by
now I just want to know what's on her
phone like who is she talking to well
jior sometimes it's better not knowing
yeah like ignorance is bliss Ty [ __ ]
well no like I want to know if she's
talking to guys how many what are they
even talking about okay Junior think of
it this way if she was talking to guys
what would you do make her block them
well you wouldn't break up with her no I
would say you got to block every guy on
your phone or I'm leaving you but then
she would only be blocking them because
you were making her not cuz she wanted
to that's true dude I would say you you
got to want to block her like block him
and say you mean it but she would still
want to talk to him no you know what you
just make me mad I need to distract
myself cuz you're just going to make me
more Angry so let's just watch crazy
Rich Haans
okay oh God I'm not rich yeah that's
that's a that's not
rich hey guys it's Logan we officially
launched an SML gaming channel go
subscribe right now we're going to be
uploading gaming videos every single day
so please go subscribe to the new SML
gaming channel for new content every
single day me in build TOS Jeffy ow I'm
dead I'm so incredibly dead help me why
would you break it where you at Cody
Joseph help me come here come here why
Joseph why not Logan help I mean do your
help yeah why not Logan I'm a little
offended you don't me to help you're the
one who killed me because you built a
floor where I was trying to climb up
wait where's Jeffy I'm over here getting
shot at oh yeah I forgot there are
people