yeah yeah Jimmy Butler go Jimmy yeah get
your finger out of my face but Karen
it's game seven of the NBA finals and
all Jimmy has to do is hit the
game-winning shot we win the
championship but Bonnie I thought you
hated Jimmy Butler you're so back and
forth I love him I hate him I love him I
hate him I freaking love this man he's
the goat Ken look at Jimmy butle go 2
seconds left to the NBA final pass to
Jimmy H for the win bur buring holy Dy
[ __ ] Jimmy Butler just want the NBA
finals for the Miami a he [ __ ] did
care and he did it I [ __ ] love this
man jimy jimy jimy
jimy bo bo stop it Jimmy he actually did
it Ken he won the championship Bo you
having that dream again wait what month
is it January oh I should have known it
was just a dream Jimmy Butler's never
going to win a championship with the
Miami Heat Bo stop monologuing I'm
trying to sleep I just don't get it
Karen why does he love coffee so much he
gets paid $150 million to play
basketball and all he can care about is
coffee I know B like imagine somebody
was paying you $150 million to bake
cakes and then you signed that contract
and said you know what I don't want to
bake cakes I want to drink hot cocoa
Bonnie you're babbling go to sleep
you're right Karen I just need something
to distract me I'm going to watch
ESPN breaking news Jimmy Butler has been
suspended from the Miami Heat because
he's focused more on coffee than
basketball here's what he said at his
press conference I want out of the Miami
Heat they don't like coffee as much as I
do and they don't support my coffee
dreams everyone say it with me coffee
coffee oh God damn it Jimmy what is
wrong now Bo he went and got himself
suspended for seven games cuz he won't
stop talking about coffee well good I'm
tired of hearing you complain but now
the Miami Heat's thinking about trading
him to another team I don't know what
team would even want him the Milwaukee
Bucks just because their name rhymes
with Starbucks and their colors are kind
of similar Bo if he gets traded to
another team it's not your problem
anymore but the Miami Heat's going to
suck without Jimmy they already suck B
well at least now we make it to the
playoffs and then suck without him we're
not even going to make it to the
playoffs we'll just suck I got to find a
way to stop him from getting traded and
how are you going to do that b well I've
already tried talking to him I think
drinking all that caffeine's done
something to his brain he's like
actually crazy now he's obsessed with
coffee I think I'm going to invite him
over and how are you going to get him to
come over here I've seen Looney Tunes
Karen I know how to trap someone B what
the hell is this it's a classic cartoon
box trap Karen see I put a cup of coffee
in there so whenever Jimmy smells it and
comes up to try to sip it I just pull
the string and we drop the Box on him
and trap him smell it boy this is
ridiculous what are you talking about
this stuff only works in cartoons
there's no way he's going to smell this
coffee all the way in Miami instantly
get to our door and get trapped in your
box but he has coffee senses Karen he's
like Spider-Man but instead of spider
senses he has coffee senses see drinking
so much caffeine has mutated his brain
into some kind of coffee smelling
organism oh my God Karen look the coffee
it's gone but bu where did up I don't
know what wait what the hell is it Jimmy
Butler God damn it Ken we were too busy
arguing and Jimmy Butler drank all the
coffee with his big cartoony straw but
Bonnie how was I supposed to know he'd
bring his big cartoony straw with him
because I had a big cartoony trap Ken
it's just Looney tun rules that's how it
works God damn it we got to go back to
the drawing board okay Karen I went to
the Acme store and bought this Anvil so
whenever Jimmy Butler comes to get his
coffee we're going to drop it on his
head and then a big lump is going to
grow out of it Wy that's not very nice
what if it hurts his brain believe me
his brain's already already been messed
up from all the coffee oh my God Karen
there he
[Music]
is oh no Karen he's all geeked from the
coffee he already drank he turned into
the Tasmanian devil cor what do we do
drop it Karen drop
it damn it Karen we were too late I
guess we have to go back to the drawing
board what drawing board Bo we don't
have one of those all right Karen this
is the drawing board Bo how did you find
time to do all this I've been thinking
about it for a while but anyway we
already tried the Box thing and the
Anvil thing so now I want to try to
paint a realistic looking Starbucks on
the side of the house so whenever Jimmy
Butler runs up he smacks right into the
wall and he has to peel himself off like
a sticker B that's going to take forever
the paint and also how do you know he's
going to run fast enough at it to go
Splat on the wall and besides B it's
dark outside he might not even see it
you're right Karen do you know where I
can get a piano so I can drop it on his
head whenever he smiles his teeth are
piano keys Bo you already tried dropping
something on his head and it didn't work
yeah you're right I have the perfect
idea I'm going to go explain it to
somebody who can actually help Marvin
Marvin Marvin you don't knock anymore
you just come in my house well I knock
for business but for goofy fun stuff I
just come right in so I'm assuming this
is Goofy fun stuff yeah see Miami Heat
star Jimmy Butler well I shouldn't say
star or else Jimmy would think I was
saying Star Bucks and he'd cream his
pants but no Jimmy Butler got suspended
from the Miami Heat for seven games cuz
he likes coffee too much so now they're
thinking about trading him to a
different team and if they do that my
life is going to suck so what I have to
do is go back in time to before Jimmy
Butler had his first cup of coffee
because that's where he got addicted so
if I can stop him from having that
coffee he'll never get addicted to
coffee and actually play basketball okay
so how do you plan on going back in time
you've been back in time right Marvin I
don't think so oh come on you've been
back in time plenty of times oh look
right here Marvin between the couch
cushions your pocket time machine I've
never seen that before in my life you've
been back in time okay so how are you
going to know when Jimmy Butler had his
first cup of coffee well he likes
talking about coffee so much I'm sure he
said it oh yeah right here says he first
started selling coffee back in 2020
during the NBA bubble to other players
for $20 a cup so that means his first
cup of coffee must have been sometime in
2019 oh yeah right here it says in
September 18th 20 2019 he had his first
cup of coffee at a gas station so now
all we have to do is go back in time to
that gas station and stop him from
having that coffee do you think this
will work yeah it's worth a shot well I
shouldn't say shot or else Jimmy would
think I was talking about an espresso
shot and he'd cream his pants again come
on Marvin let's go back in time can I go
no [ __ ] you come on
Marvin hello thank you for choosing my
gas station how for may I be to help you
today what's today's day today is
September 18th 2019 perfect we're here
on the right day that means jimmmy
Butler should be here any minute excuse
me sorry hey do you have any hot dogs in
the back by the coffee machine coffee
what's that it's like a juice made from
beans beans are good for your heart I
got to try that wait no Marvin come on
let's stop them H hot coffee coffee
that's a fun word coffee oh look there's
a cup right here hey hey you don't want
to drink that that's my cup and and I
spit when I drink and I have um I have
mouth AIDS you you you definitely don't
want to drink that okay well I guess
I'll just get my own cup no no no you
you shouldn't get any coffee you're um
you're a basketball player right yeah
well then you definitely don't want
coffee cuz coffee would make you [ __ ]
suck at basketball you'll never win any
championships I mean you'll go to two
but you'll never win any well that
sounds like a nightmare oh trust me it
is a nightmare you definitely don't want
to drink that coffee okay I won't drink
it then thanks Mister we did it Marvin
we stopped Jimmy Butler from drinking
coffee now he won't get addicted I can't
believe it actually worked oh my god
look one Mountain Dew please you know
it's so yummy I'm thinking about star my
own soda company but coffee is so good
though really the guy back there told me
it was bad my friend you have to try
this [ __ ]
okay wao whoo what's happening to me
that's the greatest thing I've ever had
now I think I'm going to start a coffee
company and stop playing basketball
that's the spirit no no God damn it
Marvin we lost him oh my god well you
already talked to him he just didn't
listen now we have to go back in time to
before we talk to him we have to try
again what how are you going to try
again you already already said coffee
was bad and he didn't listen I think I
know what to do come on what's today's
date today's date is September 18th
2019 wait who's that wait what's going
on oh were're you guys from the future
you guys did it wrong so we have to come
back and fix it excuse me do you have
any hot dogs in back by the coffee
machine coffee what's that it's like a
juice made from beans beans are good for
your heart I got to try that wait wait
wait Mr Jimmy Butler don't try that
coffee yeah it's bad for you but it's
made of Bean Juice yeah but beans make
you fart yeah yeah and you'll [ __ ] your
pants on the court like Paul Pierce well
I don't want that yeah you definitely
don't want that okay well I guess I'll
try something else do you think it
worked man my coffee is so good you pour
that out make sure Jimmy Butler doesn't
drink any of that coffee so what do we
do well you guys can just go home we got
it from here come on Marvin let's check
on Jimmy M that coffee smell good o my
stomach hurt a little bit though oh I
got to take a [ __ ] in the urinal uh can
somebody watch my coffee for me please
I'll watch it for you yeah keep an eye
on my coffee I I got a [ __ ] in the
urinal real quick uh but just could you
wash my coffee for me let me put the lid
on there you go just keep an eye on it
while I go [ __ ] this Ural that
smells good Jimmy don't you [ __ ]
dare what are you doing stopping you
from drinking coffee wait oh
no wo wo W Good Golly is that what
coffee tastes like that's the best thing
I've ever had I'm going to start my own
coffee company
no Marvin we have to go back in time
again come on you guys did it wrong so
now we have to go back and fix it wait
we did it wrong yeah but that's okay
we're going to do it right this time
excuse me sir can I buy this coffee it's
the best thing I've ever had I'm going
to start my own coffee company what the
[ __ ] how did it go even worse this time
we didn't even have a chance to
intervene I know so now we have to go
back in time before all of them went
back in time no no no no Marvin look how
crowded it already is there's going to
be like a million of us at this rate
let's just go back in time to before we
decided to go back in time and tell them
what to do right so they do it right
when they go back in time okay okay come
on wait what the [ __ ] why are there so
many of us you told us to go back home
so we did what oh Marvin that means we
messed up so many times and we just keep
telling them to go back home okay well I
thought we were supposed to go back in
time before we ever went back in time I
don't remember when that was Marvin this
is getting confusing let's just go back
to my house whoa whoa waa what the hell
are you guys doing you said to go back
to my house well yeah I meant my house
well that's my house too well I know but
I'm the original okay just my house and
Marvin what about me what no I want this
Marvin okay well then let's just go and
leave them everyone if you're not me
well me me as me only me me yeah no no
other Marvins and just this broken guy
everyone stay the [ __ ] back everybody
stay here okay Marvin you have to help
me find a way to get Jimmy Butler to
stop drinking coffee well why don't you
just accept that he likes coffee no no
damn it I'm not going to do that you
don't understand Marvin he could be the
next Michael Jordan he's good at
basketball when he wants to be he's just
too obsessed with coffee Marvin his
dream his dream is to sell coffee for
$100 a cup is he out of his [ __ ] mind
no one's going to pay that much for
coffee not when Starbucks exist and
Starbucks is crack no one's going to pay
for his shitty coffee when they can just
buy Starbucks for way cheaper yeah I
mean I guess it is really ridiculous to
pay that much for coffee God I just wish
I could grab him and Shake him and say
wake the [ __ ] up Jimmy give up the
coffee well why don't you just talk to
him yourself I would but none of my
stupid cartoon traps worked well isn't
he right over there hey there you wanted
to talk to
me
Jimmy Butler what did you want to say to
me well Jimmy I just wanted to say one
thing please Jimmy please give up the
[ __ ] coffee please invest in real
estate or stocks or crypto I don't care
just please no more coffee but I love
coffee I know you do Jimmy I know but
you can invest in Starbucks cuz you're
definitely never going to beat him well
the heart wants what the heart wants but
but Jimmy please don't leave Miami I
love you that's your Misfortune Jimmy
Jimmy no don't go Jimmy where shall I go
without you what shall I do Franklin my
dear I don't give a damn no jimy
[Laughter]
no no I'm not going to worry about it
today I'll worry about it tomorrow after
all tomorrow's another
day that was from the movie Gone With
the Wind it's it's like a really old
movie ask your parents about it I I
don't know
[Music]