so guys what do you want to do today
well today's me I don't know dude what
do you want to do I don't know I'm bored
you don't play board games nah that's
boring dude and he's Mayberry's we
should do something fun yeah you don't
ask Cody what you want to do yeah let's
do that it's my birthday
all right let's ask Cody okay today's my
birthday cookie what you want to do
today I want to celebrate my birthday
oh cool whatever it's today today's your
birthday yeah that's what I've been
saying
you sure just said something I did
several times did yeah well how old are
you turning I'm twelve twelve police
yeah oh well what do you wanna do for
your birthday I don't know what to do
yeah we should do something really fun
okay like way well let's watch TV Wow
are you cool then you need to come to
the coolest party ever
chucky cheese after dark you can turn up
with the one and only charles
entertainment cheese and experience an
all-new type of ball pit come now must
be ten years or order to enter bring
your ID yeah we should go tomorrow yeah
dude we're today why do we go today
because today is Saturday we don't have
school tomorrow oh yeah oh yeah but
today is also my birthday oh yeah you
did just tell us that do what I totally
forgot yeah we gets all about you
turning 1212 he's probably wearing a
wire sneeze all right Joseph you're
acting absolutely ridiculous one more
outburst like that you're going home
dude I'm sorry maybe I'm overreacting
maybe I'm overreacting yeah yeah so
anyway we can go celebrate your birthday
Cody get you're turning to you're
turning that age yeah yeah we you have
to be tenured and up right and then I'm
11 and Joseph 11 and you're 12 I i I'm
calm down I'm gonna calm down alright so
everyone grab your IDs let's go to Chuck
E Cheese
oh man guys I can't wait for this party
and drink ladies I got to see your IDs
to make sure you ten are older oh god
yeah oh hey Roy what's up my man go on
in well you did ID Roy come on dude it's
Roy get hard he doesn't need an ID he'd
get to the Super Bowl without a ticket
we needed to he had a ticket but he
didn't pay for it I'll tell you that
much
okay well I'm here's my ID let's see
here you're 11 years old all right go on
in awesome here's my ID let's take a
look yeah you're 11 go on in here's mine
let's see no sorry kid it says right
here you're three years old but no I'm
not I'm 12 Oh what what's the problem he
says I can't get in because I'm three
years old or how's he three years old
well he was born on February 29th and
there's only been three of those since
2008 so he's three years old you're
three years old can we know I'm 12
I'm sorry kid you can't get in yeah such
Cody we'll see you back at my house guys
sorry kid you're gonna have to get off
the property
chucky cheese
oh look at my laser gun guys you win
without me Cody why don't you go well I
tried but they wouldn't let me in why
would they let you in because they
thought I was three years old junior you
were standing right next to me when it
happened
well are you three years old no I'm 12
well I swear to God if I see 12 what you
go home yeah that's it you're kicked out
the video get out take the tickets
you're gone that's it no not acceptable
unacceptable I'm sorry about that Cody
yeah he needed to go yeah he did so what
you're three years old or something but
no I'm not 3 years old junior and 12 ok
then why'd they think you were 3 years
old ok Junior look I was born on
February 29th now that day has only
happened three times since I've been
born so technically I've only ever had
three birthdays ok so you're three years
old that makes sense no Junior I'm 12
then why have you had 12 birthdays what
Junior look the important thing is that
I don't want to be born on February 29th
well the only thing to do is go back in
time and stop yourself and being born on
that
well I guess I could get a cardboard box
and write time machine on it and make it
into a time machine
well let's do that all right I'll be
right back and going to the UPS Store
okay
behold jr. that's at a time machine Time
Machine Time Machine - dictator patent
pending
whoa a time machine what's it do it's a
time machine Jr lets you travel forward
and backward in time okay this is what I
was thinking I think we should go back
in time to the day before your parents
point and make him blink on that day so
you're born a day before oh that's a
good idea I didn't even think of that
okay so how do we do it well you got to
put a quarter in it or a quarter yeah
well I figured if I was gonna make a
time machine I might as well make a
little bit of money off of it well not
we have to pay a quarter I don't even
have a quarter I have one quarter but we
have to get this right on the first try
okay we'll put it in okay okay so what
day do we have to go nine months before
you were born
so that would be May 28th 2007 yes
there's a nine months of one day before
you're born yeah okay so May 28 2007
though well jr. those buttons don't work
they're just bits of paper oh yeah okay
well we just get it yeah yeah just
discount okay we're here at your parents
house on May 28 2007 we just omit your
parents do it today instead of tomorrow
but jr. how are we gonna make my parents
do it just leave that with me Kui good
night Tyrone I really hope Travis don't
break in and tell us in I sleep oh no
baby the good one plus my cousin already
locked up Hey Baby you wanna fool around
a little bit oh not tonight Tyrone I
have diarrhea oh come on baby
to not know you're lying because that
hasn't stopped us before no means no
Tyrone don't make me ready me to tweet
all right all right you right I gotta
respect your wishes as a woman your body
your choice Oh Tyrone you're so sexy and
hot I have me right now hold baby you
change them up no Tyrone I said no and
that's final
come on baby you must be bad pollo
something cuz
something totally different Tyrone don't
make me call the police all right all
right
God Oh Tyrone okay her line I want to do
it right now all right you come with me
and you're going to jail for a long time
yeah that's right like a mile but baby
I'm sorry no means no Tyrone but you
have fun rotting in jail
Oh Junior you get my dad arrested oh
just try to make up do it but my mom had
diarrhea oh there's not to have diarrhea
tomorrow when they do it well no I guess
not and now they're not gonna do it
tomorrow because my dad's in jail and
now I'll never even be born okay how
about we go to May 29th the day they did
it and we stopped from doing it huh yeah
I guess that would be easier let's get
the time machine good May 29th okay well
me a quarter
dang it mom isn't record over on here oh
look look look what's behind your ear
okay
we're here on May 29th let's stop your
parent from doing it okay but try not to
get anyone arrested this time no one
could get arrested so Tyrone my diary is
all cleared up and I'm ready to go oh
baby you know how to get me to know when
we ran out of toilet paper so oh don't
tease me now don't tease me Oh Tyrone
I'm here you sent me a picture of your
saunas and you told me to come taste it
baby
see this woman in my entire life well
that's what you said about the last few
women who walked into our Rome okay okay
um god I'm cheating on you three times
three different women
she ain't one of them what are you
talking about Tyrone we've been seeing
each other for years now you said you
loved me
oh I think I see what's going on yeah
you are to my knowledge ah ah okay what
would it mean well that means me and her
together
okay no no he said he said he just
wanted me by myself just me and him not
it's ugly why he called you ugly what
you wanted one twig you wanted me you
want me to have his he just wants me by
myself Tyrone I don't understand how
about we just start and then she can
join if he wants to Cody I couldn't stop
them Jenny you could have just taken one
for the team you know it give me the wig
I'll do it Cody's not worth it Junior I
don't want my birthday to be on February
29th I want to go to Chuck E Cheese it's
not worth getting with your parents to
go to Chuck E Cheese yes it is I want to
go better idea how about we go to the
day you were born and we stopped your
mom with giving birth until March first
but how are we supposed to stop her
Junior I don't know distract her
distract her from childbirth well tell
her to hold it in like holding in a poop
I'm not a poop Junior I'm a baby I know
you're a baby you're three years old
yeah I get all the time what okay fine
junior we'll try your idea yes let's go
to February 29th 2008 and stop your mom
giving birth until March first
okay fine we need another quarter oh
then there's probably one of the couch
cushions oh yeah okay here's why
we're here February 29 2008 now I have
to stop your mom from giving birth well
how you gonna do that yeah just watch
and learn Cody watch and learn
yeah it's definitely a girl Oh what the
baby oh I have no idea but don't adapt
it's an emergency we need you the
emergency room stat someone has
coronavirus but what is that oh I forgot
it's judge Nate some kid was running
down the stairs with scissors oh no yeah
get two pairs of scissors or both eyes
both eyes man you hate to see it so they
need you in there to operate stat but
but I'm delivering this baby
well what did here fish breath we need
you right now in the emergency room look
I'll take over okay but have fun Oh
ma'am I need you to listen to me oh I
know I'm already pushing oh no no no I
need to do the opposite don't push suck
it back in y-yeah did you know that
today it's illegal to have babies
well why it's a new law whatever baby's
born today with the center in the space
it may the NASA puts on a spaceship and
send it to Pluto
oh no the government don't want us
having mixed babies yeah yeah that's
what it is so if you have a baby today
they're gonna send it to Pluto so you
better just keep it sucked up but but
I'm in so much pain
come on baby you can hold it you can
hold it for one more day yeah your
baby's gonna be a lot of pain when they
send to Pluto yeah yeah we don't want
that yeah so just Hornet till March
first okay I'll try it for the baby
just keep it holding it and hold it in
yeah just keep doing that for a few more
hours
Oh baby all right doctor I can't hold it
anymore
all right let me take a look now hold on
all right there's something fishy going
on here what that's a balloon or a
balloon yeah help me get this balloon
out what what you get a balloon or shoot
you you're not even pregnant you just
say
just welcoming over Tyrell and I have a
confession to make I can't really get
pregnant I know but I thought you'd be
mad so I just hit a ballon in my shirt
for the last nine months so how we gonna
have a kid that hopefully get successful
so we can live off this money well do
you guys could just a dog
dah yeah you know just adopt a kid hmm I
guess we could adopt a kid I mean I
would have to bring a child support
since he's not hot I don't know what do
I look adopted I have no idea but yeah
you should adopt a kid okay let's adopt
the kid an exotic one okay she wasn't
pregnant li kui your mom wasn't actually
pregnant with junior that's impossible
this is my birthday maybe we got the
date wrong or something weirder Kikuyu
what if you're adopted but Jimmy I'm not
adopted I look just like my parents what
you do well yeah I mean well I look like
my mom you know I have heard you know
like um well like I look like my dad you
know how he has that and I kind of look
you know I'm adopted
yeah I'm adopted that actually explains
a lot now that I'm thinking about it
so who's your real parents jr. I have no
idea my whole life has been a lie but
you're adopted yeah yeah well we should
go back to my house cause I want to play
with my Squishy chuck-e-cheese head okay
yeah
but um I'm at a change oh I found a
quarter in my pocket great yeah so uh
let's go okay make the noise come
oh yeah my Squishy chuck-e-cheese head
lookout squishy Cody it's pretty squishy
jr. what's wrong Cody you're like Mike
you found out you're adopted or
something I did find out I was adopted
no kidding Junior you were the one who
told me is that right Junior you have
the memory of a goldfish Cody who cared
if you're adopted or even born in the
first place all that matters you're here
now thanks a lot
Junior that really helps you know I wish
my parents had told me that I was
adopted
it's just that they hid it so well
where's my doctor or Poisson man hey Dad
look I've been looking for your orphan
but everywhere dad am i adopted adopted
is a strong word son okay but dad who
are my real parents I am your real
father and I will whoopee like a real
father if you'll get back to the house
and blow out the candles oh you're
dobson a cake
yes well cool yeah well we're gonna find
out who your real parents are now we'll
find out someday Junior like next
episode on Dragon Ball Z okay you can
just go home okay happy 12th birthday
man well I swear to God if I see the
pans again
[Music]