all right crafts today is the last day
of school so if you think you're gonna
sit there and do nothing and have a day
off then you're wrong you're going to be
doing the most school work so you don't
forget anything over the summer oh this
sucks thanks teach I wanted some more
knowledge in my noodle before that long
summer break I'm gonna miss school oh I
hate you so I'ma come around and pass
out these worksheets just getting to
pizza party everyone come up here and
get us right I'ma be jamming
[Applause]
shut up nerd
you need some help dude yeah
Pizza more like poop sir I am gonna grab
something and remember Christ only take
one piece of pizza so everyone else in
the cross can have some yeah
cheese pizza where's the pepperoni
jabroni it's right there for me oh man
this pizza looks so good hey wait a
minute Cody you grabbed two pieces of
pizza you're only supposed to grab one
per person I did get one per person one
for me and one for Ken he's a dog dude
he can't eat pizza yes he can't judge
him he's not a dog Joseph ten loves
pizza does him check him out the damn
and wait a minute Joseph you grab three
pieces yeah and I deserve it dude this
is the I'm sorry for slavery Pizza this
is the uh segregation pizza and this is
the reparation slice well you owe us one
bag because we just gave you the Little
Mermaid oh dang you right you right here
here you go and also we just gave you
Splash Mountain too no Splash Mountain
bin races dude yeah it's true okay you
get that one hey wait a minute Penelope
what are you eating it's a pizza
Lunchable Junior but there's real Pizza
up there but that's greasy and gross
your face is greasy and gross
that's mud pepperoni pizza
all right then we'll just have some
cheese that's my cheese pizza
yeah there
fart Pizza well fortunately for you I
like spit fart Pizza
oh my God you two destroy the perfectly
good pizza and you're both fighting on
the rough day at school that is it I'm
calling the principal
oh the principal
oh no no the dream table okay which one
of you two students am I here to punish
finish him
fatality well principal Steinbeck these
two boys were fighting and they drew
Pizza on the floor Pizza on the floor
[Music]
Papa John's Pizza 12 inches 14.99 are
you wasted
let me tell you boy something oh you've
done it now oh I'm about to call your
parents no I'm a meter because I have
the perfect punishment
okay baby all our bags are packed for
our non-refundable trip to Hawaii Marvin
how do you think jeffy's last day of
school went I don't really care all I
know is when he gets out of school we're
heading to the airport to go to Hawaii
Marvin did you pack my toothbrush you
don't have teeth did you pack my
lipstick so you can only put it on your
top lip yeah yeah I got it yay
where is his parents
hey who are you I am your worst
nightmare I am your son's principal oh
did you drop Jeffy off from school yeah
you're told Papa John's Pizza and threw
it on the floor why would you do that
Jeffy because your other kids spitting
farted on it wait he did what
get it up my tongue girls oh you're
suspended for two weeks for fighting
wait wait a minute today was the last
day of school so is it gonna be
suspended for the next two weeks of next
year's class no that's
so you have to show up to school for the
next two weeks or your expelled wait
wait a minute wait a minute he can't
because we have a non-refundable trip to
Hawaii right now well
like your trip is canceled
so he better show up to school and for
the next two weeks or he's expelled and
you two will be arrested for child
neglect
well Jeffy this is all your fault well
it's not my fault that kid's spit and
farted on the pizza Jeffrey why'd you
get the fight over a dumb Pizza you
could have ate all the pizza you wanted
in Hawaii but now we can't go and the
Trip's non-refundable Marvin we can't go
no [ __ ] I don't even talk about the
whole time you're not been listening oh
listen you know what we are still going
all right I'm gonna go back no no Jeffy
you're not going me and Rose are gonna
go and I'm gonna get you a babysitter
that's donkey dick no it's not yes it is
uncircumcised what like guys calm down
listen Jeffy you're the one who decided
to get in trouble so you're not gonna
make me and Rose get punished for your
stupid mistake so me and Rose are gonna
go to Hawaii and I'm gonna call you a
babysitter I'm so mad I can eat my
fingers
hey there somebody call a plumber a what
a plumber do you mean a plumber that's
what I'm saying plumber it has a b in it
the B is silent you should be silent
anyway what do you need me to plumb we
don't need anything plump we just need
someone to watch my son Jeffy why did
you call a plumber if you don't need
anything plumbed I plumb the things
listen me and my wife are leaving for
Hawaii in one hour I grab my phone and
your name was the first name of my
contacts you don't have any contacts
from a to P plumber is the first thing
that came up my name is Brooklyn guy
that means I'm in your phone as plumber
listen can you watch my son or not did
you say you were going to Hawaii yes I
like Hawaiian Punch okay did you like
Hawaiian Punch I I do yeah it's pretty
good so can you watch my son or not
holler what what color Hawaiian Punch do
you like red yeah that's the best one so
can you watch my son until they
redesigned the Hawaiian Punch guy he
looks like a Pixar character now I don't
like it what yeah put up a picture see
that look how they massacred my boy oh
can you watch my son or not wait isn't
he 18 can't he watch himself yes but I
need someone to drop him off at school
for the next two weeks so you're telling
me that car downstairs with his name on
it does not belong to him I don't trust
that he'll ask I drive to school every
day so you want me to drive a grown man
to school every day while you're in
Hawaii yes well it's not fair I want to
go to Hawaii well I don't have anyone to
watch Jeffy so if I find you a
babysitter I can go no then why did you
offer I did it you're the one who
brought it up I came over here thinking
I was going to Hawaii no you did it you
found out about Hawaii once you got here
well I'm thinking about it now listen
you can't go no one can go me and my
wife have to go can you just babysit my
son Jeffy why do I get out of it you get
time away from your wife
true I do hate her how long are you
gonna be gone two weeks two weeks Jesus
what am I supposed to do for two weeks
drop Jeffy at school off every two weeks
I mean for the next two weeks you gotta
be going crazy can you watch him or not
what can I not do in your house what
what do you not want happening in your
house anything bad Define bad are you
gonna do something bad bro what come on
it's me what does that mean you know me
come on what bro okay go baby grab our
bags we're out of here
all right Jeffy listen your parents are
gone so now you can just run around and
do whatever the hell it is you want to
do I don't care just leave me alone okay
so tomorrow I'm gonna take you to school
I'm gonna come back here and make myself
some pancakes okay that's the plan got
it so just run go do what you want to do
oh man this is great there's nothing
better than bumming on somebody else's
couch well nothing better except for a
bumming on somebody else's couch with
Hawaiian Punch I'm gonna go check the
fridge let's see if they get some
Hawaiian Punch oh they do and it's new
they haven't even opened it yet oh my
God I want to take a bath in Hawaiian
Punch oh that's such a good idea oh it's
bath time
[Music]
all right it's all nice and filled up
time to get in
I can't believe I got to spend my first
two weeks of Summer at school this is
all your fault bro no it's all your
fault you're the one who's spitting
farted all over the pizza I spit and
farted on your mom last night you take
that back no welcome imbeciles to Summer
detention
be quiet I need complete silence
this music to my ears oh I love that
sound you too you made me miss my first
two weeks of summer vacation I can't
believe you now I'm stuck here at school
watching y'all you know what I actually
like being here I don't have a life
boy I'm lonely but I'ma make you guys
life a living hell for the next two
weeks you're gonna set a complete
silence wow I paid a birdhouse
oh boy yeah and if I hear a peep out of
any one of you yeah any one of you
you're going to the closet of Doom
what's the closer to do you say no it's
just the most fiery hell blazing closet
you've ever seen
well is actually an ordinary closet I'm
just trying to scare you but just don't
say anything shots while I paint my
birdhouse
hey what's that hey Bubba I want some
bubble Bubba no you don't get no Hubba
Bubba it's my Hubble bubble I just want
a piece bro come on no you farted and
spit on my pizza you're not getting my
Hubble bubble give me that [ __ ] off
you are here talking
oh
go off the time
yes time for real pain
and you go
[Laughter]
okay we're back from Hawaii ow I'm so
sunburnt and bruised I told you not to
swing on the hammock but it looked like
so where's Jeffy who Jeffy who my son oh
[ __ ] oh yeah I I dropped him off at
school like two weeks ago and I never
went back to pick him up well you did go
pick him up no I forgot sorry
I'm about to go to the school and see
what's going on oh wait wait wait wait
wait just just one more thing uh I I I
saw some Hawaiian punch in your fridge
and I thought it would be cool to take a
bath in Hawaiian Punch so I did so now
your bathtub is all red and sticky yeah
yeah well yes sorry about that
hey hey you like my birdhouse I painted
it myself it took me two weeks pretty
neat huh yeah so where's my son oh he's
in hell hell oh yeah yeah the closet of
Doom
that closet right there yeah
uh Jeffy you got any fours go fish oh
hey Daddy what are you kids doing we've
been in the closet for two weeks we've
been pooping in the corner and the only
thing we've had to eat is Hubba Bubba
every time I fart I blow a bubble yeah
I'm pretty constipated kids get out of
there Jeffy I am so sorry you were left
at school for two weeks are you okay
what
I'm sorry I had something in my ear I
think I got it well Jeffy at least you
got your detention over with
[Music]
thank you
[Music]