hey Daddy ask me why I have this Bell no
well I'm going to tell you anyway I'm
tired of crapping my pants and sitting
in it all day so you're going to start
using the bathroom well hold on Daddy I
got even better idea so every time I
ring this Bell that's going to let you
guys know that I took a huge crap in my
pants and I need one of you to change me
Jeffy you're 18 years old hush I'm
talking every time I ring this Bell it's
going to signal to you guys that a huge
heaping pile of Jeffy dung has has
exited my tur tunnel into my shorts so
let me paint the picture for you Daddy
I'm not wearing any underwear I'm only
wearing denim shorts and a diaper so
when I ring this Bell that means a big
pile of Jeffy feal has pushed through my
denim shorts into my diaper and one of
you needs to change me we're not going
to change you Jeffy you're an
adult uhoh you know what that that means
they're
[ __ ] change me I will now Pat and smear
mommy is this what a pat smear
is oh [ __ ] cut it out Jeffy no we're
not changing you you're an adult you're
going to sit in it all day until you
learn to change yourself look we're just
going to watch TV Buzz buz bus oh hey
there do you like Honey Nut Cheerios
well in one lucky box box of Honey Nut
Cheerios you could possibly find a pair
of Honey Nut Cheerios shoes so go out
there and buy all the Honey Nut Cheerios
buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz buzz
buzz do you see those shoes I need those
shoes I need you to take me to the store
right now so we can buy all your boxes
of Honey Nut Cheerios okay Jeffy listen
whenever we go to the store I'll buy you
one box of Honey Nut Cheerios and see if
you win what box only one box I need all
the boxes right now to make sure I get
those shoes Jeffy listen we don't have
the money to buy all those box of cereal
well what about the credit card I'm not
going to run up my credit card buying a
bunch of box of cereal on the chance you
might win some shoes ah you're ruining
my life Marvin why don't you take him to
the store and get him a box because baby
he doesn't want one box he wants all the
boxes and also this sounds like a scam
just to get you people to buy more
cereal I bet you those shoes don't even
exist
Daddy has left his wallet by the front
door father has royally effed
[Music]
up wow you must really like Honey Nut
Cheerios I'm looking for shoes Okay this
isn't the shoe aisle um I I I hope
you're planning on buying all these I am
okay
[Music]
all right I spent $2,000 on Cheerios
those shoes have to be in
here
no no where are
they
no this is bull
crap where are those shoes at
no they're not in
here Jeffy have you seen my
wallet Jeffy where are you at
Jeffy Jeffy Jeffy
boaaa Jeffy what are you doing they're
not here Daddy the shoes are not here
what shoes the Honey Nut Cheerio shoes
what je me where did you get all these
Cheerios from I took your credit Cardon
I went to the store and I bought all the
boxes of Honey Nut Cheerios that they
had you are
so hey how much was this
$2,000 and you're telling me the shoes
aren't in here no I was I was upset too
Daddy you think for that amount of money
that the shoes would be in here and
they're not I can't believe you did this
Ed I cannot believe you I mean this is
the lowest thing you've ever done let's
go talk to your mother your mother has
to hear this come on yes sir baby what's
wrong Marvin oh Jeffy you tell her cuz I
can't even think of the words Mommy I am
a [ __ ] Jeffy don't say that Marvin
no it's true Jeffy tell her just tell
her oh yeah Mommy I'm sure you'll agree
what I did once is I took Daddy's credit
card and spent $2,000 on Honey Nut
Cheerios chiffy but did you get the
shoes now don't beat me to the funny
part no I didn't but what I did do was
is I dumped all the Honey Nut Cheerios
on the table and then I hid in the big
pile of them and then when daddy walked
by I tried to scare him by going ugab
Booga a you were playing peekaboo yeah
except for when I went Boo at d he
didn't P us so good no listen that's not
the point of the thing listen baby he
spent $2,000 on my credit card on cereal
to get shoes that he didn't even get and
also not to mention the big pile of
Cheerios on the table downstairs I'm
jaing the biggest mes you'll ever see
I'm sure there's not that many Cheerios
Marvin oh there's so many just think of
the biggest pile of Cheerios you could
ever think and double it twice in your
head that's how big it is yeah it's
pretty big mommy I'm actually pretty
proud of it you want to see it yeah
let's go see baby look oh my God you
eating mommy my cholesterol is about to
be lower than my
syndrome je you're not even eating them
you just thrown them all over the place
well it's not my fault my hand mouth
coordination is off listen stop it we
have going back upstairs come on no more
eating cereal oh man Jeffy I just can't
believe you Danny I don't think you
understand the real problem here I still
don't have the shoes do you want me to
go to another store and see if I can get
some more Cheerios no Jeffy you're not
buying any more Cheerios i c to my
credit cards so you can't buy anymore
okay well how am I supposed to get to
shoot Jeffy the shoes do not exist they
don't exist well what about the
commercial the commercial's lying it's a
scam Jeffy it's it's a scam from the
cereal company to get people to go out
and buy cereal to hopefully get shoes
that don't exist so just go to bed and
think about all the stupid things you
did
today my life
sucks I guess I'll go to bed without the
shoes here I go off to bed not happy cuz
I don't have the shoes
[Music]
look at me at school sad cuz I hate my
life yes that's good seeing other people
sad makes me
happy oh my God PJ your new shoes are so
cool yeah I know they're so hot where
did you get them well was just eating
Honey Nut Cheerios and they were just
right there in the cereal box you're so
lucky PJ yeah yeah not everyone can have
Honey Nut Cheerio shoes huh he has the
shoes he has the shoes you got the new
cheero shoes where did you get them from
back off give PJ some space yeah now
ladies ladies let the man admire the
shoes go ahead look where did you get
the Cheerios shoes from I found them in
a cereal box well no dick I bought so
many boxes of Cheerios and it didn't
have the shoes in it how many boxes did
you open to get the shoes I got these on
the first try that's what ridiculous I
want those shoes what can I do to get
the shoes PJ's not going to give you his
shoes yeah Okay ladies stop trying to
speak for PJ cuz it's starting to piss
him off and then the p and PJ is going
to stand for pissed off Jam's cring Shaw
and you do not want to see pissed off
jamm's cring Shaw sorry PJ okay so you
want my shoes right yes what can I do to
get the shoes well you can't buy shoes
like these so you're going to have to
trade me for them okay what do you want
well you smell like [ __ ] well that's
because I crapped my panty under day and
my daddy didn't change me for 18 hours
okay well I like your helmet okay youj
don't trade your shoes for his helmet
okay you're
done yeah get out of here you're done
too just can't find good women okay
sorry about that so yeah I want your
helmet okay you can have it yeah it'll
look great with my PJs and it'll protect
my head when I'm using my techex cuz I
don't want to hurt myself okay deal deal
deal deal deal or no deal deal B Dam
daddy pee These Hoes Jeffy you got the
shoes sure did Mommy and I'm feeling
like a pimp Jeffy how much those shoes
cost you actually Daddy it didn't cost
me anything all I did was trade my
helmet peep the no helmet and the wicked
do Jeffy you need your helmet helmet
Shelmet you know who needs a helmet Mike
Snicker pippet who's Mike Snicker pippet
I don't know but he might need a helmet
did you give your helmet in Mike Snicker
pippet I don't know ask Mike Snicker
pippits I don't know Mike Snicker
pippits well you might need a helmet
well I don't have time for these games
Jeffy I'm still $2,000 in credit card
debt cuz you buy a bunch of cereal and
open it and pour it on the table
downstairs well Danny you can always
return the cereal I cannot return open
cereal Jeffy sure you can Danny if you
don't like it you can return it Marvin
they might give you in store credit okay
fine I'll call the store where'd you buy
it at Target okay I'll call Target and
see if they'll give me store credit or
something Jeffy they're so cute look the
little Cheerios and has a little be on
hold on mommy back off don't touch them
I don't want your germs on them okay I
just called Target and they said they're
going to send an employee here to see if
they can return all those items we
bought that must be them hello hey it's
Brooklyn guy from Target not Alex from
Target he was on Ellen I don't know what
the [ __ ] that was about it's not really
fair to everybody else who works at
Target that he gets to be on TV just cuz
he's hot I wonder what he's doing these
days hopefully not still working at
Target although working at Target kind
of worked out for him cuz it got to be
on TV so who knows anyway you called me
cuz you wanted to return something I
mean we don't usually show up to your
house like this but to be honest I was
kind of curious well my son bought a
bunch of box of cereal and I went oh
yeah I remember him yeah he just cleaned
out all the Honey Nut Cheerios then like
a bunch of 80-year-olds came in after
they were like where are all the huny
Cheerios and I had to explain that a kid
bought them and they were all pretty
angry well I would like to return the
cereal oh yeah that's no problem as long
as it's not open it is it open uh maybe
a few boxes well you can return the ones
that aren't open okay yeah sure okay
okay here they are mhm okay so where are
the ones that haven't been opened um I
think they've all been opened M mhm yeah
no no you can't return these well why
not what do you mean why not I can't
just put these back in the box and then
feed them to people well look the ones
on the top haven't touched the table
look the these down here are bad but
these are all good we can put these back
in the Box mm- mm- no no it doesn't work
like that well can you at least give me
store credit come on well see the
problem with that is that I don't know
how I'm going to explain to my boss why
I'm giving you $2,000 in store credit
just because you bought a bunch of
Cheerios dumped them on a table and then
didn't eat them listen my son was just
looking for those like Cheerio SHO shoes
did he find them no oh that's a shame
man those things are going for
$10,000 did you say $110,000 for those
shoes yeah 10,000 smackaroonies well um
who who would pay that for those I mean
I would I really want those I mean I
know I don't have feet but I still think
it'd be pretty cool okay uh well my son
actually did find them okay you
literally just told me you didn't have
them because I didn't know how you'd
react if I told you he had them what
it's not a Powerball ticket their shoes
I just happen to want them oh okay
listen listen so my son has them so
you'll give me $10,000 if I show you the
shoes show me the shoes to prove that
you have them cuz this this whole thing
is very weird come on come on come on
okay here's the Cheerio shoe those are
not the Cheerio shoes Jeffy what
happened to your Cheerio shoes I traded
them back to Mike Snicker pippet for my
helmet because I missed it I'm sorry
Mike who Snicker pippet Jeffy be serious
this nice man right here was going to
give us
$10,000 for those Cheerio shoes well he
can go buy them from Mike Snicker
pippits okay I'm sorry who is Mike
Snicker pippits he's a guy in my class
and he wears pajamas and sunglasses is
inside okay that sounds like a lie well
it's not he's real and he's inside knock
knock who's there Mike Snicker pippits
Mike Snicker pippet who Mike Snicker
pippet let me in it's cold out here jeez
okay I'm just going to go no no no what
about the cereal you you you keep it oh
God the
$10,000 Jeffy why' you do this to me
Jeffy well Daddy let me tell you
something
[Music]
o