Jeffy what are you doing I'm in my lion
costume daddy a lion doesn't go well
this one does Jeffy look take your
costume off it's not Halloween no Daddy
I just want to put it on you make sure
it was scary
is it scary no it's not scary Jeffy well
I bet if I ate some
eight something be scary
you're not Jeffrey Dahmer you're a lion
well my name's
names
I'm playing at the playground with my
pencil no shoes and my pants are down
this is a good day
foreign
so baby yeah Marvin jeffy's outside and
we're all alone oh so I was thinking
maybe I can give you a full body massage
okay Marvin I see where this is going
see what it leads to
[Music]
you're sick I got you Marvel that's
disgusting let's do it again know that
the news is on to watch the news
breaking news Okay a lion has escaped
from the local zoo and attacked a child
at a park we have an exclusive interview
with the child now let's go to that so I
was at the park with my favorite Panther
that I always bring with me to the park
and then suddenly a lion attacked me and
I stabbed him in your nose wow truly
terrifying if you've seen this lion
please call 9-1-1 immediately there's a
ten thousand dollar reward for anyone
who finds him
oh thank God Jeffy there you are you
have to go inside right now there's a
line on the loose don't you yell at me
Jeffy get inside why Jeffy knock it off
oh good Marvin you found Jeffy yeah but
he won't stop acting like a lion
wow Jeffy your roar's gotten really good
Jeffy just go to your room
what did he do Marvin he clawed open the
couch Jeffy you're not a real lion you
can't do that yeah Jeffy go cut your
fingernails
wow oh it's gonna cost so much money to
fix the couch all right World hear me
roar roar hey what's going on gotcha you
little bastard don't worry everybody I
caught the lion where are you taking me
with a talking lion no no no I think I
still have some of those brownies in my
system come on let's go put you down oh
baby yeah oh I love the way that feels
oh I'm almost there oh okay what are you
doing I'm beating my meat oh leave me
alone let me beat it in peace I could
help Cody I know how to beat my meat by
myself okay leave me alone I could use
my mouth just get out of here get out of
here little brats god what happened to
my me
Junior what's wrong Chef Pee Pee what
did you guys do with my meat well we
didn't do anything with it you wouldn't
let me help look I was beating my meat
then you guys came in there and bothered
me now it's gone I'm sorry for
interrupting but I can help you get it
back up yeah help me get it back all
right whip it out no no not bad I'm
talking about mistake steak what steak
oh my God God Cody Marvin what's wrong
Chef PeePee have you guys seen my meat
what senior meat yes it's big and floppy
I was just beating it in the kitchen
what no we haven't seen your meat come
on now somebody seen it because somebody
grabbed it now tell me who grabbed it I
didn't grab your meat did you grab it no
I didn't grab your meat I know you
grabbed it you look like you grabbed me
come on
tonight baby you grabbed this meat
Marvin I didn't grab his meat now I
wouldn't blame you if you wanted to
taste something what what no we didn't
taste it look tell me who grabbed it and
I'll give you a taste of it I promise
I'm gonna call the cops you're being
perverted Chef Pee perverted I'm just
talking about my steak steak yes look he
has it what Jeff are you Asian baby
steak or give it back get my meat out
your mouth
give it up sorry Chef Pee Pee yeah
that's my meat don't touch my meat no
more Japanese you know what you're
grounded for taking Chef peepee's meat
come on all right Jeffy lay down and go
to sleep it's past your bedtime anyway
hey you better calm down you're lucky
I'm letting you wear your line costume
to bed
go to sleep
so Marvin did you get Jeffy to bed yeah
but he was fighting it so we're alone
again yeah do you want to give me
another back massage oh no I'm not gonna
fall for that again miss tooth Columbo
well come on Marvin how about if I give
you a back massage okay that's what I'm
talking about okay lay down foreign
hey Marvin look up real quick what
I'm leaving you I'm leaving
the the news
[Music]
breaking news okay the lion that escaped
from the zoo has been found since the
animal attacked someone he has been
deemed too dangerous to keep alive he is
being euthanized by firing squad
tomorrow on pay-per-view thank God they
caught that line before it hurts someone
oh my eyes are so itchy what's wrong
Marvin my eyes are itchy oh my God your
eyes are pink they're pink why would
they be pink I don't know maybe
thing call the doctor okay I'm gonna
call the doctor
somebody call a very happy doctor why
are you so happy because I caught the
lion you lion no no I'm not Hey listen
here okay it was on the news there was
proof they said he paid me to catch that
lion okay I don't appreciate you calling
me a liar because I caught the lion and
it's gonna be executed tomorrow morning
by firing squad on pay-per-view anyway
why'd you call me because my eyes are
pink well that could be caused by one of
two things either you've been having
some of those special brownies I make or
you got pink eye what's pink eye once
when you get [ __ ] in your eye what yeah
you get some fecal particles in your eye
and it makes them all red and itchy but
fecal particles yeah you know doodoo how
do you get in my eye well I don't know
uh I guess sometimes when you're wiping
your butt you know and your finger
breaks through the toilet paper you get
some poo poo on your finger and then you
rub your eye and then you know you get
pink who would do that you apparently no
that's not what I did could it happen
from someone farting in your face yeah
but why would that ever happen what if
your wife did it to you twice what oh my
god did she do that it was a yeah she
fart right in my face no no do you want
to press charges I would like to yeah
because she fart right my face it was
wet and stinky
if my wife did that to me they would
make a Netflix documentary about what I
did I would kill her you listen how do I
fix the pink eye well I could give you
some uh you know some antibiotic eye
drops but I don't have those on me so
you'd have to go to a pharmacy like
Walgreens or CVS or Walmart Pharmacy or
Kmart is that still a thing no I don't
think they had pharmacies when they were
around so don't go there okay so what do
I do well just don't let her fart on you
again but definitely get that looked at
it's so itchy sorry you gave me pink eye
I'm sorry all right everyone my meat is
ready who wants to taste it oh I'll try
it all right baby while you taste his
meat I'm gonna go ask Jeff if he's
hungry because he hasn't ate anything
for dinner okay
wow Jeffy are you hungry
Jeffy listen there's a steak in there if
you want to eat some okay mister for
raising your voice at me now you have to
eat green beans so come on come on baby
I'm gonna go feed Jeffy green beans
because he talked back to me how was
Chef peepee's meat oh it was really good
nice
see wait there's no bite taken out of
the steak
PP Why I oughta duh I'm gonna go feed
Jeffy green beans
Jeffy stop chewing on the table
I got you a big old plate of green beans
so eat up
Mister you are so
come on
what no no Jeffy threw his plate of
green beans on the ground Marvin he
always does that well I'm sick of it so
you're grounded Jeffy
and also I found out that Jeffy has
homework oh but why don't you help him
with it Marvin okay Jeffy I'll help you
with your homework okay what is the
estimate of
3.596 plus 2.4 anyway Jeffy you're the
one in school not me you're the one has
to do this homework
[Applause]
oh my God
your hand called the doctor Jimmy I
might press charges on you know that
you're 18 you might go to jail oh my God
my hand hurts so bad I'm gonna call
doctor
hey there somebody call a dog my head
hey you are not gonna raise your voice
in me sir okay we're gonna use our
inside voices like adults now tell me
what happened my hand Jesus Christ look
at your hand what happened oh my God has
anybody seen his hand my son bit my hand
what your son did that yeah
that's not your son that's a lion he's
just in a lion costume huh how about
that wow that is a really realistic lion
costume way to get it Spirit Halloween
no he did not get that at a Spirit
Halloween now if you don't want to tell
me just say so listen what are we gonna
do about my head man that's pretty torn
up you want to press charges yeah
because he didn't even say he was sorry
nah that looks pretty bad you might need
stitches it hurts really bad hold on
hold on I'm having a flashback here
hmm
oh my God what I just remembered I
didn't wash my hands after I wiped ew
I'm gonna get pink eye now on me hey you
already have pink eye what are you
kidding that's gross wait wait I'm
having another thought huh that lion I
caught was in your front yard you lying
[ __ ] I already told you that it was on
the news there's proof okay what were
you talking about what were you talking
about I damn it I forgot you you were
saying something or try to remember
backtrack okay hold on stinky fingers
pink eye wipe it on you interrupting cow
you said there's a lion in my front yard
yes yes the lion I caught was in your
front yard and he could talk you lying
hey okay I I'll kill you you take it
okay he's not a lion could talk Lions
can't talk oh this lion could talk hold
on make your lion talk Jeffy say hi say
what's up
he can't talk this Lane can't talk but
the lion I caught said he wasn't a lion
so he wasn't lying huh maybe he wasn't
lying maybe he really wasn't a lion
maybe I caught your son what and if I
caught your son then that means
oh
what do we do I don't know man the only
lion I ever caught was your son and he
came quietly
[Applause]
come on think of something hmm
I have an idea
oh man that is some good cat nip I can
see why cats love it so much oh Marvin
Marvin look at the lion he he's just
lying around
so he's not a lion he's a hyen
because he is suited out of his goddamn
mind man's is stuck
oh man this is great but we gotta stop
doing this to fix some problems wait
wait I gotta go save Jeffy before he's
executed by firing squad tomorrow
morning and
he's not waking up okay okay come on
come on
hey Marvin I saved Jeffy just in the
nick of time too they were about to blow
his head off yeah I felt like I was in
Call of Duty good that's that's good
wait you guys ate catnip without me help
yourself
today was a wacky day
okay all right you know what that's it
oh I'm good I'm leaving that was
disgusting
[Music]