yeah i'm just gonna lay back watch some
tv and enjoy my drink hey pointy can we
put up christmas lights tonight please
put up christmas lights it's the day
before christmas eve putting up
christmas lights would be totally
pointless at this point we're just gonna
take him down in three days but boyney
we're the only house in the neighborhood
that doesn't have christmas lights
that's because we're the only house in
the neighborhood that's smart enough not
to raise our electric bill it wouldn't
raise it that much oh that's easy for
you to say because you don't have a job
i pay the bills but pointy how will
santa claus see our house without
christmas lights nobody in this house
believes in santa claus what about your
daughter oh come on penelope's way too
smart to believe in santa claus watch
penelope get in here what dad do you
believe in santa claus yeah see she
doesn't believe wait what you believe in
santa claus how old are you you don't
know how old i am
yeah of course i know how old you are i
know how old my own daughter is
hold on don't tell me uh when did me and
your mom get divorced wait okay what
month is your birthday oh my god i hate
you oh come on
say she doesn't believe in santa claus
pointy who's gonna help me put lights up
please help me it's not gonna be me
because i'm not having a good day i'm
tired my shirt has a stain on it and
this is my favorite shirt okay i'm not
in the mood to do it tonight find
somebody
what who else that be
hello hey production guy mom wants to
know if you're coming to our house for
christmas hell no
boingy who is that on the phone it's
just my brother jonathan oh is that your
wife tell her that daddy says hi she
don't know who it is i'm not telling her
that boiny ask him if he's ever hung
christmas lights i'm not gonna ask him
if he's hung up
your wife asked me if i'm hung
tell her i'm hung like a horse
you jonathan boiny since you won't hang
christmas lights for me maybe he will is
your wife asking if i can hang her
christmas lights
i'm on my way
jonathan
look what you did now i have to see my
brother but boyney that's good family
time no not with him it's not
no no no that can't possibly be him
hello cover your eyes you shove your
eyes oh shoot your eyes why it's a
surprise what is it just stretch me and
cover your eyes i'm not coming outside
until you give me a hint let's just say
santa came a little early this year that
doesn't sound good just come on okay
okay don't peek don't peek only open
your eyes when i tell you to you better
not have your wiener out again jonathan
that was one time i swear okay open them
i don't see anything you have to turn
around
oh my god jonathan you put lights on our
house jonathan you're so amazing thank
you jonathan
are you here jetbreaking guy you're like
screaming my name jonathan you didn't
even stick with a theme it's just a mess
you've got a manger and you got santa in
a speedboat pointy it's the thought that
counts he did something nice for me
something that you wouldn't do oh you
hear a jetbroken guy i please your wife
i did something that you can't do i just
didn't feel like doing it jonathan
jonathan you should come inside oh
you're here yeah guy
jesus christ jonathan
this couch is so comfy do you mind if i
stay the night no leave i believe your
wife asked me to come inside not the
first time asked me to do that jonathan
i'm so glad that you came how would you
know is your sting oh and she'll
embarrass you jonathan just go fine but
before i go i'm making my list to santa
do you want me to write anything on
there for you you're writing a letter to
santa claus jonathan you're 30 years old
santa isn't real you don't believe in
santa no jonathan we have this
conversation every year there is no such
thing as santa claus but i have proof
jonathan the the movie the santa claus
with tim allen is not proof well fine
i'll leave but before i go i'll make
sure that you believe no matter what i
do okay great just leave fine nonsense
believer
all right baby i'm out if you need me
you got my number no she doesn't man i'm
so glad he's gone
did you hear the door close
i'm gonna go make sure he left
what he left my door open well at least
he left
i need to get a restraining order on him
jonathan what are you doing in my tree i
i just lost in the way out no you did it
get out of here you're fine go go get
get out of my house
i'm gonna make him believe in santa
jesus christ did you see that see that's
why he's not allowed over here he's
annoying but pointy he's so nice though
nice you think him making inappropriate
jokes every two seconds is nice boyney
he's your brother you love him no no i
don't love him i don't even believe he's
related to me he doesn't look like me
i'm just really stressed out and i want
to go to bed pointy you should go say
goodnight to your daughter she doesn't
like me of course she does pointy you're
her father you only get to see her one
night the whole year go spend time with
her tell her you love her and that she
means a lot to you and you work really
hard to take care of her yeah yeah you
know what karen you're right i do work
hard i'm gonna go upstairs and tell her
how much i love her okay i'm just gonna
go in there and talk to my daughter yeah
i'm gonna be like hey penelope ah now i
gotta give her like a cute nickname like
i'm a cool dad like like hey penny
no i don't like that um hey hey lopey
hopey that's a fat name i'm just gonna
wing it
hey there beanie weenie beanie weenie
what the hell does that mean no i've
never called her that my entire life
that doesn't even make sense
okay listen penelope i'm i'm not really
good at this whole talking thing or even
really being a dad for that matter i
mean you were an accident i mean not
like a bad accident like a like a good
accident like like when you get
rear-ended and then the person hits you
really hard and you think that your car
is going to be totaled but then you get
out and look at it and it's really not
that bad it's just a little dent in the
back and you can probably buff it out
you know it's that's like you and then
you you learn to love the dent because
it's it's your dent you know it's what
makes that car your car it's it's just a
little dent in your car that helps you
tell it apart from other cars that's
that's you you're my dent you know like
when i'm in the walmart parking lot
there's two cars right next to each
other look identical i know which one's
mine because it's the one with the big
dent in the back and and that's you
you're my nice little den it could be a
nickname denty that that kind of sucks
listen penelope i what i'm trying to say
is i love you and i i probably shouldn't
i'm probably not around as much as i
should be and it's because i'm working
you know i want to take care of you i
mean what would you rather would you
rather that i was around all the time
and we'd be poor or i'm not around as
much because i'm working and we'd be not
as poor but i mean i can still afford to
buy you things like like fortnight and
those nice headphones you have
that you you can't hear me can you
you're not even listening
penelope penelope what what dad what are
you doing here i just i wanted to i i i
don't i don't know
so boingy what did she say oh she said
she loves me so much and i'm the best
dad ever oh that's so sweet party yeah
so boy needy wanna fool around no
there's been plenty of fooling around
already tonight come on boingy get me
some sugar no i'm not the moo your
brother john it that would give me
attention oh oh i'm sorry so you want me
to be like jonathan huh well jonathan
pees the bed do you want me to pee the
bed okay i'll be the bed no that's not
what i meant no it's too late i'll be in
the bed boy you better not i just
cleaned your sheets i'm joking i don't
even have to go
okay so i'm gonna break into his house
leave a bunch of presents and the broken
guy is gonna have to believe is
real now to get this door open and just
nice roasting on an open fire
jack frost sniffing us your nose we wish
you a merry christmas we wish you a
merry christmas we wish you a merry
christmas and a happy new year
yeah once broken guy sees all these
prisons he's gonna have to believe in
santa well it's time to get out of here
no
one of the ornaments fell
santa would not let that happen time to
put it back
wow it's really high up there
silent night
holy night
oh
i hope broken guy didn't hear that i
tried to pick up this tree so he doesn't
notice
picking up your christmas tree because i
dropped it on the ground
brooklyn guy would be so mad at me if he
found out i wasn't santa claus
okay what was that noise what if it's a
robber party i'm gonna go check it out
what the hell is going on what ah you
can't guy somebody get this damn tree
off me so brooklyn guy do you believe in
santa claus now jonathan what are you
doing in my house i'm not jonathan i'm
santa claus santa claus oh hey baby
lucky for you this santa comes more than
once a year what jonathan get out of
here it's not before i get my milk and
cookies
don't you dare touch my damn milk and
cookies porsche milk
milk chocolate chip cookies in my sami
day so yummy hope guys doesn't
kill me what's all that noise
santa what are you doing here you came
early not again jonathan i'm gonna kill
you dad santa's here that's not santa
claus that's
that that's uh that that's uh that's
saint nicholas is who that is that's his
full name oh my god dad you're always so
technical santa's here
your father called me and asked me to
come over and see what you wanted for
christmas oh my god dad you know santa
yeah yeah we're we're real tight we're
like brothers yeah wish your type your
dad said i could even eat all of his
cookies and i don't know about that i
think i said you could have one or two
no you definitely said every single one
dad oh my god this is the coolest thing
ever you're the coolest dad ever but
really
okay well you better get to bed because
me and santa need to talk oh okay okay
jonathan that was a very nice thing you
did so i'm not gonna call the police but
you are the police i know i know but i'm
not gonna press charges for all the
destruction you did in my living room
and for breaking into my house that was
not me jonathan just get out of my house
okay okay i'm just gonna take these and
be on my way no no no you leave the
cookies oh come on with your christmas
spirit
what a ridiculous night but that was so
nice of jonathan oh yeah it was really
nice how he broke into our house
destroyed our christmas tree and ate all
our cookies very nice oh but he made
penelope so happy you know whatever
uh good night point a good night cameron
oh
boingy
karen i told you i'm not in the mood
then what are you poking me with that's
my candy cane jonathan what the hell are
you doing in here get out of here
[Music]
you