so guys what do you want to do today you
guys want to make a gumball machine Cody
how would we make a gumball machine we
don't even know how to make one yeah we
never made one in our life dude well I
have this gumball machine maker wao is
that a gumball machine making kit yeah
dude this is dope wait no this is a
gumball machine maker what are you
talking about this is a machine that
makes gumball machines no I think this
just makes a gumball machine no no no
see if I called you a pizza maker Cody
that means you make pizzas right yeah so
this is a gumball machine maker so it
makes gumball machines I think it just
makes one gumball machine then I'm suing
them because it says gumball machine
maker so when I put a quarter in this
machine it better pop out a gumball
machine Junior I don't think this
company has a lot of money well look it
says right here from ages 6 to 12 plus
why doesn't it just say 6 Plus yeah I
mean I guess you're right I don't even
think a six-year-old could make a
gumball machine let alone a machine that
makes gumball machines and right here it
says customize your gumball machine in
nearly Limitless configurations but
right here it says it's only 12 well it
does say nearly Limitless so I guess the
limit is 12 it was either going to be 12
or infinity and they couldn't make
infinity work
hold on my phone's ringing hold on guys
it's my mom hello mommy did you call to
give me kisses through the phone I have
my lips up to the phone I'll feel them
Cody I'm leaving your father what is it
this time I caught him cheating on me I
hit a tape recorder in his car and I
heard him banging eight other women in
one week it was only eight look one for
each day of the week there's seven days
in a week damn I forgot I hit two in one
day I got a little greedy now you want
to punish me I'm tired of you cheating
Tyrone I don't even want to cheat I'm
I'm out here trying to help these women
I'm a giver look I'm just trying to help
God gave me this penis for a reason oh
you're so generous oh yeah thank you
finally acknowledging it God woman well
anyway Cody I'm coming to pick you up
and I'm going to take you to Prairie
Village Kansas you're going to visit
your aunt Fay and your uncle sker I
don't like Uncle sker he makes me sit on
his lap and he looks at me weird now
Cody you know uncle sker has a glass eye
because the town shot him with a BB gun
for being weird around kids yes that's
exactly my point it's okay hey Cody he
on probation you don't have to worry
I'll be there in 5 minutes guys I got to
go to Kansas why Kansas well my mom's
leaving my dad again they'll get back
together she just likes to leave every
now and then to pretend she still has
dignity is that her already yeah she
drives like a maniac you know what would
be funny if I answer the door and tell
her you're not even here like you've
been missing sure it's not like she's
going through a lot or anything I'll go
hide in the bathroom so she gets extra
worried okay hello hey there I'm here to
pick up Cody and take him to Kansas to
see his uncle sker uncle SK is very
excited maybe a little too excited who's
Uncle sker oh he's Cody's creepy Uncle
he has a glass eye and he likes to put
it in his pocket and make Cody fish
around for it that's silly Uncle sker I
keep telling him the town's going to
come back for his other eye but he just
won't listen oh well Cody's not here
what I just talked to him on the phone
no Cody's not here he hasn't been here
in like a week oh well can I come in
anyway I'm sad sure thanks for letting
me inside for future reference you
shouldn't let strangers in your house I
found that out the hard way when I was
11 we were about to make this gumball
machine maker oh cool I left my husband
for cheating on me he's a Serial cheater
and now he won't let me back in the
house so where are you and Cody going to
live now well we're going to stay with
Uncle ska for a while and then after
that we're probably going to be homeless
that's okay I've been homeless before I
lived on the streets when I was 12 no
way you were actually homeless born and
rais oh have you ever lived in a
dumpster oh I've done everything in a
dumpster I ODed I've got DP I've got
COPD and I got arrested by the NYPD you
name it that's crazy have you ever eaten
a rat oh I love rat I still eat it
sometimes oh man I love me a good rat
shish kebab oh it's delicious but it's
so hard to find a damn stick have you
ever grabbed a pum and just shaken it
really [ __ ] hard until it bit you oh
that's my favorite game to play I always
get like 4 seconds though 7 Seconds
right here oh you're a Savage man I
don't know why your husband would cheat
on you you're pretty cool yeah maybe I'm
just an ugly honky n you not ugly you
know you're a solid four maybe a four
and a half on a good day really you mean
it yeah yeah you got green eyes and [ __ ]
oh you're so nice dude like Cody's mom
is actually pretty chill yeah I mean you
guys are getting along really well I'm
going to go use the bathroom oh when I
lived in New York I used to pee in the
Subway the restaurant I'd sit at one of
the tables and just let it go they
thought somebody spilled lemonade but no
today a surprise piss oh come
on no way hey Cody what are you doing uh
nothing hold on I I I need your opinion
which one looks bigger e Cody I don't
want to see that oh come on bro be cool
it's not weird that's weird I don't want
to see that tell me which one looks
bigger no homo come pretend it's not
mine but one or two tell me here's one
there's two one or two can I see one
again okay there's one there's two two
why two though because I I don't know
but what is it about two that makes you
like that one uh I guess the angle oh
the angle okay I'll remember that okay
so check one again yeah two okay two
good so you liked two that's good to
know why you even taking those photos
well you know I just I was peeing and I
thought damn it's looking good today and
I wanted to remember that hey Junior
what has 32 teeth and holds back the
Incredible Hulk what my zipper not in
those photos yeah you're right looks
more like Jack Jack but just wait until
it gets angry so anyway is my mom crying
cuz she's so worried about me uh no
she's actually talking with Joseph and
having a good time Joseph why like
they've both been homeless before and
they just like they they're bonding
about being homeless oh that's dumb well
come on I got to go to Kansas and then
the homeless guy lost the bet and I got
to bite his finger off oh Joseph you are
a hoop oh yeah you're not too bad
yourself Mama come on Mom let's go to
Kansas now hold on Cody I think I want
to stay here for a few more hours and
hang out with your friend Joseph why Mom
that's weird hop off now Cody I can have
friends I'm going through a lot right
now yeah she a grown woman let her live
hey ginger kid you got a bathroom or do
I have to pull a Subway right here on
your couch oh the bathroom's down that
Hall thanks I got to take a front [ __ ]
what does that even mean yo Cody I'm not
going to lie bro you have one of the
coolest most bangable moms ever wow
thanks Joseph but wait what was that one
word you just said coolest no after that
most after that Mom before that oh oh
bangable bangable yeah that word what
the hell is that about I totally put
your mom through it she's a mil I'll
bang the hell out of her throw it
against the wall and make sure the
Neighbors Know by name by the next
morning okay well first of all no no you
cannot do that why not because you're
just a kid no no no I could be your
stepdad dude no you could not be my
stepdad what what why not dude age is
just a number no it is not just a number
to her it's the law she could go to jail
I don't know she she messed with me like
that you feel me wait who are you
texting oh your mom how the hell did you
get her number she gave it to me on the
couch she [ __ ] with a [ __ ] no she
doesn't [ __ ] with anybody okay how about
this how about this a new friend rule
rule number one we cannot get with each
other's moms no you can't make up a rule
like that dude you're the only one with
a mom yeah and also didn't you bang my
dad yeah but I was in Chef pe's body and
that's not even one of the rules see you
already broke the rules wait so Joseph
can bang your mom if he's in Chef pe's
body yeah if he's in Chef pe's body I
guess weird yeah go go get in Chef's
body and then you can do it I'm not
doing that dude no I don't approve of
any of this hey Joseph I made you this
friendship bracelet out of pipe clean as
I found in the bathroom I learned how to
make those in heroin rehab each stripe
is for every time I think about
relapsing oh wow that's awesome you
actually made this for me yeah you're my
best friend Joseph mom stop this is
weird Cody I lost my husband I should at
least be able to distract myself with a
friend yeah another chocolate brother
hey Joseph you want to go to the movies
we could see Hunger Games oh I love
Hunger Games that documentary is
actually about me I'm so hungry yeah we
could buy popcorn with my husband's
credit card until he cancels it yeah
let's do it Joseph's so weird Okay
Joseph eat your popcorn you're a growing
boy yes ma'am I am there's always so
many movie previews how do they always
keep making so many movies and there's
like a thousand people that work on
every movie how do they afford to pay
all of those people movies are expensive
ooh I think you have something on your
lip you mind if I what the [ __ ] are you
doing what I I just wanted to kiss
that's [ __ ] weird how look I thought
we were dating I thought we were just
friends no no no I was trying to take
advantage of this vulnerable opportunity
and get some smooching oh hell no you're
just like my husband oh wow really yo
Cody why is your mom such a [ __ ] teas
what are you talking about she invited
me to the movies on some freak [ __ ] and
I was down I leaned in for a kiss and
she turned me down my mom was not on
some freak [ __ ] oh yes she was she
bought popcorn trying to whing down a
young [ __ ] and I was down for it I
leaned in for some smooching and she act
brand new you tried to kiss my mom she
wanted me to kiss her apparently not
it's all right though she want to act
brand new I'm going to be on some hater
[ __ ] oh you want to waste a [ __ ] time
oh I know the perfect person that loves
his time wasted Junior you want to turn
I don't want to turn Joseph you never
even had a turn and that's why I'm mad
she deserves to give me a turn I owed a
turn no she doesn't owe you anything she
just wanted to be be friends yeah yeah
she want to be friends and I wanted
loving from a woman she couldn't even
give me that so forget her come on Cody
it's time for us to go to Kansas your
little friend tried to kiss me hey yo
[ __ ] check your phone oh that's mean
what's it say Mom it says if you want to
waste a racial slurs time you should let
my friend Junior have a turn yeah Junior
have a turn add a boy but just know it's
going to be wasted time she ain't going
to give it a for nothing oh my husband's
calling me hello hey baby I miss you so
much now now please please hit me out
hit me out what if I only cheat on you
five times out of the week really you do
that for me yeah baby I give up the
mother three holes they ain't nothing
they smell like fish bowls anyway oh
Tyrone that's true love I know baby I
love you so much now come home and let
me get some of that macaroni and cheese
okay we'll be home soon well good news
Cody we don't have to go to Kansas
anymore I'm back with your daddy okay
yeah I feel sorry for him though she's
never going to give it up I'm so excited
to see your daddy hey there Cody Uncle
sker what are you doing here oh I came
to see my favorite nephew y'all taking
forever to come up there the canvas so I
came down here to see my
boy I think it's time for us to play our
favorite game where is Uncle ska's
eyeball where is it where is it I think
it's in my pants Cody Cody reach in and
get my eyeball I'm good get it come on
no come on no thank you come on get SK
of eyeball
[Music]
m