last time on Jeffy Ball Z Frieza got
knocked into a pool and now he wants
revenge Brooklyn guys stole jeffy's wish
again that's starting to get pretty old
but he wished to become all-powerful now
will Jeffy ever wake up let's find out
I'm gonna get my revenge what's your
plan Lord Frieza the plan is for me to
collect all the dragon balls so I can be
all powerful and I would never lose
again but what do you want me to do you
you stupid monkey you're gonna go and
distract Jeffy so he doesn't get in the
way of finding the dragon balls and
finding before me well how am I gonna
distract him he's gonna think I'm trying
to trick him again
aren't actually stupid sir sometimes
monkeys can talk with sign language I
wish you were talking to sign language
hey well he was hurt real bad he's lucky
he didn't die die yeah no more fun now
you're here Jeffy you hear that no more
looking for dragon balls and no more
fighting but Danny I have to find the
dragon balls to get my wins no every
time you find the Dragon Ball something
bad happens so you're grounded from ever
looking for dragon balls ever again but
Daddy no butts jeez no G's either so
come on you're going to your room oh so
Jeff you're gonna stay in your room and
play with toys like a normal kid but
Daddy I want to play with balls Dragon
Ball
oh man I'm so mad at my daddy for
grounding me from looking for Dragon
Balls what's the point being able to go
super Riri
if I can still be grounded by my parents
I guess what they say is true with great
power comes great responsibilities
Marvin don't you think you were a little
hard on Jeffy you heard the nurse baby
he almost died it's for his own good but
he's sad now well would you rather be
sad or dead you're right Marvin hey what
if we painted Easter eggs to look like
dragon balls and hide them around the
house and he can go look for them well I
mean at least he'd be doing something
and he'd kind of think it was fun
[Music]
around destroying the sea if you see him
take cover immediately and pray he
doesn't see you
that's right I'm
like look he's destroying the city well
you can forget about the Easter eggs
well Marvin what if Jeffy could stop him
there's no way Jeffy can stop that guy
you saw him getting knocked out on the
couch out and you can definitely forget
about the Easter eggs okay Marvin I
guess you're right yeah it's better to
let someone else go stop that guy like
the cops that's their job and don't you
dare bring up those Easter eggs again
okay Marvin I get it no Easter eggs well
if my daddy says that I can't go look
for dragon balls I'll just hit my own
boss
hey Jeffy what do you want vagina it's
Vegeta do you want me to kick your
boss's ass again you didn't kick his
butt you just made him fall into the
pool which is technically off limits
well don't report me to the Dragon Ball
Community I have to because what you did
was off limits what is this off limit
you didn't think I would Dodge that I'm
the Prince of all sayings don't keep all
your eggs anymore
whoa it went to the hoop yeah that was
so sick I have an idea instead of
fighting how about we play a 1v1 game of
key basketball first person to Five
Points wins and the loser has to admit
the other one's more powerful oh you're
on stinky vagina okay I get ball first
swish all right it's my turn
hey
that was a travel you didn't dribble
well I didn't know I was supposed to
dribble it that's the rules of key
basketball so now it's my ball your
point didn't count
2-0 oh man all right my ball
oh engine transmission what
ah and that wasn't in travel because I
teleported well I'm still winning two to
one
wait you're not gonna try to block me no
I'm gonna block you from back here okay
[Applause]
oh get that out of here that's
goaltating I still get the point that's
 no it's just that's what the
rule is called it's called goaltending
so I'm up 3-1 and if I shoot from back
here it's worth two points so I'll win
if I make this
[Applause]
yeah I win vagina you cheated I didn't
cheat I'm just better and now you have
to admit that I'm more powerful than you
well I can't do that because you're not
Super Saiyan well I'm the Prince of all
sayings yeah but you're not a Super
Saiyan well how do I learn how to be a
Super Saiyan oh no you just gotta learn
well can you teach me how to be a Super
Saiyan I guess since you did win in the
basketball game I guess I'll teach you
the ways yeah please teach me how to be
a Super Saiyan please all right so the
first thing I do is I raise my hand
right now I beat my diaper and then you
gotta get really mad
ah
whoa that's so cool that you went Super
Saiyan okay I'm gonna try that
why isn't it working you just gotta keep
yelling louder and louder and louder
like this
Marvin what's all that yelling from
jeffy's room he's probably throwing a
temper tantrum because we won't let him
go look for balls hey there
oh he's gonna try to kill us what if he
tries killing Jeffy get the water bottle
no Alex stop stop I'm not a cat stop
spraying me what are you doing here I'm
not here to kill anybody well you're
just lying to try to get us to turn our
back so you can kill us no I'm not gonna
kill anybody I don't even have my Powers
anymore prove it okay see nothing how
did you lose your powers well I'll tell
you so here's what happened after I got
my Powers I decided to go look for all
the dragon balls again because I wanted
to wish for my own Planet because I
thought that would be cool so I was
flying around destroying buildings
flipping cars and stuff until eventually
I did find all the dragon balls and I
wish for my own Planet full of naked
women and the aliens from Toy Story
because I thought that would be funny so
I'm just hanging out on my planet with
my naked women and the aliens and the
naked aliens because things got kind of
weird there for a little while and then
all of a sudden this white and purple
alien Dude shows up and he kind of looks
like a digimon and his name was like
refrigerator or Popsicle or something
cold I don't remember and then he starts
yelling at me about how he's the best in
the universe and how he wants all my
dragon balls because I guess my Planet
just came with dragon balls I didn't
realize that planets just naturally had
dragon balls but whatever I was like
listen man I don't know who you are but
you're not getting my dragon balls so
then he starts pointing his finger and
then he starts shooting these lasers out
and he's killing all my babes and all
the aliens and I'm like you want to go
dog so I start throwing Haymakers I'm
teleporting around and punching them and
stuff and I punch him in the balls and
turns out he doesn't have balls because
I don't really know what kind of gender
he is because he's like an alien or
something and then he says look over
there a naked woman and I mean I look
naturally you know because like naked
and then while I'm looking he knocks me
out he steals all my dragon balls he
wishes from my powers and he blows up my
Planet so that's how I lost my Powers
why Toy Story aliens I don't know they
seem cool seemed like they knew how to
party until they started banging all my
hot chicks I'll never get the sound of
that squeaking out of my head well
you're still not allowed here because
you kept stealing jeffy's wishes hey
come on man look I'm done with all the
dragon balls and the wishes I don't care
about this stuff anymore I just want to
be normal now no you knock Jeffy out
with your stupid power so leave no
really I'm really sorry I even wrote you
this letter about how sorry I am I'm
sorry yeah see see how big the frowny
face is that's because I'm very sorry
that's how big sorry I am well you
should still leave Marvin look
s
[Music]
breaking news a guy named Lord Frieza
has been flying around destroying the
city and I'm not gonna stop it like you
Jeffy oh where are you Jeffy I'm coming
for you
oh Marvin he's coming
he's coming what are we gonna do oh you
guys will be fine are you sure yeah
oh no that's not him that's probably all
the I'm sorry pizzas I ordered to show
you how so sorry I am but there's like
seven pizzas so I'm gonna need you guys
to come to the door and help me carry
him okay
hello special delivery did someone order
a pizza pie or a pizza pie
well you really messed them up
you got my 20 bucks
yeah I don't usually betray people but
20 bucks is 20 bucks so uh we're gonna
have that take over the world pizza
party not just yet I gotta murder them
first murder you didn't say anything
about murder
any last words puny humans hey you
didn't say anything about murdering
anyone you just said you were gonna hurt
them I'm trying to take over the world
her Jeffy after hurting everyone around
him they already look pretty hurt to me
oh no
you killed them that's really messed up
man that's the point that is what murder
is uh do you want to die too no that's
what I thought now get out of my way
Jeffy where are you I gotta do something
Jeffy where are you okay it's time for
me to finally be a hero
and I finally get to kill him
you thought you could kill Lord Frieza
with a bat not really no
oh Jeffy come out and play
Hey Google I see you Lord Frieza did you
find the dragon balls sure did I found
two sets one on the planet already
destroyed in these what are you gonna
use your two wishes for I already used
one it's still somebody else's powers to
become all-powerful and I'm gonna use
these to make sure every monkey dies a
horrible death you're gonna wish for me
to die I mean yeah you're useless I
already found the dragon balls and all I
need is myself and my finger so you're
really gonna kill me after everything I
did for you
oh fajita you did it you finally went
Super Saiyan I did I did go Super Saiyan
ooh look at you you finally grew some
hair big whoops stupid monkey I'll show
you a stupid monkey
you dare try to take on Lord Frieza die
stupid
vagina are you okay I got this all the
years I had to put up with Lord Frieza
and now I'm gonna get my revenge
[Laughter]
I'm gonna kill you look how I killed
your parents you didn't kill my parents
oh yes I did come look oh wait hold on
don't want you making a wish I need to
take these come on man see look dead
what you're about to be
on my pants
poor effort my turn
let me go finish him
you did it now do you give up if you
give up now I'll spare your life all you
have to do is become my slave for
eternity and suck my toes they're big
and pointy if I don't give up
foreign
[Applause]
oh
oh man I get money in my mommy and daddy
are dead oh wait I have all the dragon
balls so I still get one wish I can't
wait for them to come back to life
dragon come dragon come let's all make
the dragon come find the player a boopy
the Kraken and you get one with I wish
that everyone that Lord Frieza kills was
Back to Life you're with us my command
pull
what happened yay Mommy and Daddy are
back to life wait back to life we died
yeah but I used to Dragon Balls to wish
you guys back to life hey you wish me
back to life too that's really nice I
thought you hated me well I really just
wanted my mommy and daddy back to life
oh well you got me too so thank you and
guys I'm actually really sorry about
betraying you again what are you
betrayed us you said they were pizzas
well there were pizzas yeah Marvin there
were pizzas I just didn't tell you the
part where he was going to kill you but
to be fair I didn't know he was going to
kill you he was just supposed to hurt
you so were we cool I mean he killed me
too right so we're cool cool right buddy
we're cool
cool
after a brutal struggle Frieza is dead
and Jeffy finally got to use a wish for
once everything seems peaceful in the
universe for Jeffy but wait who could
this new mysterious person be a new
friend for Jeffy or a powerful new foe
find out on the next episode of Jeffy
ballsy
[Music]