so Marvin what movie do you want to
watch I don't know maybe we could watch
can I please have some money no douge
why do you need money because the new
Madden came out and I want to play as
the Kentucky fried cheese that's Patrick
M homeboy you don't need the new Madden
douge it's the same game every year they
don't change anything about it but you
see my BBS this is is different because
they have someone new on the cover they
always have someone new on the cover
that's what makes it different so can I
please have it it's only
$99.99 plus cashes and Fe come on Marvin
buy your friend the game see I like what
she said all right douge if I buy you
this game will you never ask me for
anything for the rest of the year well
you see I also want to go to the strip
club too you're not going to the strip
you know I'm not giving you any money
cuz you're going to blow it on strippers
mips you so mean to me go
douge he's so annoying he's always
asking for
[Music]
money Steve bab what's poy mommy what
what's going on Steve why' you call me
here you called me here oh yeah I got
some big ideas for this company Steve
Well Ronald we don't really need Big
Ideas right now the company's doing fine
yeah but my ideas we'll send this
company Skyrocket and Steve I'm talking
straight to the
strategist okay Ronald what are your
ideas okay first I was thinking we stop
focusing so much on burgers and we start
focusing more on computers but computers
yeah so I found out there's this company
that's worth trillions called apples and
guess what kind of product apples Mak
Steve give me a hint it's not
apples well Apple makes
computers when you do my joke Steve how
did you know that they're a very popular
company Ronald you own one don't you
well yes I do well burn it cuz they've
been stealing their ideas from me Steve
guess what their laptop's called a
Macbook and guess what our most
delicious most popular Burger is called
a Big Mac they've been stealing my name
right out of my ass Steve S but Ronald
you don't own the word Mac I invented
Mac sue them but what about kids named
Mac kick sand in the eyes then sue their
parents for everything they're worth
okay but what about mac and cheese
that's a good Steve why are they even
called that they should be called
noodles and cheese where they get the
name from Steve me well it comes from
macaroni which is the name of the noodle
so macaroni and Sue that that
sticks a feather in his cat too but but
what about macadamia nuts I want you to
sue the nut who thought it would be a
good idea to steal my idea they don't
call me Macdonald for nothing Steve
Ronald your name is
McDonald still Mickey Mouse Ronald this
is getting ridiculous no you know what's
ridiculous Steve the fact that we don't
sell burgers in India I feel like that's
kind of a missed opportunity I dropped
my my beer bottle but like I was saying
miss the opportunity because there's
like a lot of people there and I feel
like there's a lot of hungry people in
that India so why aren't we selling beef
there Steve Well people in India don't
eat cows okay throw some cows on a
cruise ship and send them over there no
ronal I mean they don't want to eat cows
they haven't tried my have they
Steve they they they haven't tried my
 cuz if they tried it they would
love it cuz my good Ste I I know my
 good Ste Ronald they don't eat cows
because it's against the religion okay
Steve I got it I say that we do a
reverse Chick-fil-A campaign in India
I'm talking chickens holding up signs
and saying eat more cows that
would go crazy it would go crazy with
protests I like that Steve protests mean
change so when I come back here you
better be showing me some pictures of
happy beef eating Indians stay with me
Steve happy be feeding Indians good boy
get to it Steve I'll get right on that
he's driving this company into the
ground he needs to die I'm going to hire
someone oh yeah shake H where am
I going to find a hit man hey old man
move head you're blocking teeths oh you
look scary thank you now move head
you're blocking tits h i I was just
wondering if I could hire you to um kill
someone whoa whoa whoa dude you you
can't talk like that out loud the police
will go crazy if you want to talk like
that you have to speak in cold like I
want you to make that me swim with the
fishes or I want you to take out the
trash oh okay I understand well uh can
you um take someone out for me no I am
no hitman plus killing people is wrong
oh I I just thought you know cuz you're
you're so scary and you were giving me
advice I I assumed no I would try that
guy over there oh Po and boom is that
hey are you going to pay me no cuz I
ain't got no money well then I'm going
to get off the stage no bring me that
boobies back man I guess I can just
sniff the pole like a CR sniff oh it
smells like scrimp excuse me Mr Dinosaur
man what you want old man how would you
like to make a million dollars oh like
the gang show Who Wants To Be A
Millionaire where you answer all the
questions I like to choose C for all the
answers final answer did I wins but no
okay would I like to change my answer B
final answer no no no okay what can I
call my cousin dooo ass because he the
smartest person in my family he did one
semester Community up in PGH okay but
that's not what I want to hire you for
and he can show you where Mount Rushmore
is on maps oh that's very impressive and
I think Benjamin Franklin was the first
presidents oh that's wrong but okay and
Helen Kell through the first air PL with
the right brothers look I'm not paying
you for information I'm going to give
you a million dollars to um take someone
out for me oh a million dollars to take
someone out yes exactly okay well who I
got to take out Ronald McDonald oh
Ronald Donald the chicken nugget man yes
him okay well a million dollars take him
out sir can I take him to McDonald's no
no don't do it there do it somewhere
nice and private okay well if I'm going
to take some out I'm going to need some
money cuz your boy pocket in oh yes of
course you need money for a gun here's
$100 that should do it okay and uh can I
keep the leftovers or do you want them
oh I don't want them you should burn the
leftovers okay well I could just eat
them oh dear God I'm a dinosaur I'm so
hungry oh oh of course that that makes
sense just burn whatever you don't eat
okay all right so I'm just going to take
out Ronald Don and I gets me the million
dollars yes exactly okay I'm going go do
it oh that's was easy I don't even have
to pay
him listen man I don't know who the hell
you are but I really appreciate you
taking me to dinner usually I'm the one
taking other people to dinner normally
hookies
yeah man I just want to take you out no
Diddy my hello is there anything else I
can get for you guys yeah ma'am oh well
what would you like I'm looking at it uh
I'm going to go get my manager woo
threeome for some no no you could never
you you would never you would be
crazy
no no
all right Mr Muffin Man I took them out
oh you did yeah and I even ate all the
leftovers too so where's my million
dollars oh well do you have any proof
yeah my bell is really full well that's
not exactly proof okay fine I got one
cheese stick left but I promise I'll eat
it wait a cheese stick yeah I took him
out Applebees they got endless apps oh
no idiot I meant take him out I'm
confused I'm did I took him the
Applebees no you know take him out like
you know mow him down you ain't saying
nothing about no mowing well that's what
I meant I meant mow him down okay see
well you didn't say that you just said
take him out so if I if I go mow him
down you give me the million dollars yes
okay you want do no I'm I'm fine no I
don't want it all
right look at this I got to tell
Steve hello Ronald Steve baby you're
still alive yep still kicking you know
what they say a big man a day keeps the
doctor away that's not what they say
Ronald I'm pretty sure that's what they
say Steve anyway you will not believe
what just happened to me what did
someone try to kill you no Steve why
would you say something like that why
would anyone want to kill me now you
remember that guy that took me out to
dinner earlier for free well now he's
back at my house mowing my lawn for free
me he's mowing my lawn for free a
billionaire Steve fire the gner right
now he's mowing your lawn yeah listen
you hear that
Steve what a smoke yeah what a schmuck
yeah what a schmuck Steve so Steve I I I
know it doesn't look the best you know
since he's a black dinosaur thr freeway
before a uh white clown so I was
thinking if he does a good enough job
you know maybe I maybe I throw him a few
bucks Steve like maybe I throw him a few
bucks Steve should I tip him Steve don't
tip him Steve you all racist
bastard just like Grim I won tip his ass
bye dumb
ass all Mr Rogers neighborhoods I did it
no you didn't you mowed his lawn yeah I
just ain't weedy because you ain't ask
me to do that so million dollars please
no because you didn't do the job I told
you to do I did everything you told me
to do I took him out I mowed the lawn so
I wor my million dollars I was talking
in code listen man I ain't b super that
was the estheticians what you mean the
Egyptians yeah that's what I said
because I'm smops I can even tell you
the capital of Greece uppercase G see
you ain't think I knew all my letters
but I know all my letters and their
sizes upper capes and under capes capes
and and my favorite cap is Cap crunch
from PIR car bill oh my God idiot shut
up listen do you want the million
dollars the color purples in the rainbow
I think wait a minute there go some
silver there go Brown it's black white
gold I think it's purple in there do you
want the million dollars or not yes I
want the million doll then I need you to
take out the trash Oh take out the trash
yes trash taken out yes I'll take out
the trash okay good then you'll get the
million dollars but only if you take out
the trash the right way wait a minute Mr
Rogers are you talking in pyramids again
yes how tall do you want the pyramid to
be you're not building a pyramid oh
thank God cuz that would been a lot of
sand and soap just go don't take out the
goddamn trash okay I'll take out trash
trash taking out trash won't even see it
coming too just go okay Jesus God I hope
he gets it right
Steve what what happened Ronald did you
get shot no you're not going to believe
this Steve you remember the guy that
took me to dinner for free and then mow
my lawn for free yeah well now he's
taking out my trash for three Steve God
damn it listen Steve I know you're
racist but we got to pay this guy we got
to put him on payroll he's doing all my
choice Steve hey you think he could
whack me off Steve no no no he he
wouldn't be in that would be
crazy no
no no no Ronald are you are you looking
at the phone
yeah yeah
am stupid all right man I took out the
trash you took out his goddamn trash
yeah that's what you told me to do
that's not what I wanted you to do
listen man I did everything you asked me
to do I took took him out I mowed the
lawn I took out the trash so I want my
million doll so go to your pyramids and
give me my million doll I wanted you to
kill him I wanted to pay you a million
dollars to kill Ronald McDonald I was
looking for a Hitman freeze you're under
arrest get on the ground oh damn it it's
a good thing we were doing a
prostitution sting in this strip club
Simmons yeah mate now we uncovered this
plot come on Bob you're going to jail
excuse me Mr Officer man yes before you
takes him to jail so can you go into his
pyramids and give me my million dollar
what what what are you talking about he
owes me a million dollar and I think the
only way he gots a million dollar is
because he be running a laundry machine
do you know what he's talking about oh
dear God just take me to jail but but
what about my million dollars but I know
purple wasn't in the rainbow ask the
audience 50/50 man I hate game shows
[Music]
he
[Music]