so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know yeah I don't know either dude
I'm bored me too ooh
Chevy B's taking a nap you want to pull
some pranks on him why he's sleeping now
that sounds fine yeah you let's break
him what can the priests should we do I
don't know oh I have an idea what why
don't we put his hand in warm water so
he pees the bed what what are you
talking about Cody well when you put
someone's hand in warm water while
they're sleeping they pee the bed so
you're telling me if his hand gets wet
he pees yeah I don't think Shep you pee
pees himself every time he washes his
hands well no he has to be asleep first
while he wash his hand to be sleeping
Cody you know so stupid yeah but so dumb
lets you sleep off cootie shot of a dumb
idea I do I got an idea what is it how
about we draw on his face with a marker
they'll be so coy he won't even know
we're doing that oh god I got a better
idea how about we go check if his eyes
shut seems really dangerous the party
poopers here everybody yeah he's here he
has your eye a party poopers in the
building all right Cody tell us why it's
so dangerous he won't be able to open
his eyes ding ding ding that's the point
the prank Cody blew his eyes shut he's
not going to be able to see - a prey it
is a prank what I mean he might go blind
that's the point in the prank Cody's not
supposed be able to see glue his eyes
shut but I mean he might go blind
permanently Cody it's washable glue
always do it wash his face afterwards he
could see again yes school glue it gotta
be Shay yeah okay but I just really hope
that no one watching this video ever
does this to anyone
don't worry Cody they're not gonna do it
okay we're dolls do they know how to do
that I'm gonna go show you these are
shut
go do it dude go do you go yeah
[Music]
yeah that should be good all right guys
I did it you actually did it yeah dude
what it look like his face look like
some girl's face I saw in a video last
night
nice yeah we're so awesome where you
think is gonna do any wakes up tell him
Cody jr. put glue in your eyes yeah I
put glue in your eyes bull your eyes the
price you can't open your eyes Julie I
need my eyes to see I don't have to
point in the prank chef peepee look if
you want to see again just go wash your
eyes out it's washable glue oh no what
well it says here in the very very small
fine print not actually washable ha ha
just kidding if you put this in your
eyes you'll be blind forever
you'll be blind forever you're going to
fix this right now I didn't know the
glue said that chef peepee uh okay with
me and Cody we'll call a doctor
well actually jr. I don't want to have
anything to do with this so as Joseph
says I'm out of here dude no Cody Dada
Julie you gonna fix this right now okay
I'll call a doctor chef peepee just
stare your calm down okay hey doctor yes
yes he did tell me what to beat Junior I
got a b-minus on my science test hey
that's pretty good I find ya know I
don't know what chef peepee got on his
science test
no dr. Julia put glue in my eyes now I
can't see people glue in y'all yes wait
this glue yeah
oh this was really dangerous anything
you put this glue on stays closed
forever they should have put it on my
ex-wife's legs to keep them closed
cuz she cheated on me a lot yeah pretty
much
did you read the fine print oh I didn't
see it I didn't know is this dangerous
yeah it's pretty bad I lost my son to
this glue what he died oh no he's not
dead he's just blind so I put him up for
adoption
he's somebody else's problem now you
know I'm not dealing with that well as
our chef you
flying forever well there is a really
expensive surgery I could do to get his
eyes open oh how much is it it is
$100,000 or 10 Bitcoin I also take
Bitcoin that kind of money I see that
much and you're blind so you never will
oh really really oh okay so if we get
you the money you can give him new eyes
yeah sure if you guys come up with the
money I'll be sure to give you that
surgery but until then I'm out okay
Shephelah all we have to do is get
$100,000 look I'll go door-to-door
asking people for a dollar
no no you better take me to your dad
right now you did this so he's gonna fix
it okay okay I was gonna try to raise
the money but my dad all right chef you
be my dad right in front of you Oh what
do you watch that VP Bowser look until
you put blue in my eyes and now I can't
see I need $1,000 for new ID and you're
going to pay for it I'm not gonna give
it to you it's saved up for two years
college and the only way I would give up
that money is it someone that junior and
held it for ransom and let's be honest
no one's gonna do that yeah dad I'm not
going to college I want to be a youtuber
look I said no now get out of here I'm
chicken sorry chef peepee forever
because of You Junior I'm over here chef
peepee and also what B applies like to
be so bad at least you're not to watch
the new Sonic the Hedgehog movie god
that looks awful yes Sonic the Hedgehog
that's what I was worried about Junior
well look the movie looks so bad I might
put glue in my eyes right now to go
blind do it put it in your eyes right
now I'm gonna go play toy Shep if you
I'll talk to you later
please I don't want to be blind forever
I need a thousand dollars the only way I
could get that money is if maybe if I
kept jr. and held him for ransom
Bowser would have to give up that money
I need someone's help I need to I need
help
how can someone help me please I need to
not be child hey you say you need to
have a child yes can you help me please
what are you blind or something yes I am
blind we'll turn around huh there you go
okay so what are you trying to do look I
need help napping a child I could be a
cop and you wouldn't even know wait are
you a cop no I'm a dolphin okay can you
help me capital then okay what are you
trying to do look I need to prep a child
and hold him for ransom for $100,000 Wow
that's a lot of money for a kid look I
know it's a lot of money but his dad
will pay for him okay yeah sure let's do
it okay can you tell me the plan then
all right I'm gonna whisper the plan in
your ear while the camera pans out okay
I'm just kidding all right here's the
actual plan you tell the kid to come out
here and I'll grab them oh that seems
simple yeah just make sure you tell
everyone you didn't see anything oh okay
I can do that now all I have to do is
get you to go outside Julia come in here
quick what's wrong chef peepee do you
guess what I just saw a UFO outside a
UFO yeah it was amazing it was flying
around in the sky all crazy you should
go outside and see it huh wait should we
be you're blind oh look I heard it UFO
yep I heard this you heard it mm-hmm I
heard the aliens they were like whoo we
are on planet Earth we are near
Earthlings baby boo boo what they said
that yeah they said it do you see
all right nap the kid really over here
oh yeah he's in the trunk of my car he
thinks it's a spaceship because he's an
idiot
so what do we do now well now you tell
the dad that I kept his son then the
police are gonna contact me about the
ransom and then you get a hundred
thousand dollars okay that's perfect I'm
gonna go and tell Bowser right now oh
man that chicken was delicious oh yes
your precious manuals now you need to
call the police before it's too late
oh hey there's somebody called the
police yes officer please baby calm down
we're gonna do everything we can to get
you your precious babyback babyback
babyback babyback babyback babyback
babyback Shirley's baby back ribs man I
am hungry all right anybody see anything
yes officer
that little brat got mad well we know
that but did you see anything no I'm
blind
oh well how tall was the guy I'm blind
oh right sorry yeah but did you see any
tattoos or scars I'm sorry I keep
forgetting that but but what color was
the guy's skin look all I see is black
he's black I knew it no no no he's not
black look I can't see anything I didn't
see anything oh I see seeing out of
snitch huh well let me just ask mr.
takechi 6:9 he's a snitch I'm sorry I
don't know I I was just trying to be
funny
wait wait hold on what oh I'm getting a
phone call that must be the Napa they
always call about the ransom let me
answer this really all right let me
answer this call oh and in case you were
wondering yes this is the brand new
iPhone 11 as you can see it has three
cameras and yellow yeah this is the
Napper oh yeah I thought you might be
calling how much do you want for the kid
I want $100,000 whoa
you can buy a lot of iPhone Elevens for
that kind of money and I should know
because I bought one yeah well that's
how much I want okay hold on that was
the banker here is your offer 100,000
Deal or No Deal are you gonna take the
deal mouthing No Deal oh he says no deal
he says no deal what yeah he says no
deal he's not gonna pay huh okay is
there a is there a blind chef there well
yeah there is actually
can I talk to him please yeah here he
wants to talk to you uh hello
yeah they're not gonna pay look I heard
him hold on let me work this out
boss are you not gonna save your son
look chef maybe you were right Juilliard
is not going to college
so I'm gonna spend that money on a trip
to Fiji yeah he's not gonna see the Sun
yeah trip to Fiji I heard what are we
gonna do I don't know give me a second
Oh careful look do you have a plan sir
oh yeah I have a plan what we're gonna
do is we're gonna meet with dick Napa
but when he shows up I'm gonna arrest
him when we just keep all the money
wait did you hang up no man hello yeah
oh man you heard all of that didn't you
yeah okay here's the actual plan you're
gonna send the chef with the money and
he's gonna come alone and then I'll give
you the kid but that's what we're gonna
do okay okay don't worry I have a new
plan wait yeah I know I hung up new plan
all right what we're gonna do is I'm
gonna dress up like you and then I'm
gonna meet him and I'm just gonna arrest
him there are you sure about that hey
I'm pretty sure he wants to meet me he
doesn't even know what you look like
it'll be fine don't worry okay you can
do this you can do this he's not gonna
know you're a cop you can do this hey
there you the nappa you're a cop no uh
what's with the cop hat did that that is
my okay I'm a cop well no don't don't
don't don't run look I'm here to make a
deal all right then show me the money
well how about you show me the kid and
then I'll show you the money how about
you show me the money and I'll show you
the kid well how about I show you the
kid and you show me the money what but
there okay look I failed my hostage
negotiation class look I have the money
just just show me the kid all right
he's in the trunk all right there he is
he's passed out there's not a lot of
oxygen in there now give me the money
uh-huh you're under arrest man I never
should have trusted a cop get on the
ground
now all right I got your kid back he's
passed out though babyback babyback
babyback babyback Jilly
baby back ribs barbecue sauce I am so
sorry
oh it's okay kid you would never buy
aliens
wait oh isn't that by aliens all right
outside in an alien grabbed me and threw
me in a spaceship and then he probed my
book okay so that might be a few more
charges for that dolphin but we'll deal
with that later so my eyes are gonna
stay like this forever
well I don't really see what that has to
do with anything wait a minute it says
right here in the super super fine print
ha ha that was also a joke the glue
really is washable but now you wasted
all your time from when you tried to nap
a kid to get the ransom money to pay for
an expensive eye surgery to fix your
eyes because you thought the glue wasn't
washable so you just have to watch the
glue out of your eyes I can't believe I
got these babies back maybe maybe but
maybe but maybe back baby back baby back
baby back baby back Chili's baby back
ribs barbecue sauce
[Music]