yo marvin you dropped me up the kfc so i
can get some chicken no your boy dougie
i'm not gonna drive you to get some kfc
but i'm really really so so hungry good
i don't care how so hungry good you are
so good oh listen look you can drive
yourself but i ain't got a car are you
gonna buy me a car i'm not gonna buy you
a car dougie are you gonna buy me that
donkey with the wagon with no donks no
wagons if you want a car you can get a
job and save up your own money but i
can't get a job because i'm disabled how
are you disabled i can't read because
i'm a dinosaur what oh there's some jobs
that don't involve reading like you can
go to mcdonald's and make cheeseburgers
how am i gonna know where the cheese is
if i can't read you so you can't read
you can still see you can see cheese
what about the pickles
[Music]
someone at the door listen if you want a
job go go ask someone for a job okay
okay but i don't know how to ask so go
go go
hello hey marvin goodman what are you
doing here i just wanted to show you the
most recent thing i bought it's a money
counting robot a money counting robot
yeah because i have so much money that
i'm afraid i might miss count because my
fingers start hurting my eyes start
hurting so i bought butt buddy here so
he can count my money for me i am buck
buddy i count money can i come inside
and show you how he works well actually
i'm really busy right now great come on
who's at the door marvin it's goodman he
wants to show off his money counting
robot all right marvin check it out
here's a pile of one hundred thousand
dollars watch him count it you already
know it's a hundred thousand dollars he
has nothing counted well i just want to
show off ten thousand
twenty thousand
thirty thousand
forty thousand so all he does is count
your money yep you gotta go sixty
thousand that's a lot of money it sure
is thousand eighty 000 i think you could
count faster
well when you're a billionaire and you
have billions of dollars it gets tiring
counting all that money 100 000
oh yeah you counted it now you can leave
well hold on
there's more money count it now i
have to restart well no no count it
somewhere else we're busy no marvin i'm
going to leave him here with you okay
why because i hate hearing your stupid
voice i'll be back later to pick him up
60 000 70 080
000 all right baby let's go downstairs
and eat something this is annoying one
hundred thousand one hundred and ten
thousand one hundred and twenty thousand
what the little robot do don't distract
me i'm counting money but i got some
questions to ask you i said don't
distract me wait now i have to
start over 10 000. yo man i think you
got a little wire loose in the bag let
me look at it for you really yeah ow
stop it ow all right marvin i made
chicken salad sandwiches they look so
good baby marvin you should really go
upstairs and check on that robot make
sure no one's messing with it trying to
steal the money good thinking baby i
don't be responsible if money goes
missing
now that i'm inside this money count
robot the guy's gonna keep giving me
money to count and i'm gonna keep taking
it i'm gonna be rich hey buck buddy
how's the counting the money going oh uh
i mean yeah i mean boop bop beep bop
boop bop bop 230. i'm booty fruity
how's the money counting going oh i'm
counting i mean i'm here go ten thousand
dollars right here he's going on two
hundred dollars he'll go a hundred
dollars and i think actually i think i'm
done counting so i'm gonna take this
money back to the boss man to goodman
yeah the good man who gave me all this
money
yeah so do you know how to get back
right yeah i know how to get to the car
dealerships and i know how to do what
i'm doing what yeah well yeah i'll be
back i'll be back hold on
all right bye bug buddy well i'm glad
he's gone marvin is everything okay with
the robot yeah he just got done counting
the money so now he's walking back to
goodman right now thank god i hate it
when goodman leaves his expensive things
here yeah and then we always lose it and
i'm responsible now i could eat my
sandwich
what was that
is that a car rubbing
who is that
ducky you're bored well what is this
this a hell cat a kitty cat from hell
how did you get this i'll box it how'd
you box it with money where'd you get
the money i got me a job oh you got a
job what kind of job did you get i'm an
accountant cause i count money how did
you get an accountant job you don't have
a degree oh i got plenty of degrees it's
currently 87 degrees outside
dougie how did you get an accountant job
you can't read so how can you count
because i can count with numbers
okay well listen as long as you got this
card legally that's all that matters i
guess it legally kind of kind of i don't
want to know the kind just drive safe
and i'm proud of you for getting a job
all right folks i'm going to run up to
the kfc you wants to come no i don't
want to come all right what about the
poo pies not the popeyes
okay like you have fun driving
oh man now i can finally eat my sandwich
but wait where's my sandwich i'm so
sorry marvin i didn't think you were
gonna eat it so i gave it to jiffy
thanks daddy it was delicious but you
can still have my pickle
i think i just lost my appetite
i can't believe jeffy ate my sandwich
hey marvin i'm here to pick up my robot
oh well he just left with the money he
said he was bringing it to you excuse me
yeah he got done counting the money and
he picked it up and said i'm taking this
to goodman he can't do that all he knows
how to do is just count money
no but he said he was bringing it to
goodman that's impossible marvin he
doesn't know names all he knows how to
do is count money that's it well he said
he said goodman and he got done counting
the money he left marvin did you take my
money and this is your stupid excuse on
how to get away with it no i didn't take
your money your dumb robot picked the
money and left i left that money here
with you so you're responsible for it if
you don't give me my money back i'm
calling the police but i didn't take
your money your robot took it do you
know anyone else who could have taken
the money no i mean no who else would
take the money and then
oh
yeah
i know someone who could have taken it i
have to call someone hold on all right
i'm calling my friend who who may have
taken the money yo
it's your boy dougie holla at your boy
uh hey dougie it's marvin yo mommy you
want me to pick you up some poo poo
chicken and some missiles no no no no
poo poo chicken or business um i'm
calling because i realized that car you
got was very expensive yeah i bossed it
with money yeah yeah so the money so
there was a robot counting a bunch of
money on the couch and i was wondering
if maybe you saw that robot with the
money nah man i ain't seen no boo bops
with the money okay well did you see him
like outside because he was walking with
the money did you did you possibly take
the money oh my man no i ain't take no
money but but what what happens if i did
well if you did you would get in trouble
imma get some trouble if i touch the
money you're gonna get in a lot of
trouble if you took some money are they
gonna give me a spanking you're gonna
get a big spanking if you took that
money oh well i ain't taking no money
folk
he took the money he's in a green
challenger all right well i'm calling
the police yeah yeah you should all
right officer cuddlesworth we're looking
for a green sports car
yeah you're right officer cuddlesworth
that is a green sports car wait you're
colorblind how would you know let's go
oh i got me some kfc chickens it's so
good
what the the po-po while they pulling me
over i ain't doing nothing but i'll
offer this chicken all right officer
cuddlesworth we got him pulled over now
this guy's wanted for stealing over a
hundred thousand dollars so if he tries
anything you bite his hand off
i hope that means you understand okay
let's go
excuse me sir roll your window down
yeah okay just roll your window down
all the way down this is all i legally
behaved to would you please just roll
your window down
man i can't believe you be doing this to
me i know my ripest why you got to be
all that pull me over okay look your car
matches the description of someone whose
car who stole over a hundred thousand
dollars and a money counting robot i
ain't got a hundred thousand dollars in
a robot well that's interesting because
i can see both of those things from here
oh okay so it's illegal for me to have
some money in a robot well it's
definitely suspicious when there's
somebody who's wanted that matches that
description
you want some chicken no you're not
going to bribe me with chicken it's
colonel that's 11 herbs and spices
yeah that's very tempting but i'm more
of a pop ice man okay well we can go to
boo-boo get in the car let's go no no
look i'm gonna have to search your car
why are you guys searching my kind do
nothing wrong well i have probable cause
because i'm seeing some pretty
suspicious stuff right here all right
well how about you turn around and close
your eyes and give me 30 seconds to hide
it all we're not playing hide and seek
with the evidence well you got's a dog
that's chin that's two against one
yeah you're right that's not fair okay
but you only have 30 seconds
okay well okay i can obviously see what
you did you didn't have to throw away
the chicken that part wasn't a crime i
wouldn't give it back well i mean if you
really want it it's on the ground but i
don't even have to force you okay look
i'm gonna have to arrest you because i
can see what you did why it's not in my
car so it's not mine i ain't do it but
it was in your car and now it's on the
ground i saw it how you know it wasn't
there before okay that's it you're under
arrest
all right make you one phone call do you
know the number to pop eyes i would
suggest you not call popeyes why you
don't think they deliver no i i would
suggest you call someone who can pay
your bail okay
hello
marvin
it's your boy doggy
hey dougie and i was in trouble what'd
you do this mean bad police officer man
arrested me for no reason uh he stole a
bunch of money in a robot and then he
used the money to buy a car i ain't do
that marvin i promise well i i think you
did do that dougie well he doesn't have
no proofs all the epidemics was all on
the ground outside the car yeah he threw
the evidence on the ground because i let
him hide it so i probably probably
shouldn't have done that but he still
don't have no proof that it was even in
my calls for the first place well listen
dougie
when you do bad things you go to jail
put seam of it i ain't do nothings can
you please come bail me out i'm scared
how much is your bail how much is the
bail it's about a hundred thousand
dollars oh it's not that much it's only
a hundred thousand dollars i heard a
thousand dollars i don't have that
dougie
can you at least bring me some chicken
i'm so hungry oh i'll see what i can do
okay i love you
say it back i love you
okay i'll see you in a minute
he says he's gonna bring me some chicken
okay back in yourself all right he's in
here
marvin is that you
yeah it's me dougie oh marvin i can
hardly recognize you i've been in here
for so long the walls are closing in and
i'm going crazy he's been in there for
barely a minute well i brought you your
kfc oh oh you brought me to kfc try
pushing it through the balls okay i
probably shouldn't i i really could
search that okay oh thanks for the
chicken marvin well how long has he got
to be in there officer i hate to say it
but probably until the next dougie video
well you hear that dougie you're gonna
be in there for a long time
i hope you learned your lesson oh i did
marvin next time i won't buy such a
noticeable car and i won't keep all the
avenues that's that's all we learned
[Music]