oh man my house payment is due today I
don't have the money to pay it why am I
so poor panda panda panda panda panda
eating Cheetos drinking Fanta make it
snow call me Santa eat green beans in
your canta chevy what are you doing oh
just listen to music on my new beach by
Jeffy headphones
well Jeffy uh dad you need alone so do
you think you can loan me some money
that you have all those merch sales sure
daddy how much money you need $800 daddy
you know what they call me in school
what they call me the plug what the MF
and plug daddy boom your your $800 you
know what that is that's paper there's
paper grow on trees yes it does at
rapier drip drip drip drip drip oh thank
you Jeffy for the drip Oh Eddie thank
mini me what mini me yeah he's a middle
man daddy
he makes dirty money clean and this
money right here is dirty daddy it's
been through a lot of dirty cracks I'm
not talking about sidewalks I'm talking
it rhymes with putt holes I'm not
talking about mini-golf well Jeff yet
thank you for the money
and I'm gonna go pay up my house payment
dang make sure you wash that money twice
cuz they don't wipe oh it thanks Jeffy
oh look that was a good man Thank You
Jeffy hello
hey Mario it's my time of the month what
do you know who honor is on a on a
period and I'm on a period in my life
where I need your house be well I
actually have my health game at this
month bull fecal wonder I really do have
it Mario if you actually have your house
payment this month
I won't rip my left nipple clean off my
body what you have to do that oh but I'd
love to Mario it would be my pleasure
like chick-fil-a okay well here it is
you actually have your house payment you
hear that little fella you're gone you
are evicted clean off my chest oh this
is what happens when you're a betting
man Mario next month when you see me
I'll be the one nipple man see you next
month more you bye yes yes that was
paying on time for the first time ever
thank you so much Jeffy yeah no problem
daddy but now I'm broke as a joke you're
broke as a joke
yeah you took all my money well I took
all your money yeah whatever father am i
I have to take all my son's money to pay
my bills
who are we gonna eat for this month I
don't have any more money all day
we can always eat the squishy taco Jeff
you can't eat that it's a taco day no
it's a toy Jeff you can't eat it's not
real we have to find a way to make some
more money to get by this month one day
we can always go on the corner and sling
some you know what no we're not gonna do
that w-well I just need to sit down and
think in a watch some TV yeah just relax
you know hey there does your kid want to
be in a commercial well you're in luck
green beans are looking for a new
spokesperson you know I have a sense the
Jolly Green Giant got in trouble for
whipping his string bean out in front of
some ladies but your kid could be in
every green bean commercial for the next
ten years and maybe even make millions
of dollars so if you think your kid has
what it takes to act in a commercial
just bring them on down an audition
today all you have to do is be in that
commercial you get paid a lot of money
on one promise daddy I don't like green
beans well I know that Jeffy but if
you're acting you can act like you like
green beans right well if we're acting
we can act like you're not bald
come on do a frost come on we need the
money all right
dang yeah come on let's go I know you
get the point I know you were your good
actor all right everybody quiet on the
set everybody ready I know I am I got my
coffee right here you know I like my
coffee like I like my women hot and
black what you heard me all lives matter
all right who wants to go first hey I
was wondering if maybe possibly my son
could go first huh okay and also you
know guarantee me that my son will get
this acting job well are you gonna give
me money for that well I just give you a
five well no you gave me a five so you
kid could go first here is that a $1
bill yeah that would be $6 yes that's a
lot of money you want to give me six
dollars so you kid could get on a
commercial that could potentially make
him millions of dollars yeah hey does
anybody have $7 so they can outbid this
guy you just just hold on to that and
you know make it happen how about you
just stop trying to bribe me and then
let your kid win fair and square
yeah you know I was gonna let you kid go
first anyway there's only two kids
auditioning what they've only two kids
auditioning yeah well they can I'd like
my $6 back no no go get your kid all
right Jeff
so right there and look handsome okay oh
you don't have to tell me twice daddy
oh my sexy beast all right Jeffy with so
many green beans commercial so I'm gonna
need a lot of energy out of you okay
uh-huh
and action oh oh cut cut sorry I forgot
to tell you what to do
that's my back all right when I say
action I want you to take a big ol bite
of green beans and then say who needs
dankmemes when you got a plate full of
green beans see it rhyme dankmemes
yeah we're trying to get kids to eat
that green beans and kids love memes all
right let's try this and action these
green beans taste like what's on your
cup it's unlike cope with Oh poop no cut
cut cut no you can't say the green beans
tastes like poop
well they do okay let's just try
something else all right when I say
action just look at the green beans and
say these green beans taste great okay
let's try that and action these green
beans taste like a grape but no cut cut
not grape great great great right
great great the green beans taste great
great the green beans taste like a grape
no no okay
okay let's listen let's try something
different all right now just look at the
green beans when I say action and say
these green beans taste awesome okay and
action these green beans taste like a
possum cut cut not a possum no awesome
possum awesome possum No okay okay okay
let's try something else let's try
something else
okay now when I say action look at the
green beans and just say these green
beans taste delicious
okay I think we can do that all right
and action these green beans taste
suspicious no no cut cut no you can't
say they taste suspicious look you make
it tell like you don't like them I don't
like them okay we're done here please
don't quit on what he's just really
nervous like give him something easier
to do easier okay okay this is the
easiest thing I can think of Jeffy okay
just just look at the green beans and
say mm-hmm okay let's try this and
action mmm no cut cut cut you can't say
mmm hmm you gotta say mmm like like the
good okay
not good all right okay and action
mm-hmm okay no this this is not gonna
work out do something easier okay okay
all righty this this is even easier all
right just just look at the green beans
and say these green beans a yummy okay
just please do that
and action these green beans are yucky
cut cut all right this is not working
get out of you another chart Oh get your
kid out of here go go yet to give us
another chance no okay I'm gonna try the
other kid first all right just go all
right Patrick
now when I say action I want you to say
boy oh boy oh I love green beans and
then take a bite okay and action
oh my god so crazy oh my god that was
beautiful there was amazing that was a
massive piece oh my god we've found our
green bean kid well what a minute I have
I have another five uh let my son try
again but this gets perfect he's a
natural and he loves green beans well
that was just a beginner's luck my son
is better than that kid and just let my
son try again and you'll see what true
acting looks like all right fine go get
you kid all right listen Patrick you got
the job but for some reason I'm gonna
let this other kid try again just just
go wait outside okay jumpy you're gonna
sit right there and do everything the
Knights director says okay all right
Maddie okay Jesse all I need you to do
is eat one green bean okay just one
green bean green beans
she doesn't like green bean oh we've got
a light green beans it's gonna eat them
okay action hey hey I'm the director I
say action and action
all right he's not gonna eat it you're
gonna run out of fives eventually hey I
don't think he's gonna do it okay okay
okay tell you what
if your kid eats that entire plate of
green beans I'm talking makes the whole
play disappear then he can be the green
bean game oh you know all the green
means make it all disappear like you're
become the green and action Wow
jumpy Wow all you had to do with one
green me just one green bean and we
become rich but no you just couldn't do
that what daddy would you want to suck a
fart through a straw what that's what
you're asking me to do if you wanted me
to eat that green bean chubby there are
two different things
what day give me a straw because I'd
rather suck a fart we checked it you
know all you have to do is he'll agree
me it was so simple oh damn kids
commercials on oh man I sure do love
eating green beans
it's like eating bullish but my mommy
doesn't yell at me I sure wish I had
some more green beans it's green beans
it's so crazy
thanks mother nature
know how he did dad Jeffy was so easy it
was so simple all you to do is eat it
that's all you had to do but no you
couldn't do that
and that will pour money now yeah
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]