[Music]
all right Steve why' you call me here
today I'm not Steve wait a minute you're
not Steve no I'm not Steve I'm a woman
she's a
woman so how you doing my name's ronold
yes I know who you are Mr McDonald good
so let me show you what I'm working
with yeah that's what I'm working with
no no no no that's what I'm working with
that's very nice thank you you want to
see it no I'm okay I would like to
discuss why we're here today so oh Jesus
Christ put that away that's real by the
way that's wonderful I don't need to see
it all right I put it away okay thank
you oh put it away that one had my
buttthole in it oh my gosh can we please
Focus yeah yeah okay so why where is
Steve Steve is sick he couldn't come no
I get that sometimes when I can't you
know what I'm saying I like to use my
imagination so I close my eyes and
pretend I'm in a Waffle House bathroom
with the door un locked and I'm just
going crazy on it I'm going crazy and
the thing that gets me off is that
someone could walk in any time that is
what really gets me going tell Steve to
try that okay I will can we please Focus
yes please I've been trying to do it the
whole time I got a date after this sir
you're quar Pounders what are you doing
after this okay no no I'm married me too
never stop me your Quarter Pounders
delicious they're making people sick
okay if people eat too much of anything
in one day it's going to make them sick
how many eaten in a day 2 5 17 they just
had one nah nah they didn't have just
one that doesn't make them sick I have a
quar pound of every single day there are
eoli in your Burgers what's eoli it's a
bacteria okay okay I got it I got it
doesn't take a rocket scientis we take
the quarter pounder we take the EOL out
we sell the quarter pounder we're trying
to do that but there are 70 people that
are already sick and 10 who have died
okay give them a refund what about the
people that died okay give their
families a refri I don't think that's
enough I got it give them all a free
large french fry no medium a free medium
french fry isn't going to fix this then
they're greedy and I'm sorry how many
people did you say died 10 10 and how
many people live in the world 8 billion
so you're telling me 10 out of 8 billion
people died that's like winning the
lottery you know what give him the large
french right give him to you could lose
Millions what is this what are you doing
right now I'm brushing off the millions
I make billions you think I give a [ __ ]
about millions in Dallas you might not
make billions if people are going
somewhere else for burgers cuz yours are
making them sick you know what I know
how to fix this hold on what are you
doing what record me what I said record
me doing what just
record hey there America it's your
favorite sweetheart here Ronald McDonald
and I bet you're wondering Ronald do
your Burgers have eoli no they don't
have EOL look at this beautiful Double
Quarter Pounder with cheese and [ __ ]
unbox it oh yeah look look at that
cheese look at the cheese cameraman you
see it look at the pickle oh a little
bit of onion action there and don't
forget the Sesame sa bun CER man come
smell this come smell this smell it you
know what that smells like good and you
know what Ronald does the good
America don't stop recording keep
going Dr Ronald does a good the America
e it
up doctor is he going to be okay he has
e Cori poisoning from eating
contaminated meat Ronald I told you
those Cal Pounders are
dangerous is he going to be okay Doctor
well his symptoms should go away in
about 3 to 5 days but if you'll excuse
me I have to give myself a prostate exam
Ronald are you okay
I I feel like I'm dying well Ronald your
problems have only gotten worse there
have been 20 more cases reported of eoli
since you've been in the hospital okay
give him a refund
Ronald we discussed this a refund isn't
enough also your stock prices have
dropped 5% be Burger King is beating you
now what did you just say Burger King is
beating you now oh hell oh hell no I'm
going to fix
that breaking news eoli has been found
in McDonald's Quarter Pounders and is
causing people to get sick please avoid
eating Quarter Pounders until the
outbreak is resolved oh my God not eoli
Jeffy huh don't eat that quarter pound
of with cheese why it might have ecoli
what eoli it's a bacteria Jeffy and it
can make you really really sick yeah
ecoli is usually found in poop oh well
I'm immune to that because sometimes I
li the toilet paper after I wipe What
don't don't don't don't ever do that I
know that's why I said sometimes cuz
sometimes I forget to do it what no
don't don't ever do it don't ever do
that I know cuz sometimes I forget to do
it no no no no no you forget to do it no
that means you're making it a priority
to do it don't ever do
it okay God there's someone at the door
do not eat that and don't lick toilet
paper we'll talk about that later
hello oh
God what are you okay no no I'm
not it's me Ronald MCD I know who you
are good hey what can I use your
bathroom cuz there is [ __ ] and pissing
this
bag oh God hold this hold this I don't
want to hold it e e who's at the door
Marvin it was Ronald McDonald really is
he here to give us a refund on our
Burger refund my ass I don't give
refunds well can we at least get a free
medium french fry
maybe yeah maybe Ronald why are you so
sick because I ate a qu pound of that
hadti coli and now I'm [ __ ] out my
mouth and puking out my ass oh yeah we
saw that on the news well the news is a
bunch of liar my food don't make nobody
[Applause]
sick Oh all over the carpet that's what
I need your help my help with what well
my cells are going down and Burger Kings
are going up and I need someone to get
the media attention off of me and onto
someone else like Burger King so what I
need you to do is go to Burger King buy
a wapper eat the wapper get sick from it
which shouldn't be too hot it's not even
real food it's disgusting go to the news
tell them you got sick from it and then
everyone's going to come back to Old rat
why don't you just eat the Whopper and
get sick that would be a little obvious
don't you think okay but a regular
Whopper is not going to make me sick
what a bit it's rat food I I'll rub it
on the ground and throw it in the toilet
and [ __ ] and then you can eat it you can
eat that [ __ ] I don't want to get sick
I'll pay you a million dollar a million
dollars yeah yeah I will baby I I think
I have to do this it's a million dollars
just to get sick for like what a few
days I don't know Marvin yeah go go get
a Whopper we'll tamper with it go oh God
I'll go get a Whopper go
boy okay guys I got a Whopper with
cheese oh buddy don't eat that just take
a picture of it the way it is and send
it to the news I get my customers back
cuz that [ __ ] is disgusting well no I
got to eat it I I got to get get sick
buddy I can't let you eat that it's not
worth your life you'll die if you eat
that well no I need the million dollar
so I'm I'm going to eat it listen buddy
if you want to die so bad give it here
what we'll tample with it we we'll make
you sick we're going to do this the
right way huh
[Music]
yeah oh
yeah we that
that oops
[Music]
wow would you look at that it looks so
much better now it actually looks edible
bone Apple titties now eat it I'm I'm so
sorry I don't think I can eat it Marvin
please don't so you don't want a million
dollars I I just don't think I can eat
that for a million dollar you literally
shaved your foot on it okay well fine I
I guess I'll just find someone else Hey
kid want to make a million bucks
uh yeah eat that [ __ ] okay well no Jeffy
do not eat it he he he rubbed it on the
toilet it was so disgusting but Danny
It's A Millie
cash do whatever you want to
do it's going to be okay Jeffy I don't
feel good hey there welcome to the
hospital how can I help you yes doctor
my son wait let me say it yes doctor my
son took a bite from this Burger King
Burger that they sold just like this and
now he's dying he's dying doctor help
him please someone help my son that I
love someone help call the news call the
news and tell him that Burger King
killed my son C you Burger King C you
well well well Ronald tampering with my
Burgers well if it isn't the [ __ ] King
you d trying to get attention away from
your E coli aren't you actually yeah
yeah you you're kind of now that Ratt on
the money that's exactly what I'm doing
well doing that to my Burgers is not
going to get rid of your eoli problem
trust me your burger looked a lot worse
before I put my seed in it you banged my
burger yeah yeah I did wait so you you
did tamper with this yeah okay well I
can't go to the news about that but I
think they would be very interested to
know that Ronald McDonald was banging
and hamburgers listen listen we we can
just forget this ever happened don't
worry about it okay well um you're still
going to give Jeffy a million dollars
for taking a bite of that right what the
[ __ ] oh wow we just got scammed we got
duped where's the doctor that was here
earlier oh yeah he found a lump in his
prostate so he's pretty worried about
that well where were you oh I was
playing Tetris in the bathroom yeah I
had a good run going so I didn't want to
stop you're attached to Burger King oh
look at that yeah I am H that's cool
[Music]