oh man I can't wait to watch Charlie and
fris it's my favorite show ever time for
Charlie who likes Charlie we like
Charlie everybody loves from Charlie
who's got Charlie where is Charlie there
is Charlie he got everything that you
need he likes to eat food and stuff but
Charlie he is he's awesome here's the
Charlie and
[Music]
friends Charlie and friends with filmed
in front of a live
audience oh hi guys I'm
Charlie and today I'mma drive this car
blindfolded what could go
wrong oh Charlie you can't drive
blindfolded that's so
dangerous
huh breaking news M famous TV actor from
the hit TV show Charlie and friends has
been arrested for reckless driving he
was driving blindfolded and hit a family
of six injuring everyone in the vehicle
what Charlie's in jail they'll never be
another new episode of Charlie and
friends all right zebra cakes are you
white with black stripes or black with
white
stripes sh
boss what are you doing Charlie just got
arrested wait so you're crying because
your favorite TV show character is in
jail yes and I don't think I ever stop
crying oh my God he's so
annoying Joseph I'm so bored me too dude
guys guys guys guys guys guys guys guys
guys guys guys what is it Cody my mom
bought me three tickets to a dinosaur
monster truck rally on Ice a dinosaur
monster truck rally on Ice yeah it's
dinosaurs driving monster trucks on Ice
oh my God that's so awesome yeah dude I
got to go are they real dinosaurs well I
mean it's obviously just guys in
dinosaur costumes driving monster trucks
but there's no way they can see out of
those costumes someone's going to die oh
I'm only going if someone dies dude yeah
I want to see someone die well I heard
at their last show in Denver a monster
truck plowed into the stands and killed
18 people oh we're totally going to die
yo we're definitely going to die dude oh
hold on hold on what row are we row one
baby oh we're going to die road kill oh
we got to go we got to go we got to go
come on let's go oh let's go let's go
hold on I got to ask my dad I don't have
parents lame wait hold look my dad's
going to let me go cuz my dad loves to
see me
happy oh Charlie I'm so
sad um hey Dad uh Hey Dad I know you're
crying but um I got to ask you something
dad what do you want junior um so my
friends have tickets to dinosaur monster
truck rally on ice and we're really
hoping the monster truck will like jump
in the stands and kill us so can I go no
you can't go if I'm not happy then
you're not happy well why are you
unhappy dad because Charlie's in jail
and I'm not going to be happy until he's
out of
jail
okay what a long face buddy what' your
dad say he said no
loser I mean what's wrong with your dad
dude yeah I didn't know he was such a
Square well he only said no cuz he's sad
why is he sad because his favorite TV
show character Charlie got arrested oh
for what dude I don't know o I'm going
to look it up oh my God what'd he do it
says he was driving blindfolded and he
crashed into a minivan with a family of
six in it ooh did they die no they just
all sprain their ankles really bad a but
still that's so stupid you know he's
young he's a millionaire he has his
whole life ahead of him and he threw it
all away cuz he decided to drive him
paired well my dad said he's only going
to be happy when Charlie gets out of
jail oh Junior he's not getting out of
jail anytime soon he's going to be in
there for at least 5 days 5 days well I
was hoping that if Charlie got out my
dad would be happy enough to let me go
to the monor truck rally well he's not
getting out tonight Junior but look the
monster truck rally doesn't start for
another 2 hours so you have until then
to conv your convince your dad to let
you go you know you know that's what I
meant to say but my brain decided to
shut down yeah I can tell well listen
Okay so we have 2 hours what if we break
Charlie out of jail okay and then we
bring him here and then my dad meets
Charlie and he's so happy he'll let me
go to the m trck rally Junior that's a
lot of work to go through just to see
dinosaurs driving monster trucks on ice
what Cody when will I ever see dinosaurs
driving monster trucks on ice again I
mean probably never I'm pretty sure this
is their last show I mean they have a
lot of lawsuits going on cuz a lot of
people have died and I mean it's pretty
crazy if you think about it it's just
literally people in dinosaur costumes
driving monster trucks on Ice it's a
total [ __ ] show like they're going to
jump the ramp when they land they can't
use the brakes because of the ice and
they're just going to plow into the
stands and people are going to die it's
going to be really short I have to go to
that yeah it does sound awesome okay so
guys who with me to break Charlie out of
jail tonight uh you guys have fun
breaking Charlie out of jail I'm going
to go ahead and go to the to the monster
truck rally and take my seat Joseph get
me some popcorn popcorn he didn't hear
me Cody will you please help me break
Charlie out of jail I have to go to this
mon truck rally I don't know pretty
please with what on top pretty please
with a cherry on top okay yeah I'll do
it oh okay let's go okay so my plan is
we're going to go to the jail we're
going to go to the visitation hours for
Charlie and then we're going to break
him out oh oh I know I know I could I
could hide a key up my butt I hide a key
up your butt yeah I mean you think
that'll help I mean I guess well it's
already up there so I'll just do that
and we'll see what happens
okay all right there he is Charlie the
criminal now you guys get 5 minutes of
visitation but no funny business I get
my eyes on you all right Cody we have to
break him out
quick hey Charlie
oh hi guys I'm Charlie and today I'm in
[Applause]
jail oh I didn't realize you talk like
that all the time yeah it's really weird
hey Charlie we want to help you you want
to help me well I haven't had my one
phone call today I don't have my cell
phone that's pretty good where's the
Laughing coming from I don't know
Charlie we want to help you break out of
here help me break out I'm not a Genie
in a
lamp now I see why he has writers no no
we want to help you break out of jail
break me off a piece of that Kit Kat bar
no no no we want to help you break out
of jail look look look look look so this
what we want to do so we want you to
fake like you're sick and then we're
going to tell the guard that you're
really sick he's going to open up the
the cell and then when he gets in here
we're going to knock him out and you're
going to escape with us sounds like a
plan all right let's go let's go get the
guard okay guard guard guard what what
is it did he want you to sneak him
something in your butt no oh well then
what is it uh Charlie is really sick you
have to go check on him take care of him
take care of him I'm not his little
mommy you're in jail get over it well no
no no I think Charlie might die he's
like really sick he he might die oh man
he'd be the third person to die in here
this week all right fine I'll just check
on
all right Charlie act like you're sick
my C so bad poop so
much man Charlie you don't even have
your pants down he's pooping in his
pants well well shouldn't you go in
there and change him change him no he's
a Gro ass man oh I keep
pooping yeah you should definitely
change them all right I I'll at least
try to change them let me unlock this
wait a minute these aren't the cell Keys
these are my car keys I drive a Hyundai
Sonata in stormy sea blue it's sick well
can you just like let him out you see
this button right here I can make my car
back up without even being inside well
you should really like open the cell we
should go check on him well I can't do
it with these I'm going to have to put
these back these are the cell keys well
hurry up and open it get it
open all right poopy pants take those
clothes off take my clothes off you have
to take me to dinner first where the
hell is that laugh track coming from
he's in solitary confinement there's no
one around yeah it's really weird so hey
uh if you don't want to change his poopy
pants I'll do it really you do that for
me yeah it doesn't seem like you want to
do it no I really don't like wiping
grown men's poopy butts okay you can do
it okay so uh if you just cover your
eyes for like 5 minutes I'll change his
pants you know what I'm going to trust
you cuz you definitely don't seem like
the kind of person who would break him
out of jail then take him home to your
dad cuz your dad's his biggest fan and
then Harbor a fugitive for a while until
I randomly come search your house what
no no I would never do that I know you
wouldn't buddy I'm going to cover my
eyes now okay uh come on Charlie let's
go change your pants Escape Escape
Escape run run run run run run r
you know it sure sounds like I was wrong
about
you all right Charlie this is my house
oh wow a lot better than the place we
were just at why are they laughing that
wasn't that funny I think they laugh at
everything he says all right Charlie I
need you to meet my dad okay come on oh
Dad we have a surprise for
you Jesus Christ uh Dad Dad where are
you Dad your dad must have left when you
were 5 years old like mine did well no
no no I promise he was here here sure he
was little one oh no no let's go ask
chef peipe chef who now oh man I can't
wait to eat my
applesauce come on get in there God hey
Chef peipi what do you want you're not
trying to eat this applesauce why don't
you just use a normal spoon because all
the spoons are dirty Cody well why don't
you just pour the applesauce into the
ladle and eat it out of that shut up
Cody um SHP do you know what my dad is
oh yeah your dad is so depressed I think
he said he was going to a monster truck
rally to get ran over by a truck wa what
so your dad would have D monster truck
on guys yeah yeah that's it but Cody my
dad went to the M Truck Rally well that
means we can just go he won't know okay
then let's go screw the whole Charlie
thing okay come on Cody we got to go
where are you guys going oh uh I forgot
he was here yeah um so we're going to a
monster truck rally oo can I come uh we
don't have enough tickets H yeah so so
go hide somewhere in the house ooh I
love hide and seek come on Cody hurry
we're going to be late hey uh hello
officer don't Hello officer me you broke
my trust and now I'm mad I'm really mad
and you wouldn't like me when I'm mad
because I throw things and I say things
I don't mean ugly face I'm sorry I
didn't mean that you're actually kind of
cute officer I didn't lie to you Charlie
broke out of jail on his own oh so
you're telling me you didn't Brak
Charlie out of jail and then bring him
back to your house to show your dad cuz
your dad's his biggest fan just so you
could go to some kind of monster truck
rally with Dinosaurs and Ice no well
that's what it looks like to me H I
promise that's not what happened Charlie
is not in this house you promise I
promise you pinky promise I pinky
promise okay I guess I believe you wait
a minute is that a laugh track that that
means he's here he's telling jokes and
that means you lied to me I'm going to
go look for him okay Cody while he looks
for Charlie let's go to the monst rally
no no no no no no no you don't you're
not my hat here you go officer here's
your hat what thank you you know what
you can go I like you thanks what he
gets to go yeah cuz I like him he got my
hat people don't do that kind of thing
anymore but I don't like you because you
lied to me twice I didn't mean to lie I
mean I didn't lie he's not here can I go
to the mon rally no you and me are going
to go look for Charlie in your house now
come on okay all right now where could
Charlie be I'm telling you he's not in
this house I don't believe you anymore
liar H oh I know how to make Charlie
come out time for Charlie who likes
Charlie we like Charlie everybody loves
some Charlie who's got Charlie where's
Charlie there's Charlie oh dang it he
got me you lied three times triple Liar
come here Charlie all right Charlie
you're going back to jail for 5 days no
my butt can't handle jail well you
should have thought about that before
before you drove blindfolded come on
well maybe I can still make the monster
truck rally man that monster truck rally
was amazing oh it was totally awesome I
loved it you guys are back the monster
truck rally ended already yeah it ended
early cuz people died yeah monster truck
flew over our head and it killed the
people in the row behind us yeah the
tires missed our head by like an inch
those people are so lucky oh man I had a
blast Junior I even forgot Charlie was
locked up and I missed all that yeah
sucks to be you D while you were gone
Charlie was in the house what did I tell
you about L Junior you're grounded
oh what a long face buddy
[Music]