Mario I wonder what Jesse's doing he's
probably staring at a wall chime play
kickball my friend
no Mario Jeffy could use some fresh air
yeah Danny listen to your woman well let
me turn on the news and check the
weather and make sure it's not gonna
rain or something like a tornado you're
watching news and now time for the
weather but first it's time for the joke
of the day why did the ducky get
arrested because you got caught selling
quack now time for the weather today's
weather forecast is a sunny no cloudy
sunny blue sky a.m. with a random chance
of lightning so make sure to look out
for those random quacks of lightning huh
kid it quacks like a duck huh well would
you look at that too bad so sad you
can't be outside there's lightning but
Mario it's a sunny day today and no
clouds
good so knowing all right Jeff you ready
to kick the ball yeah junior may kick
the ball so hard I'm gonna kick it over
your fence please don't because then we
have to go get it oh don't worry about
it dude I have Lee's I could just die
over there and get it okay all right
Jeff are you ready to kick it yeah okay
whoa
you
well Jamie you kicked the ball in the
forest why George I was gonna kick in
the over defense what are we gonna do
dude I'll go look for it okay how about
you look in the air and me and Geoffrey
go look on the ground okay I got you
dude
all right Jeff let's go look for the
ball all right okay Jeffy do you see the
ball what color was it
what color was it was red you just
kicked it oh I'll remember it being red
jr. my daughter's more like a maroon or
like a crimson it was red Oh Junior get
a big green I don't even know I wouldn't
pay anything with that lightning it's
not even raining outside okay
oh I'm fine here hi guys tree stuck on
my wing Mike's probably broken probably
need to be amputated I'm doing just fine
jr. okay good okay that's why it's so
heavy
yeah just like your mom okay look I need
more people to help me look to the other
tree off your leg so I'm gonna help okay
all right doing your honey just stay
right here okay
I don't have a choice Junior okay look
if a lion cub just just try not to be a
cheeseburger okay
all right thanks for the advice how'd
you stay right here her babies oh yeah
you haven't done your tour - you're
going to get that trash but take out the
trash yeah you know you have to do your
toys you can't eat it think it see
you've done your toys okay I'll take out
the trash real quick Jimmy you better
hurry up the traps not gonna eat pizza
rolls all right said baby I took out the
trash all right Julia there's a be
thorough
oh they look so good be careful golf
tournament gets Tiger was he's really
gonna go away
Junior I don't understand what you're
saying just eat your pizza rolls okay
home stupid tree stupid outside stupid
dirt stupid fly stupid goofy-looking
alligator there needs them he'll know
I'm fine my friend Junior say he's gonna
help me Oh will you look stuck
lift this tree up I'm pretty strong no I
said I'm fine
buffering juniors gonna go get some help
what's going on here oh hey mr. squirrel
our friend here is you need to get that
real for you no I said my friend junior
is going to go get some help I said
before I turn you I'm tired of you
playing games started fires in the house
oh you need to go and take a bath
oh good we take a bath right now before
tell your dad you know what I'm gonna
pick you in the bath come on
cheeseburger good tonight like a
cheeseburger gonna be a hot dog oh hot
dog that's a cheeseburger you need to
take a bath then you gonna be in your
room all day great for starting that
fire look here's a boss or you better
clean
oh that's nice oh yes mr. camel
my name is not mr. camel it's Camille
huh beep uh Bob and I'm gonna try to
move this tree lock I'm gonna try to
move it with my hoof booze booze booze
well that's all I could do by jr. you
said maybe you have to listen to me I
don't want to hear it - you're you're
grounded you're gonna stay in this room
okay but Jimmy needs help we didn't
watch that baby like a tree fogged up
he's like any stuck in the woods like
what yeah
jumpy Nijo his life broke into the tree
on it hey we need weed eat the trap is
like I'm helping you you better not be
pranking me junior follow me baby
oh my god alright be jumpy down here
somewhere where is he - here I don't
know I kind of forgot where we're at I
mean it look like this there were trees
and they were leave hurry up you're
wasting my time I promised a Chevy Tahoe
you need our help
there's a tree on his leg because we
were looking for my ball they kicked in
the woods and lightning struck a tree
and I fell on his leg lightning Julia
it's sunny a.m. there's no lightning
around that's what I thought we didn't
like me socket renal and I was like we
need to help him
Junior I'm about to go home please look
we have to find Jimmy baby look what my
ball Junior
wow you're the lowest of the low I can't
believe you you're actually gonna tell a
lie about your friend getting stuck in
there a tree and breaking his leg so I
could come and get a ball for you that
is true that really did happen
but I just found my ball it's up in that
tree can you get it Junior how am I
going to get in that tree I have no legs
well we climb it with just our arms you
know Julie that's
work look I'm going home okay there's
some people please get my bow actually
I'll find this freaking stick or
something okay junior I've got a really
big stick and I got this okay sighs
stick to you know talk about sugar your
jokes aren't funny can you set me up my
ball
we should be laughing at my joke since
I'm doing this favor for you but you get
my ball chef peepee all right shut up
move Wow chef peepee you suck what do
you want to try do you know that sticks
too heavy
yeah that's what I thought yeah but I'll
just try anything for the ball what do
you think I'm aiming at huh the branches
ooh I made the ball thank you for
getting it are you happy now - here can
we go home yeah I mean we have my ball
now I forgot what we came out here
anyway we'll get your ball let's go okay
[Applause]
here forever and I'm gonna die hey kid
you wanna play a game
screw ball and I'm here to help all
right kid I'm tired so here you can do
the rest
I know dude I'm so glad you got the ball
back I know I love this ball where did
you find it
it was stuck in a tree wait how did you
get it down Shep you had to get a stick
oh man I couldn't even see it from the
sky dude but really no not at all I just
feel like I'm forgetting something
wait what could you be forgetting we
have a ball I don't know I just feel
like I forgot some in the woods hey
junior forgetting something we got the
ball back Jeffy
[Music]