Hey hey Jeffy what are you doing I just
finished making my list of all the
things I want for my birthday tomorrow
okay what's the first thing you want
well first thing on my list Disney World
what Geoffrey you're not getting Disney
World Disney was really expensive and
it's really far away so you're not
getting that what's the second thing on
your list Disney World
what's the third thing unless you're not
getting Disney World Disney World
Jeffie what is the fourth thing I'd know
Disney World what else on the list
besides Disney World they call Disney
World daddy you're not going to Disney
World to expend really far away one day
the only thing I want for my birthday
this year it's Disney World you told me
yesterday the only thing you wanted for
your birthday was a minion playing a
guitar want change mama daddy
well I guess I'm gonna have to return
this then well you don't have to return
it I'll still play with it no Jeff you
look you're not getting Disney well you
could choose something else this is my
birthday you should be my favoritest
birthday ever
I'm turning 50 which is 3ds that be 12
Jeffy what's not my ball I don't have an
extra finger on your hand
Oh Jeff you look you're not getting
DigiWorld and that's final ones to go
make a whole new list okay
I can't afford it
I wish there was a cheaper version of
Disneyworld
hey you are you poor can't afford to
take your kid to Disney World
well come on down to Sam's fun City we
get rides we got games and we got goofy
what's a poofy come on down and find out
oh my god that's exactly what I needed
I'm gonna tell Jeffy that's Disney World
and I'll just take him there
I mean you won't know the difference
he's so stupid he'll think it's Disney
World yes he's gonna save my life and
Jenny's gonna think I'm a good dad Jeffy
Jeffy get in here tell me you hate me
some more no Jeffy I have a huge
surprise for you tomorrow for your
birthday what is it I'm not gonna tell
you Jeff you had to ruin the surprise
but look I just want you to go to bed so
in the morning I can take you to this
super secret surprise place for your
birthday tomorrow okay okay Danny let's
get you in bed Jeffy Jeff me get in here
are you ready for your birthday surprise
oh yeah dang I'm ready I don't know
puffy balls yeah you're turning 15 years
old Jeffy yep what oh nine my balls
dropped
well that happens when you're 15 Jeff
you anyway it's your birthday so I'm
gonna take you somewhere really special
for your birthday it's a big surprise so
follow me okay oh all right Jeffy
welcome to Disney World people the
people uh Jeffy I rented out Disney
World just for you you did Danny yep are
you a billionaire yep I'm a billionaire
yeah your billion yummy tell my friend
you have to keep it a secret don't tell
anybody why de because I don't want
people asking for money oh yeah cuz
you're two sharing right now yep yep so
what do you what you wanna go do first
oh I see the castle Danny where's that
the castle uh Jeff you didn't hear you
didn't hear that
Disney roll got rid of the castle why
dang meet Mickey Mouse he had to sell
the castle he could afford it he ain't
doing it because you want to buy a shirt
he only wears shorts so you wanted a
shirt so again he wanted a very
expensive shirt so he sold the castle
but the fountain that they replaced it
with this fountain see oh yeah it's not
going to Castle what I'll do yeah all
right look go right to ride
you arrived Oh daddy daddy can we write
the G or a frog yeah sure the
merry-go-round that's a nice safe ride
yeah let's go look I'm in jail wrap this
is so peepee yes Jeff it's very peepee
day how'd they get to jr. after staying
right here
well Jeffy there's a pole going through
his back they're not real javelin
they're not real they're fake stop the
ride hey can we write this line right
here Jeffy oh that looks like a big boy
ride daddy do I not look like a big boy
you I'm 15 years old
Jeff you're still wearing a diaper right
so I don't pee my pants daddy
big boys don't pee their pants jiffy
come on dad's ride this ride yeah I
tried doom Jeffy this ride like spin
this around a lot of circles I'm about
to throw up
hopefully not oh don't make yourself
throw up okay it's starting stop it's
not even it's not even going that fast
you
I just put on now you just brought yeah
Danny I want to ride the cars look at
Jeffy you don't have your license you
can't drive 15 I want my apartment but
Jeff be like you might wreck and then we
might get hurt and you don't might get
hurt on your birthday we don't go super
slow I promise I'll go too slow at the
car can go super slow yeah
promise okay fine let's go nice and slow
just like you said right I didn't like
so are you gonna have to like slow
jumping your grandpa why did you have to
like that okay so look just drive nice
and slow and go straight okay just
scraping the wall jumping straight
okay
hey daddy how is my driving never again
never will I ever let your drive ever
again you're never getting a license
want I'd ever any good good no no you
did it no you're not supposed to hit the
wall all you did was hit the wall oh
okay can we write the big wheel right
next
no Jeffy you can't get on that ride
Danny because it's so tall and high up
and and unsafe look you could fall out
of that thing oh my daddy will see well
I'm not wearing a helmet you can but
then you won't have your helmet it's the
whole thing
[Music]
[Applause]
Dave there's nothing I want do more on
my birthday then the hit that wash yes w
night oh my don't
my face hurts
Oh daddy don't talk to me jumpy do not
talk to me your birthday's over what day
I get to see Mickey Mouse well you're
not gonna see Mickey Mouse one day cuz
he doesn't exist
don't you start crying you got my face
on my watch oh jesus what happen to your
face I got split my walls oh you must
have been riding the ferris wheel
yeah the things riddled with loss well
thanks for the heads up yeah well anyway
I need a favor from you
okay what do you have like a Mickey
Mouse costume you can dress out to
pretend to be Mickey Mouse my son really
wants to be Mickey Mouse and no we don't
really have Mickey Mouse
we have goofy the Moose goofy the moose
yeah boofie he's like you like the
mascot of this place I guess okay well I
guess it's better than nothing can you
do that yeah sure I'll go wake him up
okay all right Jeffy we couldn't get you
Mickey Mouse but we got you something
even better
one shot Danny yes
I want a Mickey Mouse movie the Moose is
awesome the movie movie you're moving
dance come on come on Jeffy smile
dancers movie though
hey yeah that's not gonna work what
boofie you don't like em no no Jeffy
does not like goofy boy come on but it's
booty though
yeah I know it's booty but he really
wants Mickey Mouse well look we don't
have Mickey Mouse's birthday though well
it's my birthday too and I don't want to
be here but look here I am okay okay
look how bout this I'll pay you extra if
you just please find a Mickey Mouse
costume please okay fine I guess I can
go make a costume yeah thank you so much
I know you want Mickey Mouse Jeffy
that's why I made some phone calls and
pulled some strings and look who showed
up
Mickey Mouse yes it's me it's Mickey
Mouse so so what do you want to meet you
Mickey Mouse okay great so we done here
what okay give Mickey Mouse come back to
the house for cake no no Mickey Mouse
can't do that Mickey Mouse doesn't get
off work til 5:00 well maybe Mickey
Mouse can come if I pay him an extra
five yeah I guess Mickey Mouse could
swing that sure yeah so let's go back to
the house and have some cake
all right Jeffy are you ready for us to
see you happy burglar so you brought
your candles and make a wish
yeah Danny I still can't believe I get
to eat cake with Mickey Mouse you know
it's my birthday too
you guys could have got me a present or
something I've got the same birthday
it's Mickey Mouse yeah yeah yeah anyway
let's sing happy birthday happy birthday
to Jeffy
okay happy birthday to Jeffy
happy birthday to Jeffy happy birthday
to you all right blow your candles jumpy
you make a wish
yeah dang cool how about we re light
those candles and then we sing happy
birthday to me this time I'm not paying
you for that so stop it okay you know
what how about
ouch
I cut them up into little pieces and I
wore spin like a suit would you wish for
what you wish for
you're not gonna throw your cake jumpy
[Applause]
okay fine Debbie says your birthday
weave is the last thing you're doing for
your birthday make it quick okay you
happy yet free birthday yeah yeah well I
hope you had a good birthday Jeffy I did
daddy
[Music]