oh man I can't wait to watch Charlie and
Friends
it's my favorite show ever Charlie and
Friends is filmed in front of a live
audience
hi guys I'm Charlie and today I'm a
throw a space party but first I got a
planet hey are you Charlie and Friends
fans out there do you want to see
Charlie live on stage then come to
Canada today to see him live on stage I
need you to take me to Canada right now
wait Canada why because Charlie is
performing live and I need you to take
me there so I can see him right now
well I don't even have a passport
bouncer I can't go
well I'll throw you over the border wait
what about jr. well he's a big boy he
can watch himself so take me to Canada
now wait what time is it 7:41 did chef
baby wake me up what wait a minute I
don't want to go to school today
I never want to go to school what if I
just pretend to be sick Thank You June
wait a minute Chevy was gonna put a
thermometer up my butt huh
there's gotta be another way uh-oh Wi-Fi
what if I pretend to get my head stuck
between this yeah my head stuck at the
bug bag I can't go to school
 baby okay but it really is stuck
chef's baby out me sheffy me wake up
chef peepee champey be wake up my head
stock shabby me baby are you here
somebody help me today we're gonna be
running our mouth rest but before we get
started I'm gonna call Rome
so the phone same on the wrist is jr.
jr. jr. are you here
no jr. is gonna be extra homework for
everyone for not Joseph where's jr. I
don't know maybe he's sick I'm gonna
call it is nobody here
Joseph he's not answering well let's go
to his house after school I couldn't
reach my phone forever
who's a good boy good boy okay jumpy
kids what do you do I need your help I
need to climb this ladder over here on
my bunk bed and if you come up here and
hand me my phone do you do it you can do
good boy
Chompy there you go chopping there you
go good boy
Chompy come boy come here boy come here
boy good boy choppy okay what I need you
to do yeah you hand me the phone so I
can call for help
what No choppy
hand me the phone what are you call
another one thank you for calling the
naughty dog hotline have you been a bad
boy ooh tell me what you're wearing
boo you like being tied up chains that's
hot
hey Cody I'm getting really worried
about Julia dude I think it was speech
school they go and check on them
Josie you can't skip school dude I'm
already homeless I don't need it
education to be homeless
all right fine just text me and let me
know if he's okay okay dude my phone
died
chopping your help but you're too busy
calling bimbos choppy look look go find
my dad or sheppy they tell me help me Oh
Junior's okay Julia Julia Julia okay
something is up my spidey senses is
definitely tingling now - you're always
answers the door hmm
I got a climb up - window she what's up
oh it's no use
I bet the person already left Julia
so soon do you do up here oh boy school
today dude my head stuck at the bug bed
oh that's uh yeah it's a few come inside
help me um well yeah coming over the
window dude I can't open them with my
head stuck in the butt way oh you'll
have to break the window just open it
with your hands okay yeah either oh so
glad you okay dude George that my head
stuck in the bug bed
wait how did it happen well I was trying
to pretend like my hair school something
has to be wrong junior and Joseph aren't
answering their phones with wait Junior
joking don't worry guys I'm coming I
just have to get up to that roof but
don't worry I know parkour I'm gonna
jump from this bush to that pillar up to
that roof all right watch this oh well
the front door was unlocked so I just
came in oh well can you help us our
heads stuck in the bunk bed I was trying
to skip school today by pretending my
head was still it and then it really got
stuck it doesn't matter if you get us
out yeah okay but just pull us out look
start with Joe he's a poem put behind
get him out can do I have to spit on a
spit on it yeah grease him up in like
makeup slipper he spit on them okay good
Oh your dress Joseph
ah sorry guys I'm done what that's all I
have in me come on Cody what more do
banging do it one more big pool Jim jr.
Joseph's head came off jr. why does this
keep happening
why is his neck so flimsy I don't know
Cody get me out of here oh do you want
me to pull you too no no no I don't want
my head to come off what do you want me
to do Junior go in the kitchen and grab
some like butter or some chocolate syrup
or some whipped cream yeah and put all
over my neck and get me out of here oh
yeah okay yeah that'll work
hey do you want me to get some
strawberries too yeah yeah yeah you're
right that that wouldn't help you at all
I'll go get the stuff out of here yeah
stupid fire hydrant inspection duty how
do I even inspect it yeah it's a fire
hydrant it's red there I inspected it
what's that boy little Timmy's trapped
in the well my wife's been cheating on
me again but there's a kid with his head
stuck in a bunk bed
I guess I'll follow him yeah okay Junior
I like it find in the kitchen was
whipped cream and maple syrup
don't use maple syrup maple syrup sticky
I'm trying to get unstuck you're the
whipped cream okay whatever you want
Junior I just gotta get you ready first
Oh III was I was trying to push you
through one more time and it didn't work
well quarter you heard about the whipped
cream okay you ready Junior hurry up
it's gonna be a little cold
Oh three up my neck my neck Cody's yeah
hey there you don't let me he said you
were trapped in a bunk bed yeah I'm
stuck can you help me who is that oh
that was just my friend can you help me
yeah wait it is that another kid's head
yeah that came up get me out of here huh
I don't know how I'm gonna get you out
of here
oh I know I'll go get the jaws of life
okay
what is that it's the jaws of life get
it jaws like the shark we're gonna save
my life no well what's now it's just a
stuffed animal Oh get me out of here I
don't know how to get you out tick well
break the wood or something break the
wood look I'm a firefighter I know how
to put out fires maybe save a cat from a
tree but I can't break bunk beds come on
just matter wood you can break it like
karate yourself dude well usually when
I'm trying to get rid of wood I just
beat it so yeah usually it would have
been gone by now oh come on okay okay I
have I have one more idea well we're
going oh well I guess there's nothing
more I can do here just gonna have to
leave no don't leave get me out of here
yeah I'm gonna have to leave with my
blue-eyes White Dragon blue-eyes White
Dragon that's so rare yeah my blue-eyes
White Dragon he's super valuable
he's even signed what side you signed it
oh I don't know maybe you've heard of
blue-eyes White Dragon
blue-eyes White Dragon side that yep he
signed it himself signed it right on the
back show me show me oh I can't show you
I'd have to take it out of the case and
I don't want it to lose value Oh Oh give
it to you if you get yourself out of
that bunk bed just don't want a
blue-eyes White Dragon just gonna have
to put this blue-eyes White Dragon in a
paper shredder
this is my blue-eyes White Dragon you
have it well I just said that to get you
out of the bunkbed and look it works
yeah out of the bunkbed
congratulations say thank you well
everyone wants a blue-eyes White Dragon
kid that doesn't mean everybody gets one
you can't handle this much power he has
an attack of 3000 you can't handle that
that's so cool you bet your sweet bippy
it's cool oh okay look I'll tell you
what I'll give you a black rose dragon
instead he's basically a flower is he
powerful no his attack is like 2,400 oh
okay well I guess I'll accept this one
oh thank you firefighter you have a nice
life kid wow I can't believe you
actually need a password to get into
Canada I tried to tell you Bowser
Shepherd you white choco we're trying to
get into Canada but they wouldn't let us
in oh well all day my head was stuck in
the bunk bed I almost died oh really you
should show me yeah sure you all right
chef PB look my head stuck perfect deal
you look beautiful Junior help me gonna
help you get out that's perfect you
gotta stay right there while I go to
sleep get some rest
[Music]