foreign
[Music]
what's wrong Junior I want to eat cereal
but we're all out of milk and I don't
want to eat Dry Cereal well don't worry
Junior I got a machine right here now
fix it what's the machine called it's
called a breast pump you put this little
thing right here over your nipple and it
sucks the milk out there's milk in our
nipples it sure is Junior it's called
the infinite milk glitch they just
haven't patched it yet that's so cool
yeah Junior what type of bees make milk
what boobies let's get this thing
started put this under my shirt my
nipple and let's Crank It Up all the way
full blast
oh yeah oh I'm almost there is it
popping the milk out oh yeah
hey guys what are you doing oh we're
pumping milk for my cereal
what you know with the milk pump but
that's not gonna work oh they patched it
what they patched the infinite milk
glitch no only girls can make milk with
their boobs oh girls get all the fun
they get periods and milk but we can
make yogurt but not for my nipples
what's that Cody oh I'm glad you asked
behold the hot potion is it hot you know
it's like lukewarm what's it do oh well
you know how you're always making fun of
me because my acne and my teeth and my
glasses and my hair yeah it's all ugly
yeah exactly well this is gonna fix all
that it's gonna clear up my acne make my
teeth white get rid of my glasses and
make my hair beautiful well then hurry
up and drink it go well see that's the
problem I need my key ingredient which
is uh horseshoe crab blood well go to
the beach and grab a crab I don't want
to go all the way down to the beach oh
there's sand everywhere and it gets in
my shoes and my butt crack and then I
gotta put on sunscreen because I don't
want to get a sunburn but then I always
miss a spot and get a sunburn anyway and
then I'm sticky and I smell like
sunscreen and then I'm all tired when I
come home and I have to take a shower
it's just I don't want to go go through
all that well why don't I just buy some
crab blood well it's like 60 000 dollars
a gallon oh why so expensive well
because if the horseshoe crab blood
comes in contact with the air it becomes
useless so you got to take it out of the
horseshoe crab without it being exposed
to the boring science okay we're long
story short I need horseshoe crab blood
well I'm gonna watch some TV TV okay
[Music]
hello I am Dr Friedrich fingerships and
today I will show you my newest
invention the cure for the flu all kinds
if you take my cure you will never get
the flu again now I have created it from
horseshoe crab blood sea monkey piss
Mercury and just a little hint of
crushed up caterpillar and this is a
martini I have made for me to celebrate
yes so I've combined these ingredients
to create my cure I will now inject
myself with the flu so that I can test
out my cure yes
oh yes oh that's good flu oh yummy that
is what daddy likes okay now I
oh my God
holy [ __ ] that I have given myself AIDS
this was the AIDS needle I meant to grab
the flu needle and why why is the Ace
needle here I clearly labeled it so this
wouldn't happen
okay well I don't have a cure for AIDS
just the flu so I guess I will get to
work on the edge car now
bye Dave he stopped the Friedrich finger
sheets
and I have the AIDS Junior you see that
yeah you got AIDS but no I mean that's
very sad but no he has horseshoe crab
blood all the stuff you need yes it's my
missing ingredient
I think we should go steal the horseshoe
crab blood from Dr Finkle [ __ ] Cody
that's impossible he like we worked in a
laboratory with guns and robots and
security no junior he lives in his mom's
basement it wouldn't be that hard oh he
does yeah okay well I mean if you want
to go try to steal it we can yeah let's
go steal it so I can be high all right
let's go guys okay this is Dr
finkelshit's House
thank you hello uh is Dr finkelshits
here oh yes I'm his mother he's down in
the basement I think he gave himself
AIDS oh well can we go see him oh yes
yes
uh Cody I don't think this is a good
idea
you do grab blood well hurry up
but don't touch anything okay
which one is it yeah
guys I told you not to touch anything
who knows what kind of chemical reaction
you could have caused maybe you made
poison gas that killed Dr Finkle ships
and his mom and she was hot too you
thought his mom was hot yeah I mean I'm
gay but I pipe what Cody why are you so
ugly that's what I'm telling you Junior
that's why I need the Potion No you're
uglier than usual really what oh damn it
I must have dropped my glasses when I
was running away wait when did you get a
blue couch Cody it's a red couch oh man
I forgot I'm colorblind when I'm not
wearing my glasses I did grab the right
potion right this is the blue one
[Music]
I just
had it ignore me then it's fine I know I
grabbed the right one this is the blue
one you don't have to tell me I already
know it's blue totally blue don't even
have to tell me it's blue I know I'm
just gonna add a little dash of the blue
one but correct me if I'm wrong though
guys
just a little bit of the blue
all right that'll do ah just enough blue
now you guys ready for me to be hot
yeah okay
cheers
how's it taste well it's kind of minty
it's kind of a nougaty sort of flavor
[Music]
hold on there's something I want to do
what are you doing we get there what is
that and then yeah right there well Cody
can you see no I can't see what'd he do
he had a googly eyes I don't want googly
eyes I won't realize God damn it call it
Doctor Who call a doctor hey there
somebody called a doctor yeah
okay rude I was in the middle of talking
we use our inside voices here my eyes
get blown off okay who shot this kid in
the face with a shotgun who Kurt Cobain
this boy well he actually did it to
himself oh so he did Kurt Cobain himself
no I drink a potion what a potion what
are you Harry Potter you're not Harry
Potter knock it off no the potion's
right here whoa kid what is in this well
I just combined parrot piss with
nitroglycerin and a little bit of
horseshoe crab blood huh well those all
seem like perfectly normal ingredients
to me I don't know why your face would
have blown off yeah well the hardest
thing to get was the horseshoe crab
blood it's over there in that blue vial
well I don't see a blue vial I see a red
vial the vial's red right here
it was red
what does red mean well red means that
it's Mercury not horseshoe crab blood
what kid you can't combine Mercury with
parrot piss and nitroglycerin that makes
a very powerful head bomb no wonder your
face blew off well what do I do doctor
well I have some googly eyes out in my
car no I won't realize well can you give
them like an eye transplant well yeah I
mean I guess I can go back to the
hospital and see if anybody died who can
donate their eyes yeah do that okay I'll
be right back all right I'm back I
actually have a few options for you so
uh this one Maniac tried to claw his
eyes out because he thought they were
gumballs and he wanted to eat them but I
have those here if you want to try them
just really tuck those in there uh let's
see get the other one in there all right
I think that's good well how do they
look oh oh I think they're gonna yeah
they're gonna fall out okay yeah let's
not do those well Mr Potato Head also
tragically died early and we have his
eyes let's stick that in there whoa I
can actually see how do they look Junior
okay
well how do they look doc uh
they look great yes they they look they
look totally fine yeah so if that's all
see you wouldn't want to be a punk that
sounded cool all right great
I feel much better now
right
what what well guys what do you want to
do now I feel good Cody you cannot be
happy looking like that why not because
you look like a freak you look like a
muppet but I have my eyesight back but
you look like a weirdo like you don't
want to make a potion to fix yourself no
no no I'm all done making potions that
doctor was right I'm not Harry Potter
I'll leave mixing chemicals to Walter
White from Breaking Bad Cody there has
to be a potion to fix yourself well
well there's one booze and I could make
with the ingredients are
what are the ingredients well I would
need piss from a blue whale okay we get
your mom to pee in a cup that's easy
yeah and then I need blood from an angry
silverback gorilla why is that to be
angry well because it has increased
cortisol levels in its blood otherwise
it won't work so I need that and then I
would also need astatine which can only
be found in the Earth's crust and it is
the most rare substance on Earth okay
let's go find all that stuff oh Junior
that sounds very time consuming and very
hard to film and I'll be honest it is
like 3 12 in the morning man we've been
going all day well like are you trying
to say that you want us to like Snap our
fingers and like it cuts to us having
all the stuff we need I mean yeah kinda
but Cody the fans are gonna call us lazy
you know we can only do that one time a
year and get away with it yeah I guess
it is February and we still have the
whole year in front of us yeah [ __ ] it
let's do it snap them fingers okay
all right Cody we got all your
ingredients yeah I told you it was going
to be hard I'm exhausted yeah me too
remember how we had to rent a drill tank
and drill down to the Earth's core and
fight off the mold people just get a few
drops of astatine yeah yeah that was
crazy and then we had to fight off that
angry silverback gorilla oh he was so
angry and the only way he got him to
bleed was stabbing with chopsticks you
got from the Chinese restaurant down the
street yeah yeah I do remember that
actually that was nice yeah and then
your mom peed in this cup and that's how
he got her pee that that's not what
happened Junior We Got The Magic School
Bus from Miss Frizzle and then we went
inside the bladder of a blue whale to
collect its pee and Miss Frizzle was a
real [ __ ] too not like on TV yeah these
are really just for show I actually
already went ahead and mixed it up so
I'm just going to take a little
sipparuni of this
[Music]