oh man I'm so sick is there anything I
can get you Marvin uh I think I'm going
to need more tissues okay hey Dad can I
show you my SpongeBob giggle Blaster
that's really cool Jeffy I'm playing
with it um I'm really sick can you play
with it tomorrow no no I cannot it has
to be today Jeffy Marvin doesn't feel
well too bad I have an appointment to
play with my SpongeBob giggle Blaster
and I want to show Daddy what it does
what does it do Jeffy SpongeBob creams
let's
gety check out my giggle goo Blaster
yeah SpongeBob just creamed he's
SpongeBob cream pants and I just pooped
so I'm SpongeBob poop p Jeffy you made a
huge mess you better go get some napkins
and clean all this
up here you go Dy here's your paper pile
all right Jeffy start cleaning up the
mess too hard no it's not too hard Jeffy
grab a paper towel and wipe it up my
hands don't work they work when you're
playing with the SpongeBob giggle
Blaster well that was fun this isn't
Jeffy I'll clean it up but go get Marvin
a thermometer he might have a fever okay
baby you don't have to clean this up
Jeffy did it it's okay Marvin here Daddy
here's your thermometer but I'm feeling
kind of shake so can I take my
temperature first hurry
up oh yeah Jeffy you just take that off
your
butt Jeffy oh I think it's ready oh
yeah smells like I have a fever aren't
dad your turn get that away from me
Marvin I think you should go see a
doctor I really
think get put in the M that up your ass
okay that's it we're going to a hospital
I didn't get tested for literally
everything get the cat carrier okay well
hold on let me taste
Jeffy get get inside your cat carrier
but I don't want my cat carrier Daddy no
hissing Jeffy listen you have to get in
your cat carrier because we can't trust
you inside the house when we're gone cuz
you might break everything but Daddy
it's not my fault my hands break things
yes it is Jeffy so look get in the cat
cage and we'll let you out when we get
back fine
Daddy hey get in
there go
all right Jeffy you stay in your cage
we'll be gone for like an hour okay but
what if I have to poop just do it in the
corner of the cage okay all right baby
let's go
okay all right guys are you ready to
play dodgeball heck yeah
dude we haven't started yet yeah Joseph
we didn't start yet well my bad I'm just
ready you guys ready to play dodgeball
heck yeah dude uh yeah all right Cody
who's going to be on your team cuz me
and Joseph are going to be on a team
well that's that's not fair that's two
against one well you got to find a
teammate well do you think Chef Pee want
to be on my team is he even good at
dodgeball I don't know all right how
about we throw a dodgeball at him and
see if he's good at dodging it
okay my Habachi stir fry looks almost
done man it looks so delicious I just
love watching the
cook Chef peee just got wrecked Cody he
just got pwned is that really who you
want to be your teammate no I guess not
but to be fair he didn't even know we
were playing no he sucks at dodgeball
good dodgeball players are always
looking out for balls yeah I guess
you're right that's why you're a good
dodgeball player you're always looking
for balls yeah I sure do you want to go
see if Jeffy will be your teammate okay
hey Jeffy you want to play dodgeball
have you seen Jeffy oo look a
thermometer I'm going to take my
temperature I think I'm getting sick
this it's been in someone's ass are you
sick Cody well now I am where's
Jeffy do you hear a cat Cody
yeah Jeffy what are you doing inside a
cage my mommy and Danny don't trust me
so they put me in the cat cage why don't
they trust you because they say I break
things well Cody needs a partner in
DodgeBall you want to play sure you just
got to let me out of the cage all right
Cody let him out of the cage
okay okay we got our teams for Dodgeball
so the rules are if you get hit with the
ball you're out okay okay 3 2 1 go throw
it Joseph throw
it throw it
Con oh no I broke a v come on we got to
grab a ball all right Cody I got the
ball hold on let me see where they're at
Jesus Christ okay Jeffy the defenseless
hit him
on no dude juliia what's bro speak to me
speak to me please avenge me Joseph oh
I'll avenge you
bro this is
vul for H and to you're going to die
now you suck
dude woo I won I won you guys suck at
dodgeball well well technically me and
joose were on team so we won at
dodgeball yay dude you didn't do
anything but but we were on team so yay
no not yay I'm going to go check on Cody
and Jeffy you guys okay no I think he
broke my nose it doesn't look too bad
Cody really you okay Jeffy Jeffy oh no I
think he got knocked out oh no what if
he's dead let me see no he has a pulse
oh no but if his parents find out that
we knocked him out they're going to tell
our parents we're going to get grabbed
did know okay so let's go put him back
in the cat car they'll never know okay
all right Cody get his legs okay I got
his
legs no push push more okay um oh man
he's
heavy close it shoe in there close it
okay um all right let's get out of here
hey there you came to see a doctor yeah
Marvin is that you you are getting so
big how old are you now 40 oh they grow
up so fast last time I saw you you a
knee high to a grasshopper how's it
going mom um I'm his wife that's great
that is just great I'm going to listen
to your lungs now okay so what grade are
you in Marvin I'm not in school mom why
is he not in school what what are you
doing right now oh oh I'm sorry I'm
still in pediatrician mode this is how I
talk to kids to make them feel good
about doctors I'm sorry I'm mean now I I
got to listen to your lungs hold on just
just breathe for me okay I said breathe
not cough ew but I can tell you're sick
is he going to make it doct
I don't know open your mouth and say ah
ah not you dummy him
ah what was that for I don't know turn
around and bend over and spread those
cheeks okay oh man that prostate is the
size of a golf ball oh well I can tell
you're sick well do you have anything to
help me oh yeah yeah I get this medicine
right here that should clear it right up
oh thank you but I just want to let you
know that there's a global shortage of
this medicine and a lot of old people
are dying from what you have and they
need this medicine and if they don't get
it they're probably going to die die so
you're saying I can't get the medicine
no I'm saying you can get the medicine
it's just you're perfectly healthy your
immune system is fine you'll get over
this in a few days but they're going to
die so if you take this medicine that
means you're a weak little [ __ ] [ __ ]
who doesn't care about the elderly so I
can't have the medicine oh you can have
the medicine it's just by taking the
medicine you're admitting you're a weak
little [ __ ] [ __ ] who doesn't like the
elderly but I mean personally I wouldn't
take it cuz I'm not a weak little [ __ ]
[ __ ] who doesn't care about the elderly
but you I don't know we'll see
wow okay so you're admitting you're a
weak little [ __ ] [ __ ] who doesn't care
about the Elder I just I'm just tired of
the cough no it's it's fine it's fine
it's just if you're going to take that
medicine I need to record a video of you
saying you're a weak little [ __ ] [ __ ]
who doesn't care about the elderly
Marvin let's just go but I'm tired of
the coughing you don't need the
medicine go
ahead I'm a weak [ __ ] [ __ ] who doesn't
care about the Elder okay got it thank
you Marvin Marvin I can't believe you
took that medicine baby I'm tired of
coughing I'm sick I need to get better
but there's a global shortage there's no
shortage that's just something they say
to save money I don't know Marvin all
right Jeffy it's time to get out of the
cage Jeffy Marvin maybe he's sleeping
Jeffy wake up get out of your cage baby
open the cage
okay drag him out come on
Jeffy Jeffy wake up Jeffy Jeffy wake up
Marvin he's not waking up wake up Jeffy
Mar we should call a doctor no he he's
just Faking It no call a doctor okay
call a doctor Jimmy hey there somebody
call a doctor yes doctor my son's not oh
look who it is the weak little [ __ ]
[ __ ] who doesn't care about the elderly
you know I put that video online it
already has 10 million hits people hate
you listen my son's knocked out he's not
moving let me see if he has a pulse he's
get a pulse he's still alive okay so
what do we do well tell me what happened
all right so we went to the hospital to
see you cuz of my cough you know we put
him in his cage and then we got back
hold up I'm sorry you you put your son
in a cage yeah yeah so we put him in a
cage when we leave cuz we don't want him
to Break Stuff you're telling me you put
your son in a cage well yeah because
like he likes to break stuff we don't
want him roaming around so so so how old
is he again he's 18 years old so you put
a grown man in a Pet Taxi well listen we
put him in the cage to protect him cuz
you know he likes to break stuff and
make messes so we just put him in a cage
for like a few hours well that maybe
that's why he passed out is cuz he
didn't have a lot of circulation in the
Pet Taxi and and you didn't leave him
any food and water did you at least let
him use the litter box before you put
him in there well listen no he usually
can hold it for a long time you know I'm
thinking maybe I should be putting on my
cop outfit no no you don't need your cop
outfit he likes the the the the the cat
cage Marvin maybe Jeffy needs some water
I'm going to go get him some yeah get
some water yeah and while she does that
I'm going to put my cop uniform on no
Jeffy tell tell them you like the cage
wake up all right I am dressed to arrest
now you better tell me that cage thing
was some kind of joke but I can see the
cage so I mean you're pretty guilty
Marvin Marvin morvin I found a bunch of
broken glass downstairs and this
dodgeball what a dodgeball you say you
know in high school I was a dodgeball
Champion I knocked out all the other
kids you know what I'll tell you what I
challenge you to a one-on-one dodgeball
game if you beat me I won't arrest you
but if I beat you not only will I arrest
you I'm taking your medicine too come on
Marvin you don't want to be arrested do
you but I'm not good at dodgeball but
what do you have to lose huh Marvin come
on you want to get arrested or play me I
guess I'll play you in DodgeBall yes oh
you're going to get creamed all right
Marvin I blindfolded myself because my
old coach Pates o hulaan taught me if
you can dodge a you can dodge a ball
okay 1 2 3
go got you [ __ ] now you're
out well Marvin you won fair and square
I guess I probably shouldn't have warned
that blindfold that's what I get for
being cocky unless I actually did hit
you and you were lying no you didn't
even come close to hitting me oh okay
well I guess I won't arrest you then
Jeffy are you okay what happened I'll
tell you what happened you locked him in
that cage that's what happen yeah no
more cage yeah you better get rid of
that cage unless you want to get
arrested all right fine I won't put Jeff
in a cage anymore good and we all
learned a lesson because I will never
wear a blindfold while playing dodgeball
again so you going to take that medicine
yeah I really want to weak little [ __ ]
bit
[Music]