come on Junior hurry up we're going to
be late for school yeah dude you're
taking forever you know I like that we
all meet up at Junior's house and then
walk to school together to avoid
stranger danger all right guys I'm ready
to
go but you guys okay you sound like
you're about to fart dude your what's
wrong with your hair my hair yeah D
what's wrong with it well what is wrong
with it well you look like you got
struck by lightning yeah dude or or you
trying to play Call of Duty at a movie
theater in Colorado dude in a Batman
premere oh well I mean I haven't gotten
a haircut in a long time it's a little
long yeah we could see that does it look
bad yeah it looks terrible yeah horrible
atrocious get rid of it immediately okay
well I'll get a haircut after school but
people are going to make fun of you at
school well then I'll hit them well okay
I guess that's solves everything doesn't
it yeah if anyone makes fun of me I'll
just hit them in the face come on let's
go
guys oh Junior I like your new hat this
isn't a hat this is my hair what that's
your
hair you look like a clown hitter Junior
you said you'd hit anybody that make fun
of your hair yeah dude Chris Browner ass
Floyd maywe her ass Ray Riser ass
Vanilla Ice her ass wait really Vanilla
Ice too yeah that's what they say I'm
not going to hit my girlfriend guys
thank you Junior I'm not old enough look
dude this [ __ ] got a heart you do look
like a woman hit her with that
hair guys stop it all right CR today
we're going to be learning about the
Runa New Year that is next week it is
the year of the snake see I am Chinese
which means we start our new year on
some random day in the month of January
because we can't see the goddamn
calendar because our eyes are so swp so
I'm going to go look up why it's the
year the snake so you talk quietly
amongst yourselves and no creaming
because I can hear the cream I can feel
the cream right in my ear no creaming
all right I'll be right back junior
seriously you're not going to keep your
hair like that are you I was going to
get a haircut but now that you keep
complaining I might keep it this way who
are you texting Joseph oh Crime Stoppers
cuz I feel like he about to do something
and I want that reward money I'm not
going to do anything Joseph just cuz my
hair's weird all right then how often
have you been sitting there with nothing
but your phone and you need something
fun to do for a few minutes well let me
show you Dragon City it's so satisfying
hopping on collecting all that gold and
seeing how my dragons are doing here's
what my strategy has been lately I breed
powerful dragons and do events to try to
get the best dragons I can then I level
them up and take them into battles and
earn even more rewards and get more
special dragons there's also leaderboard
so you can see how well you're doing the
higher up you are the better your
rewards get then you can use those to
make your dragons even stronger it's
also fun getting to customize my themed
Dragon islands with buildings and best
of all decorations especially the SML
ones which are available now by checking
out the link below or scanning this QR
code if you check them out now you can
also get 15,000 food 30,000 gold and the
limited edition Neo isumi Dragon I
definitely recommend checking them out
with the link below and getting started
on your own dragon Empire thank you to
Dragon City for sponsoring this video
hey Junior did you get in a fight with a
balloon and lose cuz you know when you
rub a balloon on your head it makes your
hair all staticky and it looks like that
oh wow you had to explain your own
insult good job well maybe people don't
know what balloons do that's a lot of
talk coming from a cone head yeah well
your hair's the color of a traffic cone
see oh wow that's a good one that that
is a good one I should have checked my
surroundings before I said something
yeah well that's a lot of talk coming
from someone with their pants the same
color as a a butterfly what or a fish
more the fish than the butterfly is a
lighter blue or or a ball of yarn ball
of Yarns come in different colors but
but that ball of yarn lighter blue
listen man you better get out of my face
before I kicked your ass oh yeah then do
it I'll pull stupid nose piercing out of
your nose yeah do it see what happens I
just noticed your eyes are red and I'm
scared yeah I got the Devil in Me hey
guys stop it PJ cring Shaw per jamy CAW
Jammy jams cring Shaw hey Junior come on
over here and let me talk to you for a
second son babe cracker
me yes
sir you asked to see me sir hold on I'm
not
done I eat my animal crackers like
sunflower seeds I suck out all the
flavor and spit out the rest know what
the hell you doing with that haircut oh
uh well I know it's long but yeah you
look like a damn fool it's true yeah
even my ladies agree I'm going to get a
haircut after school yeah well you
better cuz people are looking at you and
when they're looking at you they're not
looking at PJ and that doesn't make PJ
very happy does it ladies no and when
PJ's not happy he doesn't enjoy his
animal crackers as much and that makes
me mad and what happens when I get mad
ladies he get angry that's right and I
get angry what happens when I get angry
ladies he get mad I get mad and then I
get angry it's a vicious cycle mad angry
mad angry you try to make me mad angry
angry bro uh no no I'm not Mr PJ sir
okay well then you better go home and
fix your hair okay I I'll go right now
all right scram um can I have an animal
cracker [ __ ] no [ __ ] no not with that
haircut but hey tell you what you fix
that hair and you come back maybe I'll
let you eat an elephant but the elephant
ones are sacred my Grande elephante okay
I'll go get a haircut right now oh got
to season that chicken up a little
Italian season here a little seasoning
there oh perfect sh baby sh bab oh not
right now Junior wait aren't you
supposed to be in
school what the hell Jesus I get it I
get it I need a haircut it's not that
funny
sh you ugly ass boy oh my God somebody
had had hit you with the ugly stick
didn't they or beat the hell out of you
with it you know what they they hit you
with the whole ugly tree godamn they
should have threw you in the dumpster
cuz you ugly as hell or maybe flipped
you over and use your head is a mop
listen can you take me to get a haircut
please so people can stop making fun of
me you know what Junior I actually will
cuz no one deserves to get bullied for a
ugly ass hairstyle like that Jesus thank
you thank you for take
you so what brings you into my barber
shop I need a haircut yeah look at him
he's ugly as hell oh yeah it do look
like you got that future shooter look
why does everyone keep saying that it's
obvious it look like you about to pick
up AR 155 and go to town so uh what H
style you want a mohawk bald oh hell no
I'm not going bald never going bald hey
it's not that bad what you want dreads
no my friend Cody has dreads I think
what hairstyle is perfect for you oh how
about a low taper fade a low taper fade
what's that oh the best hairstyle ever
you'll get all the hoes and be the
coolest kid ever me be the coolest kid
ever then yes I want to do it all right
let's get to it I got the Clippers right
here let's get
started guys Junior's haircut is so ugly
yeah dude it has to be the ugliest
haircut on Earth well I don't know about
that somebody has to have an uglier
haircut I mean the Earth is pretty
massive you know what else is massive oh
my God holy [ __ ] dude oh my God judior
got a low taper face it can't be true
he's super cool now oh my
God no way he's so cool I wish I had a
low taper fade guys calm down it's just
a massive haircut Junior will you sign
my head I'll never have enough hair for
a low taper fade dude do you want my
head no that's I'll cover up the low
taper fade oh I would never do that what
was I thinking Junior will you please
marry me no marry me no Marry Me Marry
Me he's going to be myfriend me I
deserve it ladies what's all the Ruckus
Pucket going on behind PJ Vivian go
check it out and report back to me okay
oh my
God Maria Why didn't Vivian come back I
don't know do you want me to go check it
out yeah okay adios
me you ladies are going to make PJ turn
around and PJ doesn't like turning
around for
nobody Junior got a low taper fade no I
I wanted him to get a haircut so people
would stop looking at him and now
everybody's looking at him oh no no I
can't let this happen
ooh hey Junior so uh what the [ __ ] you
doing oh I got a haircut like you told
me to and thanks for the advice everyone
loves it yeah well I thought you were
going to get your normal haircut back
not a low taper fade well the guy at the
barers shop said if I got this haircut
it made be the coolest kid in the world
right well that's not what we agreed
upon so uh you're not going to get an
elephant animal cracker that's fine I'd
rather these women look at me like
they're doing yeah cuz you're stealing
all the Huds yeah the H love my haircut
ain't that right H yeah yeah I'm sure
they do hey ladies how about we go back
to my desk and eat some animal crackers
no that's okay I want to look at the
haircut yeah haircut boy okay I don't
think you ladies heard me you girls can
actually eat some animal crackers now
I'm going to share No thank you we're
okay haircut okay do you ladies want to
come home with PJ or do you want to stay
here and look at hair cut boy haircut
boy oh you [ __ ] okay all right
I ain't sharing animal crackers with
none of you [ __ ] you think you could
do this to me hey hey you think you
could do this to me you [ __ ]
going to be eating salty crackers and
Pelican Bay when I get through with you
shoe program and word I'm the man that
been this piece a PJ I don't know what
he was saying but keep looking at my
hair
dude all right CR so I rooked up what
the snake means for the Run of New Year
and apparently if you're nice to a snake
then you have good luck but if you're
mean to a snake and you kill a snake
then you have bad luck for the whole
year so whatever the [ __ ] that means
well Junior has a road tape of fade
oh oh Junior your haircut so massive
because your haircut so nice no one in
the crft has to have homework
tonight ladies come back to my house to
cuddle woohoo oh my God Junior you're so
hot Junior can you show us it yeah
Junior can we see it yeah oh you ladies
want to see it yeah okay bam oh my God
yeah that's right oh man look at me
living the dream some men are dying of
thirst and I'm sitting here drowning
Penelope why are you okay with me laying
with so many girls because Junior you
have a low taper fade and besides if
it's not me it'll be someone else that's
right all right let's do what Norm
people would do in this
[Music]
situation oh ladies I just woke up with
a wet
chubby you're welcome e
gross all right ladies calm down I know
he's gay but don't make fun of him no
Junior your low taper fade it's gone
yeah no M let's get out of here
ladies Cody is my low taper fade really
gone yeah that's okay Junior you still
have me oh damn it I wonder what
happened to it I don't know well let's
go eat some breakfast no it's okay
Junior I already had a heaping load of
oatmeal where'd you get it from let's
just say it was made inhouse Junior o
Dragon City go check them out click the
link below or scan the QR code to get
our sexy SML decoration 15,000 food
30,000 gold and the limited edition Neo
isumi dragon
[Music]