[Music]
I'm bored I'm more bored I'm more Bor
than you I'm way more border than you
I'm the most borest person in the planet
oh I'm the borest person in the universe
guys you want to have a tea party a tea
party what are we girls oh I'm a girl
I'm on my period I'm on my period too
hey Mom can you get me a straw my V JJ
thirsty what aren't tampons like straws
for girls so they can drink down there
no I don't know what a tampon is me
either dude okay so do you want to have
a tea party yeah sure yeah I can be
British oh my teeth are yellow oh I
don't know what a toothbrush is Joseph
that's racist what being British isn't a
race British lives matter you know what
you're right dude uh so are we going to
have this tea party or not yeah sure go
ask Chef peee if you can make us some
tea okay come on Ken oh man where's my
can opener peepers baby what's up Cody
don't call me that what do you want oh
we need you to make us some tea cuz
we're having a tea party ooh a tea party
I guess I can make it uh reach up there
and get the teapot from out of the
cabinet for me okay now where are those
tea bags oh I got some tea bags for you
right here just lay back and open your
mouth and
I'll oh oh no oh no oh no wake up wake
up wake up shfp oh no oh God I killed
him I killed Chef peee I'm going to go
to jail no no it's okay it was it was an
accident I I didn't mean to do it oh no
one's going to believe that I can't go
to jail no it's okay it's okay I I'll
I'll just hide the body nobody will ever
know come on where do I hide the body
where do I hide the body the
refrigerator no oh H the trash can yeah
okay nobody ever checks the trash
can okay okay yeah and then when they
take out the trash he'll go to the dump
and and nobody will ever know okay yeah
okay okay I have to clean up the crime
scene okay that's good there's no blood
no bodily fluids and no Witnesses oh I
might actually get away with this Ken
Ken you wouldn't rat me out to the cops
would you Ken we're like Bonnie and
Clyde right go chicken r stimy figgy in
the brain Ken come on you have to give
me your word that you're never going to
tell on me okay oh that's just not good
enough Ken I'm sorry I'm going to have
to get rid of you
too okay okay no Witnesses all right now
I just have to act calm and normal I
I'll just tell Junior that chefi
couldn't make a tea okay oh it's taking
Cody so long oh I've been waiting for
Cody forever oh I've been waiting longer
than you oh I've been waiting longer
than you could ever imagine waiting I've
been waiting on OU and OU hey guys
what's up hey long time no see how have
you guys been oh man Tik Tock am I right
oh and have you seen this fortnite stuff
it's like a new skin and like like a
cube and stuff like what's up with that
and emotes you remember those wait is
Chef peipe going to make the tea why you
asking about Chef peei all the time what
you want to marry him or something hey
Joseph he wants to marry Chef peipi what
a weirdo but is Chef peee going to make
the tea dude yeah is he going to make
the tea for the Tea Party you you you
know what you guys were right the tea
parties are for little girls we're not
little girls we're we're manly men we we
don't have tea parties we have wieners
so like we should whip our wieners out
to prove how manly we are and have a
wiener party what is Chef going to make
the tea or not he he said that he wasn't
going to make the tea cuz cuz we're
manly men and we shouldn't have tea
parties we should just stick to the
wiener stuff he said no I'm going to go
yell at sh peee no no no no no no no uh
no no uh he said that he would make it
but he couldn't cuz he doesn't have tea
so he has to go to the store well the
store is not too far away she only take
a few minutes no no the store is very
far away because the store he has to go
to is in Canada Canada why does it to go
to Canada to get tea because that's
that's where they have the best tea duh
obviously no Canada makes maple syrup
not not tea yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you're right but he has like a buddy in
Canada that owns like an airline company
and then he's going to take a flight
from Canada to England to get the best
tea well why didn't he just fly out of
Florida oh he can't he can't do that he
can't he can't do that it's too
expensive to fly out of Florida it' be
really expensive to drive to Canada well
that's that's that's why that's why he's
not driving he's taking a hot air
balloon a hot air balloon mm a hot air
balloon cuz he has a buddy another buddy
that owns a hot air balloon company and
he just happened to be flying over so
Chef peee just grabbed a hold and and
he's going to like fly down to Canada
but you know the wind was going the
wrong way so like he's headed more
toward Jamaica now so he'll probably be
a long time and I mean who knows maybe
he'll never come back I hear Jamaica's
nice you might want to live there wait
so shef got on a hot air balloon yes
wait Joseph don't you have a hot air
balloon Tracker app oh yeah we can track
them right now what what I like to track
hot air balloons you don't that's an app
yeah where's the where's the nearest hot
air balloon wait wait dude it says the
nearest hot air balloon is 300 Mi away
in Texas yeah uh well of course because
I mean I forgot his his hot air balloon
got abducted by aliens by aliens Yeah by
aliens I saw the whole thing like the
aliens just flew over and abducted the
hot air balloon right out of the sky was
crazy we should call the cops no no no
no we we we can't call the cops because
the aliens said that some of their
aliens are cops and they'll know if we
call the cops and they'll blow up the
whole world if we talk about it what
they'll blow up the whole world if we
call the cops yeah they'll blow up the
whole world so we should just probably
stop talking about it just just don't
even say anything about that well why do
the aliens even want shef peipi uh
because they want a human chef to cook
them human food but don't they know sha
peipi doesn't cook good yeah it Cooks
bad food yeah they they like it they
like that it's bad cuz they're bad and
they like bad stuff what so we're never
going to see sheipi ever again no no
he's probably on his way to Jamaica by
now wait if the aliens got him why are
they still going to Jamaica uh because
that's the name of their Planet
obviously Planet Jamaica that's where
they live they're like Jamaican aliens
like we're going to abduct you man you
know they're like like jar jar Banks oh
okay so what are we going to drink
instead of tea like oh oh oh we could
just have some Gatorade gay toade get it
it's gay like me it's Gatorade gay I
mean I can't believe it took us this
long to make that joke you know gay okay
I guess we'll just drink some Gatorade
wait where's
Ken Ken Ken what what are you even
talking about this isn't a Ken video
this is a chef peee video look at at the
title you see Ken's name in there no you
don't no why would he even be here no I
left him at home no you had Ken before
you went to the kitchen you said come on
Ken you grab Ken you said it right next
to you dude no no no no you guys are
just getting confused we've done so many
videos you guys probably just got
confused no you had Ken earlier and you
took him to the kitchen no yeah I don't
I don't know why you're talking about
all this
K but you know what let's let's just
come down and drink our G yeah I mean
you know like I don't even need Ken cuz
like I I he's a doll dude right you guys
are saying that all the time so he's a
doll and I remember that he's a doll so
I just went ahead and threw him away oh
okay jior can you take the trash out
it's SM like a body's rotting in here
what a body's rotting well that that
can't be happening that fast I hate
taking out the trash buddy buddy hey
I'll do it I'll take the trash out for
you no it's fine no hey no I got it I'll
do it cuz I pooped in your trash can you
pooped in my trash can yeah I I tried to
go to the bathroom but I I just couldn't
make it in time so I just pooped right
right in your trash can but that that's
so gross yeah so I should be the one who
has to take the trash out cuz you I did
it so you know just just you I'll do
that and you guys shouldn't follow me
though cuz it's like really stinky I
mean I really I made a big one like in
the trash can so just just stay
here Jesus okay now I just have to throw
his body in the outside trash can so the
garbage truck can come take it to the
dump no no they'll be expecting that now
I should hide it somewhere inside the
house like like under the couch
cushions okay there no one ever looks
under the couch
cushions oh man that was a really poopy
trash can really glad you guys didn't
have to see that Cody you're acting
really weird weird weird I mean I just
had a long day yeah cuz you know I saw
aliens and I pooped in trash can so I
mean of course I'm acting weird you'd be
acting weird too if you had the kind of
day I had so let's just take sips of
this Gatorade gay Gatorade j i can't
find my remote go and check under all
the couch cushions what come on the
remote's not going to be under the couch
cushions it's going to be in your room
where it always is hey Joseph you want
to help me look for the remote under the
couch cushions I guess so dude no me me
I'll do it I'll look for the remote well
we can just all look for it it'll go by
faster no nope nope nope nope nope Noe
because I pooped in your couch too what
you pooped in my couch yeah see I didn't
want to take the trash outside cuz I
didn't want to get abducted by aliens so
I just took the poopy trash and shoved
it under your couch cushions that's
gross yeah I know wrong with me today
I'm so weird so I'm I'm going to go
clean that stay here he's acting really
weird dude he's pooping everywhere I'm
getting real tired of this come on
peee okay where do I hide him now
someplace no one will ever look ooh I
know the cat litter box it's so poopy
and stinky nobody will go in
there okay okay there there nobody will
ever look in the litter box okay I
cleaned your couch cushions and I didn't
find a remote so you got all the the
poop out of the couch what poop Why
would yes yes I I cleaned all the poop
out and I threw it away no more poop
okay you want some Gatorade yes please
oh come on what now go scoop the cat
litter it stinks you got to beuing
kidding me I'm going to go scoop my cat
litter no Junior please allow me wait
why do you want to scoop my cat litter
oh I just love scooping cat litter it's
my favorite thing to do you just want to
do all my chores don't you oh yeah I
love doing chores so here I go let me go
do it Cody acting really weird I know
right oh man I got to use the bathroom
I'll be right back oh God e e e e you
come on okay I'll just flush thatp down
the toilet cuz according to Finding Nemo
all drains go to the ocean so maybe
he'll go to the ocean and get eaten by
sharks
yeah come on come on go down damn it go
down go
down oh go down oh my god dude I got to
tell Junior
H gay toade
dud what's wrong Joseph you're acting
like you saw Cody trying to flush 's
dead body down the toilet that's exactly
what I saw dude what I went downstairs
and I went to the bathroom and all I saw
was chp's head and Cody tried to flush
him what do you think Cody murdered chef
peip and is trying to hide the body
that's exactly what I think I took a few
flushes but he finally went down hey
guys hey codyy hi hi hey
dude hi so do you want to drink this
Gatorade cuz honestly I'm kind of over
it I think I'm just going to go home
well uh me me me me and Joseph were
talking yeah talking just talking for a
little bit just just assuming just just
running a little ideas by our head just
ideas ideas and we think maybe possibly
what if you killed chipi and you're
trying to hide his
body hi his body no he got abducted by
aliens remember no he didn't he didn't
get abducted by aliens I saw you Cody
you were trying to flush that down a
toilet no no how did you see that I went
downstairs and I saw you I was trying to
go to the back and you were in the
bathroom wait is this true Cody um
Joseph can I talk to you alone in the
other room for a second yeah sure only
if you tell me what happened all right
Cody I need to know the truth right now
okay you see that wall over there yeah
what about it just keep looking at it
okay I see you boy stay quiet Joseph you
don't know how much this is turning me
on right now yes I do oh harder Daddy
okay junior junior Joseph just got
abducted by aliens too wait what yeah
yeah we were just talking outside and
the aliens said they like shef peipi so
much that they came back to abduct
Joseph so he's gone wait I think you
killed shef peipi and you just killed
Joseph no yeahuh n
yeahuh i called the cops what you called
the cops but now the aliens are going to
blow up the damn Planet though cuz the
cops are the aliens what's wrong with
you well I want to see that for
myself that's them okay but when they
probe your butt cuz they're aliens and
then they make you watch them blow up
the world it'll be your fault so don't
come crying to me okay hello hey there I
got a call about a body being flushed
down a toilet uh yeah but uh you're not
going to probe my butt are you but no I
I mean should I do you have anything
illegal up there cuz I can do a cavity
search I I mean I don't really want to
cuz you're a dude and that's kind of sus
but I mean if you were a hot girl I'd do
it no I don't have anything up there oh
thank God cuz I didn't bring gloves and
I got kind of a weak stomach I mean I
know I shouldn't have been a cop if I
had that but I mean here we are well uh
another question uh you're not an alien
are you but an alien no I was born here
oh okay well anyway so my friend I I
think he killed my personal chef and
then tried to flush him down the toilet
oh okay show me your friend he's
upstairs there he is Officer there he is
wait a minute are those cheese sticks
yeah I was just eating them can I have a
cheese stick well that depends you're
going to try to arrest me no not if I
can have a cheese stick all right then
well no don't eat him he probably
poisoned them kid it might be worth
dying for a cheese stick I mean hell
I've almost died eating a cheese stick
have you ever choked on a cheese stick I
mean you try to pull it out of your
throat and it just gets stretchy it's
like a magic trick but you're dying yeah
I hate when that happens yeah but but
Cody tell him how you tried to flush
ch's body down the toilet well that's
impossible his body would be too big to
flush down the toilet it would take
several flushes in a plunger and even
then the toilet would still be stopped
up Junior can you call a plumber I think
the toilet's clogged up wow my life
sucks today come on officer let's go
check the toilet okay all right Officer
I think he's in this toilet all right
let's get to plunging hey everybody it's
me chef aipi chef you're alive
yeah I just got abducted by aliens
that's why we shouldn't let him in here
I thought Cody killed you oh no Cody
would never hurt a fly and he's really
sexy kid you called me over a false
alarm I could have been eaten cheese
sticks I'm going to go grab one now what
oh shf B I thought you were dead I
thought Cody killed you no no you should
really be nicer to Cody like next time
you see him you should apologize and
kiss him on the
mouth
okay oh man those cheese sticks were
good all right I just got to throw away
the container I I don't really know why
I'm announcing everything I'm going to
do there's no one else
here Cody
Cody hey Junior I was in the bathroom oh
um I'm
sorry oh Junior how unexpected yeah Chef
peee told me to do that what Chef peee I
thought he was dead no He's Alive you
were telling the truth he got abducted
by aliens oh well maybe you should
listen to him more often you know and
kiss him every now and then you're
right Ken yeah I was throwing away my
cheese stick cup and I found this guy in
the trash and he says he saw you kill
chef peee with a teapot Cody is that
true uh no because you guys saw chef
peee and he was okay I'll go get my
costume I I I mean I'll go get him hey
there everybody it's me Chef aipi oh
thank God you're alive Chef peipi we
thought you were dead again oh wait hold
on Cody told me to do that oh next time
you see Cody you should pull down his
pants and why did I wake up in the
toilet Chef peee you're alive yes I am
alive Ken you under arrest for lying to
the police you said Chef peeee was dead
and there's two of them he couldn't be
less dead wait wait which one's the real
Chef peee I'm the real Chef peipe
obviously wait then who are you I'm uh
Chef pee's brother Chef a we we what I
don't have a brother named Chef we we
yes you do I was adopted when you okay
you know what screw it you got me it's
me it's Cody what Cody yeah I'm wearing
a Chef Pee PE costume hold on I'll go
change okay Cody what's going on yeah I
was in the kitchen 1 minute and then I
wake up in the toilet what happened well
I was trying to get the teapot out of
the cabinet and then I dropped it on
your head and I guess I knocked you out
but I thought I killed you so I tried to
hide your body wow if you want to kill
me Cody then just kill me I'm glad
you're alive Chef peipi I'm not wait
wait hold
on what what the hell Junior stop it you
weirdo well Cody told me to kiss you
earlier e that's gross well did you hear
the thing that Chef we we was going to
say earlier cuz I didn't get to finish
what I was going to say is I want you to
pull my pants hey Cody uh you want to do
that thing with the Rope again okay all
right let's go daddy oh yes what
[Music]