oh man simmons i love donuts yeah me too
hold on dispatch is saying something a
woman has been kidnapped the kidnapper's
driving a 2004 white buick city oh no a
girl's been kidnapped that sucks for her
she'll probably never enjoy another
donut ever again oh my look it's a
kidnapper's car let's go after him no no
no no just hold on simmons let's just
finish our donut first but he's right
there we can go get him simmons i have
sticky hands i don't want to arrest
anybody while i have sticky hands i mean
look it's donut time nobody interrupts
donut time look we got this whole box of
donuts to get through by the time we're
finished arresting that guy all these
donuts are going to be stale so let's
just eat our donuts but what about the
kidnapped gal oh she'll be fine
officer simmons officer guy get in here
yes
what you need chief i think we might be
getting a promotion yes you boys sure
screwed the pooch on this one what
happened sir you know that girl that got
kidnapped last night while they found
her head in a ditch jesus what happened
to a baldi it hasn't been found yet oh
that's awful sir well it's you guys's
fault how chief because you two boys
were too busy eating donuts and you let
the kidnapper get away what no no no no
we weren't eating doughnuts
put the doughnut down but i'm hungry
shut up i pulled the dash cam footage
from your car and this is what i saw the
kidnappers car driving right by and you
chose to eat donuts instead of going
after them that is not us oh come on sir
it was donut time you know how important
donut time is you know donuts
well guess what it's no nut november
that means you boys can't eat donuts for
the whole month of november and if i
find out you've eaten a donut during no
nut november you are fire no doughnuts
but but sir that's impossible we need
our donuts we're cops i don't want to
hear it get out of my office and
remember no donuts okay sir
uh sir can i finish eating the donut i
dropped on the ground come on simmons
wow simmons we can't eat donuts for a
whole month and it's all your fault my
fault i'm the one that told you to go
after the kidnapper look simmons i don't
think i can go a whole month without
having a night so then what do you want
me to do with the donuts in the box just
just throw them out the window i don't
want to look at them all right
hold on simmons dispatch we haven't
always complained at 456.
please respond great now we have to
respond to a noise complaint oh can we
turn on the lights and sirens all the
way there what an add to the noise
complaint let's just go
home guys i think it's the pizza man
hello your music's too loud knock it off
what's going on oh don't mind him he's
just a little bit angry because he
hasn't had enough in a while i'm having
a bad day so the news too loud yeah it's
too loud and if you don't turn it down
i'm gonna arrest you okay i'll turn it
off what kind of stupid part are you
having anyway seems dumb oh we're having
a donut party a what a donut party we
eat donuts and we party is that really a
thing yeah you never had a donut party
uh i think we should investigate no no
but he said donuts we don't want to lose
our jobs don't touch me simmons i i
think we should investigate cause what
if it's not a donut party what if it's a
crack party oh no there's a donut party
no maybe that's just code for crack
let's go check
see look here's the donuts we're just
having a donut party oh my god simmons
look at all these donuts they're
beautiful i'm so happy i'm gonna have to
rip off my mad eyelids oh come on mate
it's not worth it you can lose your job
oh come on the boss will never know it's
not worth it
okay okay okay simmons how about this
how about i take one of the donuts into
the bathroom and i just eat it in there
there's no cameras in the bathroom so no
one will ever know i still wouldn't risk
it mate it's not worth losing your job
i'm doing it so uh hey i still think
these donuts are secretly crack well
they're just donuts yeah well i'll be
the judge of that so i'm just going to
take one of these into the bathroom and
test it i just have to see which one is
the most cracky is that chocolate
sprinkle yummy
okay i i mean i mean yeah this this is
the crackiest doughnut i've ever seen
yeah so i'm just gonna take this uh do
you have a glass of milk i i mean i mean
don't worry about it just uh don't don't
follow me nobody follow me all right i
locked the door now it's just me and my
nut wouldn't be the first time i've
nutted in a bathroom now come the papaya
[Music]
man that donut was delicious
jonathan what the hell why are you
eating a doughnut in your bathroom why
are you filming me in the bathroom i was
trying to record girls using the
restroom well i could arrest you for
being a peeping tom my name is jonathan
i would be a peeping jonathan wait a
minute did you just film me eating that
donut yup and it was sitting there no no
no no no no jonathan delete that video
right now no no jonathan get back here
jonathan you give me that camera right
now no way what's the big deal it's just
a video of you eating a jelly in the
bathroom because it's november i already
launched that one i was watching this
video with this girl she takes a
basketball and she puts it in there i
don't think we're talking about the same
thing here basketball hoop
because it's the wnba
they really should get paid the same
amount okay fine look jonathan my boss
said he's gonna fire me if i eat a
doughnut this month what you did is
and i got his own video
are in so much trouble no no no i'm not
in trouble because you're going to give
me that camera so i can delete the video
yo i'm not look i'm not afraid to arrest
my little brother you wouldn't care mom
would hate you she already hates me look
jonathan i'll do anything anything
yes anything i'll buy you like a game
for your psp oh that would be really
nice i'll get you like like a world of
warcraft gift card i don't play wars or
warcraft i play everquest oh okay look i
don't care what do you want hmm what
does jonathan want why are you talking
about yourself in third person i think
jonathan wants a date with a supermodel
a date with a supermodel mom says i'm
very handsome okay look you might as
well get me fired because that's not
happening okay no no wait wait wait wait
okay i will try to get you a date with a
supermodel just just wait here i'm gonna
go find one yes score
hey there oh hey there big boy looking
for a good time
no well actually yeah kind of look i got
100 bucks oh my god you're not a cop are
you well yeah i am but it's not like
that see i have a brother and he's kind
of a dork and he wants to go on a date
with a supermodel oh my god you think
i'm a supermodel that's so sweet i think
he'll think that you're a supermodel so
look i'll give you a hundred bucks all
you have to do is go on a date with him
wait i don't have to kiss him do i no i
mean not unless you fall in love with
something okay sounds good all right
let's go so greasy guy did you find my
supermodel i sure did jonathan i'd like
you to meet what the hell is your name
sprinkle of course it is sprinkle
sprinkles like the sprinkles in the
doughnut you age
shut up jonathan
brooklyn guy i'm gonna be honest with
you she looks like she came from the
streets i'm sorry i did the best of me
on she is so hot she's a 10 out of 10.
you know how hard those are to find yeah
yeah she looks like a hundred bucks
anyway so uh just give me that camera
and you can go on your date
i haven't gotten my kiss yet but you
didn't say anything about a kiss
brooklyn guy i've seen enough rom-coms
to know that a date equals a kiss
okay looks like you're gonna have to
kiss him well then do you have an extra
100 bucks i i don't but i
i have a five okay i guess i'll just
kiss him on the cheek can she just kiss
you on the cheek oh my face well she's
not gonna kiss your ass jonathan okay
okay what what if when she goes to kiss
me i turn my face really fast that way
she kisses me on the lips i i mean i
guess you're welcome to try big guy
i'm a smooth criminal yes you sure are
man okay so let's just get this date
going huh come on right here i want you
to go to the movies what movie do you
want to see i want to go see spiderman
no way home i think the green goblin is
in it he is no no no no no
no spoilers rookie jai okay damn jeez
calm down all right let's just go to the
movies come on
oh man i'm so excited for this movie
well you should be more excited about
this kiss now get over there you can't
rush love pissing guys just get your
kiss oh hey yeah baby
[ __ ] her up uh ew i'm only gonna kiss
you on the cheek so turn your head oh
yeah only on the cake wink wink they
broke me what's this look what i'm about
to do
oh he kissed me on the mouth i gotta go
to the bathroom i got the camera
no no jonathan you got your kiss and
you're not following her to the bathroom
fine i'll settle for second best
oh
smells like monster
preparation h ew just give me the camera
a deal is a deal good sir here you are
take a look here
jonathan there's no video of me on here
you fell for the oldest trick in your
book
i hate you jonathan
all right hit the pinatas right in front
of you all right here we go all right
simmons let's go oh mate you're back
that took you forever to eat that donut
i didn't eat it now come on oh you
didn't need it we're good on you mate
well let's just go simmons well at least
can't hit the pinata one todd no we're
leaving come on ah party pooper
mate i don't understand why he wouldn't
let me hit the pinata at least once i
just wanted to get away from all those
donuts i've had a really long day oh my
look it's the kidnapper's car oh my god
it is let's go bust them oh now you want
to go bust them when you're not
shoveling donuts in your mouth we don't
have time for you to bust my ball
simmons come on
freeze you're under arrest oh the
coppers all right all right you got me
you got me hey don't look in the back of
the trunk there's not a dead body back
there simmons go check the trunk on it
mate all right you're under arrest and
you're going to jail for a long time
chief chief chief we found the kidnapper
sir you failed no nut november
i couldn't help it i couldn't go the
whole month without a nut
[Music]