[Music]
and done Santa all the gifts are done
for Christmas with 3 hours left to spare
that's a new record great job
El now I need somebody to take these
gifts and load them down on my sled
don't worry Santa I got it you're the
bestest Ence ever whatever whatever he's
such a kiss ass I'll kiss your ass Santa
even if you don't like pepper you're
still a weird but I like you thanks
Santa so what are we going to do for the
next 3 hours well I say we turn this
place the off
yeah pepper she's a ho ho ho yeah she's
all right pepper I'm all out of money
hurry give me some more hundreds more
hundreds hurry up pepper she's getting
away there you go long as she's dancing
for me I own that
[ __ ] oh pepper give me that Naughty or
Nice List she's a naughty [ __ ] and
she's going on that list
uh Santa we're all out of beer well I'll
go get some more but Santa you've been
drinking Santa can handle his [ __ ]
[Applause]
okay man I need to get back and see my
stripper oh man Simmons I can't wait to
get home and have some cookies and milk
but cookies and milk are for Santa M I
can have a few Santa's fat anyway no
you're right what's this guy doing whoa
whoa whoa what Simmons you see this
drunk driver let's go get
him oh [ __ ] whole drunk driver on
Christmas oh [ __ ] it's the pigs I can
talk my way out of this one all right
come on Simmons let's go see what this
guy looks like and why he's driving like
an [ __ ] on Christmas Eve we wish you
a Merry Christmas we wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
and a Happy New Year right here much it
Santa Claus what are you doing here
you're supposed to be delivering
presents tonight yeah I'm out we got to
do a beer run wait why do you need beer
well we ran out of beer in the North
Pole and we're having a party got a
stripper there she got tits big as [ __ ]
she's naughty as [ __ ] well that's great
Santa but you are driving drunk well I
can handle my [ __ ] yeah I he can handle
his [ __ ] he's Santa Claus he's got to
deliver toys to all the kids t on well
Santa I'm going to have to do a sobriety
test all right here's your sobriety test
oh oh God yeah he is wasted that smells
like a brewery H Santa I mean you could
kill somebody driving like that well I
can handle my [ __ ] yeah so you said um
Santa okay look I I'll tell you what I'm
not going to arrest you if you can just
call somebody to come pick you up okay
yep I don't have my phone can I borrow
your phone uh yeah sure hold on um here
you go oh thank you thank you come on
pepper answer the phone hello Pepper
wait is this my probation officer no
it's me Santa Santa who's whose phot is
this uh the pigs they pulled me over for
drunk driving wait S I thought you said
you could handle your [ __ ] I can't
handle my [ __ ] they're just hating on me
come pick me up but I don't have a car
well send Rudolph oh good idea I'll send
Rudolph hey hey is that stripper still
there oh no she would
H
oh was everything okay s yeah what
happened the love of my life she left oh
Mrs Claus no oh okay Santa we're here hi
Santa hey Rudolph you're my favorite
reindeer thank you wait why does Rudolph
sound like that well ever since he got
neutered last year his voice ain't been
the same since oh well if Rudolph's
taking you home we're going to leave bye
okay pepper get Rudolph tied to the
front of the car and have him pull me
home but Sant this is a goddamn Toyota
for runners Rudolph can't pull all that
yes he can he pulls my sleigh I don't
know Santa Rudolph you better get up
there and pull this home or you're going
to be playing reindeer games again okay
hold on
Rudolph all right Rudolph you're all
tied up I don't know about this pepper
well you better do it or Santa's going
to be pissed okay I'll try Santa are you
ready yeah we're ready okay here we go 3
2
1 me drink
it come on Rudolph let's go I think it's
too heavy sah no it's not well maybe you
should take it out of park and put it a
neutral all right let me try
[Music]
that no s the
Christ Jesus [ __ ] Christ s stop the
car why you you ran the [ __ ] over I did
yeah you killed me rudol Rudolph please
be okay
no he's [ __ ] dead you kill him I did
he's [ __ ] dead pepper quit you're
crying you're giving me a damn headache
you killed rudoff he's not rof the red
right there he's rof the dead though way
de well we're just going to have to
drive to the North Pole then but you're
[ __ ] drunk we don't have no other
options pepper get your ass in the truck
let's go
[Music]
hey guys what happened to the
party you were gone for over an hour
that stripper left didn't she yeah what
[ __ ] dead what what happened you R
him over your Toyota flaer Santa how are
we going to deliver the presence now
Santa well we still have eight more
reindeer yeah but you have no Rudolph
and no knows to see at night yeah we
don't want to be flying around in New
York City at night time we see what
happened during the daytime with Al qaa
I promised they knew where they were
going but how are we going to deliver
the Pres now well we'll just have to put
them in the 4Runner but the four runner
can't go all over the world but it can
go all over North America but what about
Europe [ __ ] them what about Africa [ __ ]
them what about
Australia Buck what about South America
Buck what about Asia Buck
Hawaii oh [ __ ] them let's go okay all
right all right Santa all the presents
are loaded up and ready to go well
thanks AA Santa are you sure you're
going to be okay you look tired hell
yeah I'm saying I got this [ __ ] okay
good luck let me go deliver these
[Music]
presents Santa Jesus [ __ ] Christ wake
up Santa huh Santa's Christmas morning
did I deliver the presents no they in
the SE right next to you oh [ __ ] all the
kids are sad cuz I didn't get any
presents well I'll figure it out just
let me close my eyes for a minute no
Santa the kids okay Santa figured out
let's go to the North
Pole hello you didn't get your present
I'm so sorry please hold another one
yeah man I hope Santa's okay hello oh
I'm so sorry you didn't get your
presents please hold hey guys Santa
where have you been parents have been
calling all day because the kids didn't
get that guess yeah I fell asleep in the
truck not even the kids of North America
got their presents [ __ ] them Santa you
can't just say that about everyone the
kids need their presents listen it's
just not that big of a deal yeah well
you might want to check the
news breaking news M K Santa Claus did
not come this year no kids around the
world have received any gifts we don't
know what's going on but children are
rioting in the street burning down toy
stores and Little Caesar's Pizzas Santa
Claus where are you not that big of a
deal huh Santa [ __ ] them Santa so many
kids around the world are sad because of
you yeah you're probably right [ __ ] them
Santa listen I'll go deliver as many
gifts as I can right now okay don't you
think it's a little too late for that if
I can make one kid happy today it'll be
worth it go get him
Santa all right Jeffy look at all your
gifts from Santa this going to be peee D
just going be PE PE stop doing that
jeffan look daddy why aren't there
presents underneath the tree but there's
no presents or at least coal Marvin D
get some Harry Potter cloak [ __ ] with
these invisible ass presents well
usually Santa leaves something do you
think the Grinch came well no he's dead
daddy I want to know where my presents
are maybe Santa didn't come well why
didn't Santa come for me I wanted Santa
to come come for me Santa come for me
stop saying that Jeffy oh come for me
Santa oh please get off Jeffy maybe Sant
didn't come cuz you're a bad
boy you said Jeffy a bad
boy well maybe he wasad stop time next
time I see Santa Claus I'm going to beat
his
ass s this is stupid you're going to go
in there to a bunch of angry kids well I
got to make this right pepper now get
out of my
way all right let's do this
oh ho ho Santa Claus is here Jeffy calm
down morvin Santa Claus is here what oh
let me speak to his [ __ ] ass what Jeffy
be nice ho ho ho sorry I'm L I'm here
with the present I'm going to beat your
ass wait those presents are for me not
anymore you don't get any presents you w
take them from me your anger and your
lust for presence have already done that
you have allowed your anger to twist
your mind until now until now you no
longer have Christmas Joy Don't lecture
me Santa Claus I see through the lies of
the elves I do not fear the naughty list
as you do I wanted peace gifts and
cookies on my Christmas day and you
ruined it I ruined it don't make me kill
you Jeffy my allegiance is to the North
Pole to the nice list if you're not with
me then you're my enemy only a naughty
Lister deals and absolutes I will do
what I must you will
[Music]
try
[Music]
huh I have failed you Jeffy I have
failed you I should have known the North
Pole was plotting to take over Jeffy the
naughty list is evil from my point of
view the nice list is evil then you are
lost this is the end for you Santa Claus
it's over Jeffy I have The High Ground
you underestimate my power don't try
it you were the chosen one it was said
that you would destroy the naughty list
not join it you were to bring balast to
the Christmas Spirit not leave it in
naughtiness I hate you you were a good
boy Jeffy I loved you
[Music]
he's still alive