Jeffy get in here it's time to eat pizza
we got Daddy feeding me pizza instead of
green beans before GTA 6 that's skibby
toilet that's what toilet skibby what
the hell is skibby Marvin it's that song
from Splash mountains
skid skid no Mommy I'm being Sigma my
aura level is matched what are you
talking about Jeffy you're not making
sense daddy you're totally being Ohio
baby grank RZ what I'm edging daddy I'm
trying to Mt let me goon Jeffy I don't
know what you're talking about you're
talking crazy where's my Sprite
cranberry for my pizza my Lord and
Savior LeBron James needs me to goon for
my goon Tunes are you having a stroke
Jeffy you're not making sense F in the
chat Father rest in pepperon I think we
should call it doctor I think jeffy's
having a stroke yeah Marvin go call the
doctor okay let me get my phone Jeffy
can you explain to me what's wrong no
problem here's the information about the
Mercedes CLR GTR the Mercedes CLR GTR is
a remarkable racing car celebrated for
its outstanding performance and SLE
design powered by a potent 6.20 lied
production some call Doctor oh you're
talking about the Mercedes CLR GTR no
problem here's the information about the
Mercedes that's okay I've already heard
it so what's going on I'm going to get
this pizza out of the way yeah get out
of here I lost my appetite for the pizza
my son is talking crazy what's he saying
Jeffy say the stuff you've been saying
sometimes you got to pop out and show
don't say that Jeffy a
miner oh I see what's going on he's
skidy what skibby toilet what is it this
toilet thing he has W RZ Marvin W RZ
Livy dun RZ who is that look Marvin he
probably just fell asleep while he was
watching Tik Tok and now he's got brain
rot brain rot yeah a lot of kids these
days have it that's why they're trying
to ban Tik Tok hold on I have a test to
see if he actually does have brain rot
all right Jeffy would you rather have
$100,000 in your bank account right away
or Renegade
Raider Renegade Raider yeah he's
definitely got brain rot okay well how
do you fix it well you have to defeat
the skibbidy toilet God who's the skibby
toilet God he's a head that lives in a
toilet but you have to very powerful
Aura to defeat him do do I have powerful
Aura no no you don't Marvin oh hold on
John pork is calling who's John pork
believe me you do not want to answer
that what is going on Marvin you just
have to have really powerful Aura so you
can defeat the skibby toilet God and how
do I get that well hold on I think Jeffy
might have a powerful Aura I have to
test it all right Jeffy let's
[Music]
Mew all right Jeffy that's enough mewing
I like your cut G ow what were you guys
just doing we were mewing Marvin Jeffy
Sigma what is me you don't know what me
is Marvin like a cat like me oh cringe
Chad is this real F's in the chat what
am I doing wrong everything Marvin
you're beta well how do I not be beta
how do I get Jeffy to stop talking like
that I told you you have to beat the
skiy toilet God so I go to my toilet and
he's there yes but you're not ready to
see him yet you have to be based you
know pagers fortnite battle pass if I
buy the pass will I be based no God damn
it Marvin you gone to Knuckles you gone
to Knuckles Marvin do you know the way
no well I will teach you the way Marvin
I have three tests okay first you have
to learn how to Mew okay teach me how to
Mew okay you have to pucker your lips
and squint
okay Marvin you look like you're pooping
I don't know how to mute okay clearly
okay we'll come back to that for now
follow me to the kitchen the kitchen why
am I wearing a tun Squad Jersey because
Marvin for this test you have to drink
this entire bottle of Sprite cranberry
without spilling it that's not hard oh
yes it is because you have to do it
without getting caught by LeBron James
LeBron James isn't here well every time
somebody opens up a bottle of Sprite
cranberry LeBron James just magically
appears no he doesn't all right don't
say I didn't warn
you hey there it's me LeBron James
LeBron James yeah I told you Marvin whoa
is that a Sprite cranberry that's my
favorite J G Willers I know buddy oh
Space Jam 2 is the ultimate Space Jam
Bugs Bunny told me himself I'm his
favorite yeah I bet he did mhm I get to
play basketball with my son like he's
four years old Michael Jordan could
never okay Marvin drink this spr quick
quick quick go go go get back with
my is that a Sprite
cranberry
my okay I'm safe in here let me just
drink this Sprite
cranberry you are my
sunshine my only
sunshine you make me happy Sprite
cranberry
oh no I'm almost done I just got to
hurry up I got to hurry
up
cranberry what's going to happen to me
oh Marvin you get caught by LeBron James
my Sprite cranber what's he going to do
well he can either kill you or you can
call him your Pooky Bear say it what
yeah call me Pooky bear who's your Pooky
bear LeBron James you're my Pooky Bear
yeah that's right sprad cranberry and
you have to listen to one of his madeup
stories what LeBron James is a
pathological liar he said he knew Kobe
was going to drop 80 yeah I saw it in a
dream once oh uh Lebron James didn't you
see the dinosaurs go extinct yeah I
played 1 V one with a T-Rex did not
looked up in the sky saw a meteor and I
said man that looks like that's going to
make us extin see and it did oh well
come on Marvin let's go do your next
test bye LeBron James I'm about to play
basketball what's wrong Marvin I almost
got killed by LeBron James Marvin say it
right LeBron James well how did that
happen because he didn't drink all of
his Sprite cranberry fast enough that's
how wait a second I thought that was
only seasonal it is we just taped a
label onto a bottle of normal Sprite
LeBron James didn't even notice it was a
lot of sprite I can't drink it that fast
L L's in the chat for Marvin listen I
already failed The Stupid Test that
means I can't fight the toilet no Marvin
you don't have to pass all the tests you
just have to pass three tests so there's
a lot of tests yeah there's a whole
bunch well then give me an easy one to
do okay hit the gritty hit the what widy
hit the gritty what's the gritty just
gritty isn't that a sandwich from
McDonald's no Marvin that's a McGriddle
God damn it you're an un status you're
giving ick how do I not give ick okay uh
let me see your Gat my what your Gat
stick your Gat out for the rizzler bend
over oh you do not have a gach liby Dun
would not like this at all you're saying
people's names I don't know these people
okay Marvin try being the biggest bird
the what be the biggest bird how can I
be a bird I'm a human well like I'm the
biggest bird if you're the biggest bird
I can't be the biggest bird Marvin just
be the biggest bird like the goat you
want me to be a goat or a bird oh Jesus
Christ Marvin you're so Choy wait wait
don't you know Shrek yes I know Shrek
okay that's good Shrek is love Shrek is
life all you have to do is go kiss Shrek
on the mouth and you'll pass a test
maybe even two because Shrek is so love
and life I'm not kissing Shrek on the
mouth he's disgusting you want to beat
the Skiby toilet God don't you yes then
go kiss
Shrek
okay I didn't know that much could
come out of my
ass hey Shrek not right now donkey I
just found out that I have seen if get
along this oh God it smells so bad oh
isn't it great donkey no oh just bask in
the Ambiance of my
 oh God I'm getting lightheaded ah
me too isn't it great no oh oh donkey
it's like Beaver built a damn out of
sticks and twigs to stop the from
coming out of my ass but it's not
working donkey because the HRI King
Katrina of is coming and it's going
to break the ly donkey break the
l oh god oh do get do get it's like my
 is a gumball machine just
producing little balls
like okay that's enough listen I need
your help what do you need donkey well I
need
a oh God it sounds so bad oh donkey you
want to know what's really bad what when
you're in the middle of taking a
and then then your starts
itching in the middle of it and you itch
it anyway oh God yeah you got to get all
the way to the
knuckles all right well now I'm just
playing with myself but okay sh stop
it oh dony get away
that yeah donkey see the fingers and and
there's still a little bit of left
underneath oh God I want to hear
underneath my nails from last week's
 no don't get get away my face I
need your help what do you need dony
okay listen
I need to give you a kiss I thought
you'd never asked donkey come here you
not your ass well why not because I need
to kiss your mouth oh you think I'm sexy
R my titties no I need to kiss you so I
can get Riz well don't get I I don't
know anything about Riz all I know is
Cho can't guys give me give me no listen
listen just give me a quick kiss so I
can get Riz okay come here
B okay give let go me Let Go me um don't
get I I don't have any toilet paper cuz
I'm going I'm going a lot of crust crust
crust crust crust crust crusty crab
ass did you do it yes I kissed Shrek it
was disgusting oh I can feel your Sigma
AA bro thinks he's cardi okay so can I
take on the Toilet Man Family Guy funny
moments compilation with Subway Surfers
Gameplay at the bottom what that means
yes okay good so I can go do the toilet
guy yeah but take Jeffy with you you're
going to need his ratio his ratio yeah
he has a high ratio yeah and I think it
really serious we'll just hit the T pose
okay let's go to the toilet so I can
just go to any toilet yeah all right cuz
Shrek is shedding his brains out over
there yeah no he whole skibby toilet
right out of there I'm going to a
different toilet all right Jeffy there's
the toilet now how do we summon the
skibby toilet God all right daddy I'm
going to sing one two buckle my shoe and
then you sing the Whopper commercial
okay okay all right ready here we go one
two buckle my shoe Whopper Whopper
Whopper Whopper SK
poop poop
yeah it's literally just a head in the
toilet what do I do then you got to hit
him with the Sessy impostor what thei
Baka what me Daddy
me H that's weak come on Daddy me me
like you've never muted before okay I'm
going to me I'm going to M I'm going
[Music]
to yay d you did it you stopped disy
toilet I did it I did it yeah Dy muted
you did what I muted and I took down the
SK the SK the skiing Toilet Man oh W
Marvin yeah so I'm not from Ohio and I
have no baby groonos oh Rose you should
totally Hawk to a spit on that thing to
celebrate I think you should do that
because I deserve it wait you said if I
took down man of the toilet that you
wouldn't talk like this anymore it was
cap hard cap okay well don't let this
distract you from the fact that Klay
Thompson would 0 for 10 in an
elimination game he did yeah it's crazy
well can you guys please just leave I
don't want to hear any of this stupid
dumb lingo anymore no problem here's the
information about the Mercedes CLR GTR
the Mercedes CLR GTR is a remarkable
racing car celebrated for its
outstanding performance
[Music]