let go of me let go of me someone help
no one's going to come save you let it
go Jer well if it isn't the Batman
Batman save me it's not going to save
you I said let her go Jer you're going
to have to kill me first you know I
can't do that that's my one rule you see
Batman that's why I'll always be on top
I'm tired of being on bottom my butt
hurts just for once I want to be on top
no I'm always on top you know I like
being on top I know but my butt like
really hurts and just for one time I
like to be on top please Batman I'd like
to discuss this later when she's not
around please okay so like Let Her Go
sure just remove your mask and show us
all who you really are okay so if I take
off this mask you'll let her go yes I'm
a man of my word okay I'm taking it
off now let her go okay well that's not
fair I didn't know you're going to have
another mask under that one it doesn't
matter you didn't ask if I had another
mask on under that one so now you let
her go you and I both know that's
[ __ ] I I wanted you to remove your
mask so I could see your face
it doesn't matter a Deal's a deal so you
have to let her go you're right you're
right he's right he's right get out of
here looks like it's just me and you now
Batman hold on I got to take her home
first oh come on really you're going to
make me wait here while you take her
home no that's okay I'm calling an Uber
see Batman she's calling you an Uber but
I really wanted to take her home I was
trying to get some tonight oh well I I
don't want to be a [ __ ] I was trying to
give us a b dick no no no the Uber's
almost here I'm fine hear that you're
out of time Batman God damn it I had a
bat chubby now who am I going to use it
on I know someone you could use it on I
get to be on top how about we fight to
see on top come on Joker show me what
you got let's see what your made backman
car there's a car coming guys come on
everyone out of the road we got to be
safe oh actually I think that's my Uber
it's your
Uber are you really drinking a bottle of
water right now yes cuz doing this voice
is a pain in my ass I don't know why I
don't just use my regular voice hey hey
why didn't you get an Uber black I can't
afford it it's too expensive oh well I'm
rich as [ __ ] so you missed out well why
didn't you get me an Uber black you
didn't want any bat dick no I didn't you
know what bye all right well enjoy your
Uber por now where were we well hold on
hold on Joker hold on wait for the car
to drive off they might call the cops Oh
no you're right you know nothing wrong
with extra
safety is that is that the Joker and
Batman fighting please keep driving you
don't want to know yeah I've always
wanted to meet them you don't want to
meet them all right Joker the car is
gone now where were we well hold on
let's set up some rules first okay first
of all no weapons all right second of
all no one can die those are your rules
all right let's
go got you [ __ ] ass St the [ __ ] out of
you didn't I ass you know what you
remind me of my father I hated my father
sounds like Daddy Issues to me you
should about to go get that look at Oh
Daddy Issues I'll show you daddy issues
there was a girl once I dated in college
she had daddy issues and she was a freak
A freaky freak God I miss her hey i s
new
guns officer guy get in here what is it
sir but we haven't heard from Batman in
a while and crime's been really bad
lately with that joker fell running all
over town doing all kinds of bad stuff
so we need you to light up the bat
signal and let Batman know we need them
well I would sir but the bat Signal's
out of batteries and it won't light up
well then put more batteries in it but
see sir it's really late at night and
nowhere is open except for the 24-hour
bank and gas station and I don't think
they have batteries so I think I'm just
going to go to my friend's house I think
he has some batteries okay you do
that next how may I help you sir oh yes
I would like to withdraw $20 from my
account all right what was the name oh
peee excuse me uh Chef peee what is your
legal name sir Fernando peee strong
Bottomz what name okay let me see oh I'm
so sorry you don't have $20 in your
account what how much do I have in
there5
I guess I owe y'all money huh yes you do
um well can I get a loan please well let
me see your credit score oh oh no no
your credit score is seven oh 700 wa we
in now no no it's just seven God I
didn't know I could get that low I guess
you'll never see me in here again next
oh my God embarrassing oh my bad I'm
sorry just trying to leave well I'm
trying to go this okay so which way are
you trying to go I'm going that way okay
well I'll stay right here you go okay
thanks God damn get in my way oh another
damn clown what the hell is this a clown
convention you say something like that
we're robbing this [ __ ] okay well I
won't be the one that stops you now I'm
giving your money W you want my money oh
how about you ask that nice lady behind
the counter over there she'll happily
give you the Nega $5 in my [ __ ]
account good luck with that my [ __ ]
okay then bring her here bring her here
please don't hurt me oh I'm not going to
hurt you as long as you open that safe
but I can lose my job or you can lose
your life no please no you know you look
a lot like my mother did I ever tell you
how I got these scars no I've never met
you before come here so my mother was a
COC addict and a [ __ ] and she used to
make me sandwiches and forget to cut the
crust off and I don't like the crust not
one bit well one day mother decides to
make me a sandwich a baloney sandwich
and she forgets to cut the crust off so
I say mother you forgot to cut the crust
off and she says just eat the damn thing
it's not that serious and I say it's
very serious and she says well I'm going
to do something about that so she goes
and grabs the kitchen knife and she puts
it in my mouth like this and she says
why so serious and I said I wouldn't be
so serious if you'd cut the damn press
off the bread and she says let's put a
smile on that face so I think that she's
going to cut the crust off because that
would put a smile on my face but instead
she just carves a permanent smile into
my face so now no matter when I eat a
sandwich with crust on it I'm always
smiling okay now open the Dan okay okay
[Applause]
okay take your time I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm
trying okay turn the wheel
where's the money well well you see uh
we're kind of a new bank so we haven't
had a deposit yet all our cash is in the
registers you didn't think you could
have told me that before I told you the
story about my mother well you didn't
ask what do you think I just wanted to
come in here and see an empty safe I'm
sorry you were just so intimidating I
was
scared to the gas
station hey Mommy and Daddy you like my
Batman costume it [ __ ] it sure does
Jeffy Jeffy you take that costume off
it's not Halloween yet and now I'm going
to jerk my bat dick you're not going to
be jerking anything Jeffy you take that
costume off hey Marvin do you have any
batteries I need them to light up the
bat signal so we can get Batman's
attention but it takes like D batteries
and nobody buys those I never have them
when I need them I think I have some D
batteries in the kitchen let me look
okay
thanks Batman Marvin forget about the
batteries I found Batman oh thank God
you're here we need you to stop the
Joker he's been doing crimes all over
town I'm going to jerk my bat dick hey
whatever you got to do to get ready man
hold on okay you didn't hear it but the
radio just said that the Joker's robbing
the bank go stop them no time to Jer my
bat dick no no no just hurry hurry hurry
I'll meet you
there what kind of bank doesn't have any
money I don't know boss stop my
D I thought I killed you no let's fix
that what is that a real gun oh yeah oh
[ __ ] that you can go you're going to let
me go yeah I'm not trying to die I don't
know what game you're playing Batman but
I'm going to figure it out come
on Batman I just got here I came in
through the back did you stop the Joker
no he got away what how'd he get away he
had a [ __ ] gun but don't you have
like a bulletproof suit no that's Iron
Man oh I didn't realize you guys were in
the same universe well darn well did he
get away with any money I don't know I
didn't ask him okay well I guess we're
just going to have to wait for him to do
another crime to your back cave
how's it going hello how are you thank
you for coming to the gas station what
can I do for you you know you sound a
lot like my father pardon me I hated my
father oh I'm sorry to hear that did I
ever tell you the story of how I got
these scars no you see my father he was
an alcoholic and a piece of [ __ ] and one
Halloween he wanted to carve pumpkins so
he got drunk and we didn't have any
pumpkins so he took a k kit knife like
this and it's stuck it in my mouth and I
said Dad I'm not a pumpkin and he said
how are you talking pumpkin so then he
carves my mouth into a permanent smile
like a Jacko Lantern he stuck a candle
in my mouth like a jack Lantern and he
put me on front porch like some kind of
decoration and I watched kids go
trick-or-treating that night I even
heard one of them say trick or treat
smell my feet now why would he say that
what does what does feet have to do with
candy speaking of candy how much for a
pack of those Peanut M&M's over there
uh$ 1999 how about everything in the rat
oh holy [ __ ] okay hold on let me open
it Batman Batman thank God you're here
the Joker's robbing the gas station okay
just a second but there's no time we can
stop him this time you're right bat dick
can wait okay come on stop right Jer
Batman what are you going to do let me
go again not this time Jer we'll see
about
that okay you can leave I don't want to
get shot no you can't just keep letting
me get away with this Batman I need
consequences right back but you still
have a knife so you got to get rid of
that first not real knife okay now I'll
do what my daddy does to me bend over
you getting this bacon now
talking b n don't do that again all
right do you learn your lesson oh I
learned my lesson did I ever tell you
how I got these scars did I ever tell
you how I got [ __ ] in my
Dad sorry I just didn't want to hear
another story about the scars it's
different every time I gave him this
spanking yeah no I saw that I watched
that whole thing it was mad gay so I you
I just I shot him so he's dead now so
that's cool oh no there's a dead body in
my store don't worry we're going to
clean it up wait a minute hey hey hey Mr
clown man Guy come on out you're under
arrest oh [ __ ] you have a
gun okay well that's taken care of maybe
I can be Batman wait no I can't I killed
somebody I can't be Batman
[Music]