hey guys today I'm going to be playing
Quick Draw I just heard about this game
and I thought it looked really fun to
play um I I think that in real life I'm
a pretty good drawer but I don't know
how well I'm going to do on my laptop's
uh trackpad cuz I just bought this
laptop I'm more of a desktop person with
a mouse so uh let's see how well I do in
this game so let's do it um draw a a
barn draw a barn here we go draw a barn
uh I see line or matches or stre light
or Mountain I see church or suad oh I
know it's Barn oh that's pretty dumb I I
I I'm glad he got it but I feel like
stupid okay ice cream let's draw an ice
cream I start off with the I see diamond
or line or swing set or bench oh I know
it's ice cream oh okay let's draw a bear
um IC see mushroom or frying pan or
boomerang
oh I know
it's I'm so I'm good at this game I'm
good at it I'm good at a shandelier all
right here we go u i see garden hose or
snake or toe or dog I see pants or nose
oh I know it's chandelier there's no way
in [ __ ] that he got it from that
whatever an elephant so I got to draw
his mom oh [ __ ] um I see rifle or marker
or bird or a or umbrella I see Mouse or
ey glasses or bear or bread I see
megaphone or dog or rhinoceros or squ
okay you're nameing off every goddamn
thing but an elephant know it's elephant
he like I see rhinoceros [ __ ] you
see [ __ ] you a hand all right draw a
hand um okay I see string beam or
Boomerang I see paper clip or saxophone
oh I know it's hand it's hand so I I I
want all those let's let's play again I
want all those it's dumb sorry if I'm
not talking that much I'm not used to
playing games or talking that much I'm
so focused on my drawing but see a
spreadsheet oh [ __ ] what I see line or
matches or div isce sare I see bread I
see
cooler or camouflage or oven or if I
draw a knife I see postcard I see bed
and a jam I see sword or church and you
spread it spread the jam on the on the
paper spread it sorry I couldn't guess
it draw a scorpion all right easy easy
money easy I see Rainbow or palm tree or
Popsicle or yoga I see snail or hat or
FR or octopus or diving no you didn't
you don't see a [ __ ] octopus I see
campire that's a [ __ ] Scorpion or
mosquito I see Beach or roller coaster
or G or fire hydrant I see Lobster crap
sorry [ __ ] that's a scorpion guys
hold on hold on break can I take a break
am I allowed to do that I'm going to
Google scorpion maybe I forgot what a
scorp scorpion looks like I know they
have the little tail and that's
[ __ ] um here we
go okay I didn't draw the claws [ __ ] off
all right
so draw a key easy draw a key I'm here
um all right so I see Circle or potato
or nose or pear or Moon I see duck or
lipstick or flashlight or marker I see
rabbit or bear a rabbit that's a key I'm
not sure what that is you [ __ ]
it's key there you go
God and this all this the best I can do
with the track bad I draw a store um how
am I going to show that it's a store or
matches or diving board or pillow I see
bench or Square or oven or cooler or
suitcase I see Barn uh Barn that was we
already did that one I see a fireplace
Mart I'm trying to draw I see the Great
Wall of
China what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
sorry the Great Wall of China [ __ ] you
you stupid dumb computer uh draw
dishwasher
okay I see div or bench or table oh you
see diving Bo I see jail or bread I see
cooler or or
bed I see toaster or television what
he's high as [ __ ] I'm stumped you're
stumped I see stove I don't know what a
dishwasher looks like I mean I know what
sorry I couldn't guess it what could I
have drawn to to to show that it was a
dishwasher it's the same as what I just
drew but I mean the buttons
the a chair chair easy my computer is
starting to overheat cuz it doesn't
understand what's going on um I see
diving board or bench or Square or
dumbbell oh I know it's
chair easy easy all right I'm going to
keep playing this because I'm getting
really mad
um the remote
control computer calm down you hear
this hear that and this is the this is
the best Mac you can buy out of focus as
[ __ ] uh this is the best MacBook you can
buy um and it's overheating you hear it
uh not the not the one with touchpad I
didn't get that I didn't like that
because I I I want USB ports but anyway
remote control can we get can we do it
let's do it um easy I see nail or line
or street light or skyscraper I see door
or bread or oven or suitcase or cooler I
see passport passport okay I oh I know
it's remote control okay if I would have
missed that one I understand I didn't
start off with a good approach on that
one but passport
kangaroo I swear to
God I'm I know how to draw it but watch
watch him mess up okay so we start off
with the legs nose or ear or peanut or
hat or or Moon I see mustache I see foot
or chandelier or arm or you see
chandelier you're just or Ste scope oh I
know it's
kangaroo Okay I didn't get to finish leg
oh [ __ ] I didn't mean to click it that
fast uh I see broom or stairs or foot or
shoe or sock oh I know it's leg I'm
getting a phone call guys all right guys
a fence can we draw a fence this should
be this should be easy uh I see a finger
or crayon or knife
or skyscraper those are good guesses oh
I know it's fence it's fence it's fence
if I suck at drawing it's I'm drawing
with with my fingers and I I'm not
really good at that a wrist watch all
right this going to be hell I see line
or Ocean or garden hose or spoon I see
rifle or snake or submarine or crocodile
I see Anvil or speedboat or aircraft
carrier or mosquito I see diving board
or toothpaste or yoga I see Lantern
sorry I couldn't guess it I I did
I I drew it I drew exactly what it was
wrist and it was the watch [ __ ] it
binoculars godamn all right here we go I
see Circle or potato blueberry or bow
tie I see ey glasses or bracelet or
peanut or Peas I see microphone or
teapot or belt or bandage I see pig or
mouse or bread or Lobster I see frog B
cooler or grapes or Yogo sorry I
couldn't guess it cuz you're a [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] you stupid
computer draw a dog all right easy easy
easy I see bread or ear or potato or
apple I see bow tie or key or bat or
stethoscope I see T-shirt oh I know it's
dog it's dog yep there you go got it a
speedboat God he if he can't get
or the Great Wall of China what's with
you in the Great Wall of China it's like
your fetish or some [ __ ] you want stop
talking about great CH I see toothpaste
or bed or belt or pool or diving board I
see
screwdriver or paintbrush or aircraft
carrier aircraft carrier [ __ ] got it
or Beach sorry I couldn't guess it I
already drew a
kangaroo I see line or feather or sun or
megaphone or yoga I see flashlight or ey
glasses or trombone or camel I see ant
or bat or animal Migration or jacket I
see
Garden I see rain or Mouse I see
frog sorry I couldn't guess it all right
we're going to draw an i easy I see
Circle or potato I see Compass or clock
or
Mouse eyelashes I see alarm clock oh I
know it's a it's it's a bow tie
okay I see potato or bread or mouse or
cloud or mustache oh I know it's B tie
oh I know it's bow tie [ __ ] you backpack
all right so okay I see Circle I see
potato or watermelon or mug or bread I
see coffee I know it's backpack I didn't
even know what the [ __ ] how I was
drawing it or what that that he that's
[ __ ] no all right we're going to
play One More Time guys and uh we'll see
how it goes I
I I already drew it guys I already drew
it so I'm going draw a cat and see if
you can get it okay here we go I see a
mountain or finger or mouse or dumbbell
I see Bridge or seesaw or swing set it's
a cat I see raccoon or power outlet it's
a cat oh I know it's dog no that's a
cat no camouflage I'm going to draw a
okay so he's not going to be guessing
the actual word I'm going to
draw I'm going to draw a toilet and see
if he can get
draw toilet okay so I see stairs or
mushroom or Mouse I see bread or
lollipop or pillow or hourglass I see
toilet or mosquito got it all right now
camouflage I see radio I see Lantern or
Train That's camouflage I see frog or
Scorpion or oven garden hose sorry I
couldn't guess it draw a
saxophone all right here we go saxophone
I see necklace or elbow or toe or or
foot or coffee cup I see shoe or drom
bone or SN oh that's a trone snake
what's a
saxophone I see key or marker what's a
saxophone what's a I see yoga or dog
what's a saxophone I see mermaid you see
mermaid [ __ ] you sorry I couldn't guess
I'm an idiot I don't know what a
saxophone looks like let me see what a
sexophone looks
like I'm assuming it's a smaller yes
it's a smaller
looking [ __ ]
off draw a jacket
all right here we go I see nail or knee
or bread or hexagon or umbrella I see
shovel I see mushroom or Lantern or
sweater or t-shirt I see rhinoceros oh I
know how do you go from sweater to
rhinoceros you dumb [ __ ] all right guys
um I'm going to draw a hospital I'm
going to finish this round and then I'm
done cuz this guy's an idiot all right
so big see line big building I see
diving board or laptop or bread or
Square all right so this is a this is
what shows a h I'm stumped okay well I'm
not done yet [ __ ] I'm not sure what
that is this is a h i see Castle or
passport oh I know it's Hospital oh you
got last second baseball all right so I
see garden hose or bread or potato or
Circle I see helmet I see clock or onion
oh I know
baseball oh I know it's baseball that's
baseball all right guys so this was
uh quick draw with Google I definitely
recommend playing it if you want to it's
if you're really lonely like me um but
yeah any other fun games you want me to
play just post a comment or if you don't
want me to play games say Logan stop
playing games you already do good making
plush videos kill yourself um whatever
so all right guys uh I'm going give this
computer a break because it's still
having a fan problem but yeah any other
games you want me to play I'll play
it yeah