marvin are you ready to go out on our
date night sure baby let's go okay but
did you find a babysitter to watch jeffy
jeffy doesn't need a babysitter he's 17
years old i don't think that's a good
idea to leave jeffy home alone all he's
going to do is watch tv look
jeffy did you just stop the couch with a
knife no i just saw you do it your mind
you ran i didn't think you were gonna
lie to my face jeffy stop stabbing the
cuff of the knife give me a thousand
dollars to stop what no i'm not giving
you a thought jeffy stop it if you stab
that couch one more time you are
grounded mister oh no [ __ ] but jeffy
jeffy we were going to leave you home
alone oh that's not a good idea
that is that give me that give me that
baby find a babysitter on craigslist i
don't care how bad she is make sure she
has huge cans what you got another night
guys
give me the gift
give me the nut jeffy that is it you are
grounded and we're gonna get the meanest
babysitter we can find all right marvin
i just called the babysitter she'll be
here any second does she have huge cans
there will be no cans jeffy well what if
she recycles you didn't think about that
did you daddy huh face there she is i'm
gonna answer the door hello hi i'm the
babysitter vicky you must be jeffy's dad
yes i am jeffy's upstairs i can't wait
to meet the little angel well come on
inside all right jeffy i want you to
meet your babysitter vicky hi yo whoa my
name is heaphy jeffy why are you talking
like that talking like well ow okay i'll
stop say hi to vicky in your normal
voice
okay i promise i'll stop this time hi
jeffy it's so nice to meet you now you
two run along on your little date i'll
take good care of jeffy oh okay all
right maybe let's go bye jeffy hey daddy
real quick solid 0 out of 10 stars on
the cans her chest is flatter than her
back jeffy you be nice to the babysitter
i'll try all right squirt i can't do
that can you three things stay out of my
way go to bed early and do the dishes
okay well i got three things for you one
get bigger cans two get braces and
number three get bigger cans i just
can't get over that go do the dishes 101
get out of it i won't kill you and i'll
order pizza with the money your parents
left
all right just don't get green beans on
your pizza i don't like green beans oh
i'll make sure i don't get green beans
jeffy there's a dizzy i ordered the
pizza
i hate her
all right all clean
am done with the dishes and i'm ready
for
pizza
wait you ate all your pizza don't worry
twerp i saved you a piece
what green beans i hate green beans what
kind of toy do you got there it's my cat
piano and it makes cat noises book
give me that wait give me my cat piano
back oh i'll give it back after i break
it good you're back here
hey stop hitting my turn piano
whoops why would you break my champiano
oh good look now you're in bed i don't
want to see your face for the rest of
the night
i know we need your feet for your
wedding tonight
oh magic 8 ball when will my wiener ever
be 4 inches
never oh stupid eight ball
hey
jeffy
i'm cosmo hello i'm wanda and we're
your fairy god parents so what do you
think jeffy i think i'm calling the cops
you can't do that if you tell anyone
about us we'll disappear forever well
that's what i want leave but don't you
want your wishes wishes you guys grant
wishes yep we sure do we're magic magic
so i can wish for whatever i want as
long as it follows the rules
oh there's rules that's gay yeah you
just can't wish for anyone to fall in
love with you or wish for anyone to die
hmm well i do wish that my cat piano
wasn't broken oh well that's easy
you guys fixed my cat piano you guys
really are magic we sure are we can
grant any wish well almost any wish
that is awful just like you're cooking
hmm i'm gonna check on that ugly twerk
oh no my babysitter's coming you guys
gotta hide well what do you want us to
hide at i don't know um goldfish go fish
i don't have any cards he said goldfish
you idiot
well this isn't obvious at all this
isn't going to work can you guys be like
a smaller goldfish oh i got an
idea what's going on in here i heard fun
and i hate fun oh nothing i was just
playing my cafe i know i thought i broke
that what's this you know the rules no
snacks in your room oh no cosmology
rwanda
these goldfish are loud poor cosmo
oh my head hurt she sure chewed you out
you could say that again she sure chewed
you out wait you guys are alive of
course we are what goes in must come out
that's one mean babysitter i don't know
i kind of like her fangs yeah i hate her
i wish she would fall down the stairs
done and done i'm gonna go downstairs
for a drink
[Music]
that's gotta hurt i hope she had a nice
fall no i wish a bowling ball would fall
on her head what if it kills her i wish
a bowling ball would fall on her head
how about a male concussion i'll take it
okay
uh-oh
still right one that's baseball you
idiot now lighter on fire well i think
she's gonna be out for a while let's go
have some fun okay
so jeffy what's something you always
wanted to wish for pee pee shucking
fairies well you already got one of
those
you'll be surprised that it's not me
wink wink jesus well i wish i had a big
boobie to squeeze coming right up
boom
boom
boom
so how did you like your boob be pretty
scary huh well that's not really what i
had in mind but i want a big round
boobies oh why did you just say so
hi so how do you like your poobie not
poopy a booby a female breast you know
what forget it i don't even want it
anymore well what else do you want to
wish for well i never got my cheese
pizza so i wish for a cheese pizza ooh
can i have something no poopy get out of
here shoes
i finally got my cheese pizza did
somebody say cheese that was a good one
oh no junior and cody are coming you
guys gotta hide let's try the goldfish
rat again and let's try not to get eaten
this time okay
hey jeffy what are you doing oh no way
bro you get goldfish you got cheese
pizza hell yeah hey junior how much to
eat one of these fish a goldfish uh i'll
eat one if you eat one okay i'm down hey
jeffy can we eat your fish i don't care
oh sweet oh i'm like dunk my head and
try to grab with my mouth yeah it's like
bobbing for apples but the apples are
alive and they don't want to die yeah
that'd be sick
i think my head's too big for the bowl
yeah and i really don't want to get my
hair wet it takes forever to braid these
hey jeffy have you ever taken out of the
bowl we'll totally eat them okay all
right
whoa that was a close one you were gonna
let him eat us well he's been eating
before that's true man junior that pizza
looked good do you want to ask jeffy if
he'll let you take a bite of his pizza
yeah sure i don't have cuties hey jeffy
can we have your pizza what was that um
nothing nothing what was that i thought
i saw fairy godparents no you didn't see
that you didn't do that what happened to
your goldfish i ate them you were
supposed to let us eat them no he's too
damn greedy too greedy well can we have
your pizza yeah sure take it just go oh
okay
oh well it came off the plate cody i got
it i got it
double close one we have to be more
careful if anyone were to see us we'll
disappear forever yeah i got it i know
your rules all right jeffy any more
wishes you want to make yeah i wish i
had paper like cash cash green cash cash
what i wish i had money but jeffy if you
wish for money then that will take it
from someone else i don't care i wish i
had money okay
oh marvin i'm stuffed yeah this dinner
was so good your bills uh all right let
me just grab my money
here you go
was that some kind of magic trick sir
where'd my money go uh
it was right here did you see it go
anywhere did it blow away no uh uh oh oh
oh i am so sorry uh well i don't have
any more money well then you must wash
dishes wash dishes baby do you have any
money no i don't have any money oh i
thought that was all the money i had
there you go we're only a hundred bucks
i wanted hundreds of thousands of
dollars but jeffy that's stealing i wish
i had hundreds of thousands of dollars
okay
now this is more like it jeffy this is
wrong well i don't want to know what
ride is
what are you even gonna buy with this
you could have just wished for it money
cars and clothes and hoes i'll drink to
that huh oh
who threw that bowling ball at me i bet
it was that twerp i'm gonna make him pay
100 200 300 400 oh no the babysitter's
coming not icky vicky hi guys
what are you doing in here twerp tongue
cash where did all this money come from
and who said you could have fish i'm
gonna go flush him down the toilet no
you're not who's gonna stop me oh i wish
the cops were here to arrest you
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa where
where the hell am i i was just in the
shower and where did all this money come
from wait am i am i a stripper officer
what are you doing here i don't know she
hit me what really what no i didn't
arrest her well i don't know that i can
just arrest him oh rester well but i i
don't think simon says arrest her i i i
wish you'd arrest her
well for some reason i have the sudden
urge to arrest you why i don't know but
i think i have to come on
she better not drop the soap
she's going to an all-female prison
cosmo oh jeffy why don't you give some
of this money to charity i wish i had
all the charities money jeffy let's talk
about this oh no my parents are home
early you guys gotta hide go back to
being goldfish
jeffy we're home what jeffy where'd you
get all this money from my fairy odd
parents they're disguised as goldfish oh
[ __ ] what happened to them they
disappeared because i wasn't supposed to
tell you about them but good news is we
still have all this cash
well we could have used some of this
money at the restaurant i thought i had
money and then when i checked my wallet
it was empty so we had to wash dishes
all night well i had to wash dishes too
and there's a shattered one downstairs
so you might want to clean that up what
happened to your babysitter oh she got
arrested for hitting me tonight's been a
whole thing i just don't really want to
talk about
[Music]