so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude I'm hungry yeah I could use some
nummy in my tummy well Chef Phoebe
should be done cooking dinner soon all
right guys
watch your mouth that's chicken
Jambalaya I don't see any chicken oh
that's what the nutter butters are for
you substituted nutter butters for
chicken well then shut up just eat just
eat God stop being choicy why is there a
can lid in there yeah we're not eating
this I'll eat it for five bucks Joseph
I'm not gonna pay you to get food
poisoning how about guys how about we
just drive to McDonald's but we're not
old enough to drive yeah we don't have a
license dude do we know anyone with a
license well Ken has a driver's license
well he doesn't have a driver's license
he's a dog dude he's not a dog Joseph of
course he has a driver's license how
else could it be a race car driver well
then show us a driver's license yeah
okay let me get it out of his wallet
boom read it weep Chumps oh yeah dude
that's definitely fake yeah it looks
fake Cody it's not fake it's very real
why is Ken so orange oh he had a sunburn
that day yeah I told him not to get his
driver's license photo done when he had
a sunburn but he didn't listen he just
had to drive his last name is Carson yep
and one day I'm gonna be Cody Carson and
look he's even an organ donor he can't
be
what if GI Joe needs to they just have a
plastic kidney Cody shut up wait wait it
says right here Ken was born in 1961.
that means Ken is over 60 years old yeah
but ages but a number but you're under
18 so that's wrong no no it's not wrong
because he's a he's a doll no no he's
not a dog well if he was a doll Cody it
wouldn't be weird if he was made in 1961
that's fine but if he was born in 1961
then then he's a predator no he's not a
predator he he has Benjamin Button
disease so he's basically 17. dude if he
wasn't plastic I'd be calling the cops
right now well look guys he has a
driver's license okay can he drive can
he drive did chick Thunder Hicks sign
with dynaco yes he did and Lightning
McQueen signed with rusties I watched
cars last night just a little bit of
Pixar trivia for you can Ken drive us
McDonald's no what's the point of
okay drive us well because he can't
drive at night because he has
astigmatism what what do you mean his
eyes are bad yeah he has bad eyes okay
look when God gives you washboard abs
and a perfect ass and a giant Wang he
has to take away something so Kim can't
drive to McDonald's what if we duct tape
him to the steering wheel and then you
drive the car and it looks like Ken's
driving it and we have someone with a
license at least in the car I don't know
look look Ken look just you and Ken
follow me look okay Cody I duct tape Ken
to the steering wheel so if we get
pulled over to say Ken was driving but I
don't want Ken to get in trouble well
then don't get pulled over but I don't
even really know how to drive I can't
even see over the steering wheel all you
do is press the gas pedal and then move
the steering wheel back and forth this
seems like a bad idea I want to go to
McDonald's okay put it in drive I guess
oh man Simmons I hate the night shift
I'm so tired I think I'm gonna take a
nap just wake me up if any crimes happen
all right mate I'm gonna test out the
equipment make sure it's working
properly I'm gonna start with the Lots
Simmons you turn the siren on yeah I'm
just testing out the lights to see if
they work but stop staring at the lights
it's bad for your eyes you know what
else is bad for your eyes a pencil yeah
yeah I guess that would be bad for your
eyes any sharp object is bad for your
eyes and bricks are bad for your teeth
well yeah you shouldn't chew on bricks
oh Simmons did you see that car he was
flying he wasn't flying he was driving
no I meant he was going fast come on
we're gonna get him
[Applause]
all right they pulled over look I'm
really tired I'm just gonna give him a
warning and let them go so I can go back
to my nap wait a minute before you go
aren't carrots good for your eyes I mean
that's what I've heard yeah so I can
poke myself in the eye with a carrot and
be all right no no they're not for
poking yourself in the eye symptoms for
eating well then if I eat them then it
means they're good for my mouth I'll let
you figure that out while I'm gone
what's wrong Cody I'm having a panic
attack I don't want to go to jail what
if they make me be the top that's too
much pressure I can't last that long
Cody let me get in the driver's seat and
I'll do all the talking you're gonna
screw this up no Cody trust me I know
how to talk to Cops okay excuse me sir
can I see your driver's license here you
go officer thank you
that's not you this is the guy on the
steering wheel oh he appears to be duct
taped to the steering wheel what what oh
I'm not going after him I am too tired
for this
what are you doing not going to jail
that's what I'm doing I gave him a fake
eye
McDonald's here we come no no McDonald's
take us home
our McDonald's you know I love my
nuggies dude guys we just ran from the
cops and we got away this is not my
first time running from it and we're
never gonna get caught yes we will
because they have Ken's driver's license
it's fake anyway dude yeah it's not even
real it is real another gonna come
looking for him Cody just shut up and
eat your Elemental Happy Meal I've never
even seen Elemental you guys want to go
watch it well if we're gonna go watch it
we have to go watch it now because it's
only in theaters what are you talking
about it means you can only watch it in
theaters and when it leaves theaters
they're gonna delete the file from
history dude they're never gonna release
it on DVD and they're never gonna put on
a streaming service that would be
ridiculous well no it's Pixar's plan see
they want people to run to the theaters
and watch it now and then they're going
to delete the file no no I think what
they mean is it's only in theaters for
now well then why doesn't it say only in
theaters for now why isn't it say only
in theaters for now DVD later streaming
later they can't fit all that on the box
it is plenty of space on that box dude
yeah they could have fit it right here
well look do you guys want to go see it
or not yeah let's go see it let's go
dude well guess what we can't because we
spent all of our money on McDonald's
well wait a minute wait we have Ken's
real name now so we can apply for our
credit card and Ken's name oh dude he's
perfect for this let's do it no no no no
we don't want to ruin Ken's credit he's
a perfect credit score well that means
we can get a higher credit limit and
also we can apply for loans in Ken's
name more money dude yes let's go apply
for a loans and get made no no no
all right Cody we got a credit card in
Ken's name in the 20 000 personal loan
with an 8.6 interest rate and it's a
balloon loan so the interest rate Rises
every year and they give us free
balloons but that's financially
irresponsible and you're not gonna get
any balloons well look who do we have a
credit card and twenty thousand dollars
all thanks to Ken's information guys
this is a crime because Ken Ken can't he
he can't he's well he's a doll no no
he's he's human it's just this is
identity theft because you can't take
out a loan in Ken's name well he told us
we could do it but he's cool with it
didn't no he didn't he was me the whole
time and he didn't say that well Cody
with this twenty thousand dollars we can
go see Elemental we could buy Elemental
dude yeah we could the whole theater
guys you're gonna have to pay that money
back eventually you can't have to pay
that money back but we should still
return the money look Cody no one's
going gonna stop us
the police might that who says that's
the police that might just be Pixar
asking us to go see Elemental Pixar's
not gonna go door to door asking you to
see their movie oh yes they are Cody
Pixar have you seen their last few
movies they're in their flop era hello
hey there I'm looking for a Ken Carson I
tried to pull him over earlier and he
sped off I've never seen that guy before
wait weren't you in the car with him
when he sped off oh yeah that guy he
kidnapped me and my friends and then he
dropped us off at McDonald's and then
went to Mexico what okay well would you
be willing to testify to that in court I
don't know maybe okay so you don't know
where he would be maybe Mexico but he's
definitely not on my couch upstairs okay
I'm gonna go check your couch well you
don't have a warrant so you can't come
in
um uh this house smells like weed so I'm
gonna have to come in because I have
probable cause it doesn't smell like
weed oh and also his his address is
right here on the driver's license and
that's your house so I'm coming in Cody
Cody you put my address as Ken's address
on his driver's license oh no I didn't
do that the DMV did that oh excuse me
anybody seen a Ken Carson
no oh you lying bastard he's right there
okay Mr Carson put your hands up thank
you now you're under arrest for fleeing
the police wait where did you kids get
all that money uh Lemonade Stand what
are you putting in the lemonade that you
get in that kind of money uh crack
you're putting crack in your lemonade
well no but people say it's so good it
might as well be cracked okay so they're
cracking the lemonade or not no okay
then where did you get the money okay so
look we found out that Ken has a
driver's license even though he's a doll
so he applied for a bunch of loans and
credit cards in his name because we
wanted money wait wait you applied for
loans and credit cards in his name
that's fraud well no he told us to do it
and he has no plans on paying it back so
we're gonna keep the money and he needs
to get in trouble yep yep you're
absolutely right that is his fault okay
Mr Carson you're under arrest come on
oh
[Music]
hold up I am
I am and today we'll be hearing the case
of Kenneth Carson Kenneth you have been
on quarter crimes really lately speeding
evading the police resisting
arrested bank fraud etc
etc Kenneth how do you explain yourself
you wipe that smug smile off your face
Mister you are showing No Remorse for
your actions oh sorry you're honor he
actually just got Botox in his face
that's why he can't stop smiling but
trust me he is very remorseful for the
actions he didn't do oh my name is
Kenneth I'm so remorseful for breaking
the law do I look remorseful no how do
you plead Kenneth
well
are you going to say something you have
to plead guilty not guilty my bad the
fifth something not guilty he said not
guilty your honor hmm interesting well
let me tell you where you're wrong and
why you are guilty because you handed
your driver's license to the police just
before you sped away in your car like
Fred Flintstone kicking his little feet
unless of course you're saying that
wasn't you driving the car oh please say
that I would love for you to say that
because then I could [ __ ] you every day
of the week and twice on Sunday so
please I dare you to say that no it
wasn't me driving the car oh I am so
glad you sent that because I have one
more piece of Evidence Officer guy show
him the body cam footage of you pulling
him over go ahead if everyone would look
at the screen please you can clearly see
Kenneth is driving the car he's even
duct taped to the steering wheel and
there are kids in the car so he's also
endangering children so you can probably
add some charges for that oh so close
but so [ __ ] guilty guilty guilty
you see you can't fake body cam footage
and that's clearly you driving the car
oh no I don't even have to ask you about
the bank fraud because if you would lie
about the car you'd obviously lie about
the bank fraud so once a liar always a
liar get there now usually I would give
you four years in prison but because you
lied to my face I am giving you 34 years
in prison that's right an extra 30 years
for lying I don't like liars take him
away bailiff don't like it 34 years
sorry kid he's coming with me yeah
what's wrong Cody did you get your
wiener stuck in your zipper again it
also can get 34 years in prison and it's
all because of you guys hold on hold on
is it really because of us do yeah at
some point Candace take responsibility
for his own actions well this is all
your idea no Ken was the one who got
duct taped in the steering wheel and
sped off and he was also the one to get
these loans on his name but you guys did
all that yeah and Kim could have stopped
us yep he has a voice unless he's a doll
dude no he's not at all he's just shy
see so Ken could have spoke up and he
chose not to God damn it Ken needs to
learn to stick up for himself yeah so me
and Joseph decided to split the 20 grand
10 000 each and we're gonna give you the
credit card I should get all of it
because this is all your fault and also
I need the money to pay for Ken's
commissary he's gonna need to buy a lot
of Preparation H for the ass pound he's
gonna take and Swiss Rolls again loves
his Swiss Rolls so how about you go
visit Ken in prison and find out if he
even needs the money okay he'll go see
if he's a top or a bottom all right
let's take the 20 grand and hide it
hey Ken how's prison your cellmate's not
going too rough on you Izzy Hey kid me
and you Ground Three tonight
your face on the ground
oh he's making you be the bottom lucky
oh Ken I just wish I could reach through
these bars and grab you it's not fair
it's just not fair
you escaped come on quick hey you owe me
round three guys they just broken out of
jail why would you do that Cody now
you're gonna get in trouble well he just
kind of fell through the bars and I just
grabbed him look hopefully nobody will
even notice he's missing okay and makes
lights out no more Weenies and butts at
least not with the lights on but officer
no butts or weenies in those butts I
can't put my weenie in the butt cause my
butt gone what happened to your butt hey
there wait you're telling me your
cellmate escaped where'd he go no I
gotta find him so guys what happened to
that twenty thousand dollars because we
should probably give it back to the bank
uh what happened well you see we gave
that twenty thousand dollars away well
there was these two blind kids going
door to door trying to raise money for
New Eyes yeah and it was ten thousand
dollars per eye yeah so we only had
twenty thousand so that means only one
kid got new eyes so we made them play
Rock Paper Scissors to see who got new
eyes how did they know who won well we
told them and it was a draw three times
in a row three times so they decided to
get one eye each you know an eye for an
eye that's not really relevant here but
okay yeah so we gave the twenty thousand
dollars so they both could get one eye
don't you think that's worth it well as
long as it went to a good cause you're
under arrest for helping a fugitive and
you're under arrest for being a fugitive
what's going on officer well Mr Cody
here help Mr Carson escape from jail so
now that both go into the slammer do I
at least get can't sell mate no you're
going to an all-woman's prison Junior
help me is there anything we can do
officer I don't know I'm just so pissed
off because my wife racked up twenty
thousand dollars a credit card debt so I
really need twenty thousand dollars I
would do just about anything for twenty
thousand dollars I'd probably let these
two go for twenty thousand dollars
dude do we give him the money no
we might have twenty thousand dollars
wait but what about the blind kids we
made it up but you made that up yeah
because me and Joseph wanted to buy a
soft serve ice cream machine bro
chocolate vanilla strawberry
Cosmopolitan Cody because it
Cosmopolitan guys help me
give him the money Joseph and here have
the money wow that's really nice of you
guys so I guess because you did that I
can let these two go well I have a
question for you so is this weird so Ken
was born in 1961 and he's dating a minor
okay well I can't just let that slide
get run
catch him if you can
[Music]