hey danad let's play headbands no Jeffy
I'm not going to put a headband on I'm
not in a gang no danad it's a game I
hold a word above my head and you give
me hints until I guess your word right
that could be fun let's try it all right
go ooh ooh you have one of these in your
nose right now boogers no it's yellow my
shirt what no you can draw with it poop
what no it has a pink tip my pee PE what
no you can break it my PE PE what no
Jeffy you can use it in school AR-15
extended mag no it's a pencil Jeffy oh
why didn't you just say
that who's at the door hold on Jeffy
stay here hello hey Marvin Goodman what
are you doing here well I came by to
tell you that I did one of those 23 in
me DNA tests and come to find out I have
a 99% chance of getting out of a
speeding ticket and a 1% chance of them
randomly searching my car you're 1%
black that's right n you can't say that
word yes I can I have the pass I've been
saying it all day I can't stop saying it
I was singing Nas and Paris in the car
on the way over here I think you have to
be a certain per block to say that word
Goodman wow Marvin after all my people
have been through we can't say one word
I guess I'll just take my reparations in
the form of your house payment I don't
have my house payment Goodman wow the
white man trying to bring a brother down
speaking of brother the DNA test also
said that I have a brother from another
mother you have a brother I sure do and
I invited him over to your house why my
house well because I'm rich and I want
to meet him and I don't want to invite
him to my house because then he's going
to see how Filthy Rich I am and then
he's going to try to mooch off me okay
so why would you invite him here I mean
he's eventually going to find out you're
rich anyway I know but I want him to
think I'm as normal as possible so what
I want you to do is is to create a nice
steak dinner tonight what normal people
don't eat steak dinners every night well
I'm not talking about filet minan Marvin
I'm talking about an Applebee sirloin
okay I'll ask Chef Pee if he can make
just regular steaks all right thanks
Marvin I'm coming
in God damn girl yeah throw it back like
that I like that Chef peee oh hey Marvin
you want to know what a good pasta sound
like yeah nice and wet but it's super
tight you know what I'm talking about
what are you even cooking oh I'm chicken
Alfred don't you know the Pentagon is
the most secure building in the United
States with cameras all around it but
only C four blurry frames of the plane
crashing with no impact to the wings on
911 yeah I know it's a super long name
but damn it's going to be delicious well
I was wondering if you can make us you
know like a fancy steak dinner tonight
come on you know who you talking to it's
your penis of course I can make a fancy
dinner you know what fancy is I'm a
fancy Chef I am fancy okay well can you
just make a steak dinner not too fancy
but just two steaks please well I can do
it I can do it go ahead leave it up pee
PE baby I got you okay oo Bon peties the
big fake ones man I really add did
myself this time this steak dinner looks
delicious where was the shrimp caught oh
the freezer section of Walmart duh and
where was the broccoli caught also the
freezer section of Walmart did you whack
off in my Caesar salad no that's the
ranch you silly Billy you didn't even
use the right dressing on my Caesar look
this is a chef PP certified meal
definitely going to give you diarrhea at
the end of it ask Marvin ain't that
right
Marvin oh that must be my brother at the
door Marvin I I'll answer no no no no no
you can't answer the door too fast poor
people answer the door fast because they
have nothing better to do and they don't
have a job like you rich people don't
answer the door at all because they have
their Butler do it because they're too
busy working so we can't answer the door
too fast and we can't answer the door
too slow we don't want to seem too rich
or too poor so we'll make him
wait he just rang the doorbell again
make him wait he's knocking make him
wait really hard make him wait
okay now hello hello you must be my
brother Mr Goodman I'm Mr hoodman Excuse
me for one second Marvin I didn't know
he was black you just found out today
you were 1% black well then he must be
the other 99% hello my name is Mr
Goodman I Am Lower middle class what do
you do for work oh I build Section 8
houses and sell it to the government for
a huge profit oh my portfolio is worth
like 4 billion Marvin he's Rich As [ __ ]
I I was just kidding about being lower
middle class I'm totally a billionaire
too are you sure why would you invite me
here well because I wanted to show you
that I too help out the poor this place
reeks of poverty I know it's Marvin's
house I don't live here I don't live on
this Farm thank God I didn't want my
brother to be poor yeah and you should
see the dinner he provided for us it's
Walmart shrimp ew poor and wild grown
Walmart broccoli e
poor laughs and high credit score come
on indubitably oh I'm sorry Mr hoodman
Please Don't Judge Me on this poor meal
I wouldn't even feed this to the
homeless me either chives dinner
time woof woof here you go boy dinner
time sir I must say that I hate that you
have me crawl around and act like a dog
this is an English short hair he's like
900 years old in dog years I think he's
also a little bit [ __ ] wow what a
nice Mone can I pet him no he bites but
when he shits on the floor I rub his
nose in it that's because you don't give
me a bathroom well you had a litter box
but you [ __ ] that up didn't you bud
well you didn't give me a scoop to clean
it out with you made me use my hands and
now where do you [ __ ] my hands good boy
now eat your Walmart shrimp and broccoli
oh it's going to give me the runs I feel
bad for your hands sir is there anything
else I can help you with yeah you can
get this shitty food out of my [ __ ]
face and bring me and my brother
something more appetizing your brother
yes that's my brother so take the food
and bring us something yummy oh very
well sir all right here you are sir
fried chicken from Kentucky and grape
Kool-Aid Jammers for your brother chares
you racist [ __ ] but but sir this is what
you usually tell me to get when we have
hush very well sir I'm so sorry Mr
hoodman chives was born in Alabama
during those times times I was born in
London spanking very well sir may I do
the honors oh please yeah go ahead you
Prejudice bastard how dare you bring me
KMC even though it's a delicious meal
now ches you go [ __ ] in your hand and
think about what you did but sir I don't
have to go mirx now the whole bottle yes
and I want you to cup in your hand and
bring it to me and show me what you did
very well sir
I'm so sorry Mr hoodman you need to
teach your butler better manners see my
butler El Salvador would never
disrespect me El Salvador yeah El
Salvador would you like to meet him sure
oh El Salvador bring your Mexican ass in
here right now fomos the the Explorer
you call for me Mr hubman smart you
hired your Gardener to also be your
butler so you didn't have to pay two
people I like it exactly I either pay
them in pesos or queso nine times out of
10 is queso I like it the queso and Che
and you know I have the female model of
this and she rides around in my
Lamborghini and gives me Road thanks oh
I need the female model speaking of the
Lamborghini I was thinking about buying
me one can I test drive yours sure
anything for my rich billionaire brother
here you go a thanks brother may I
Converse in Mexican with your help oh
definitely oh Salvador my brother wants
you to speak your native tongue orada
okay so what you want to talk about de
dond El Salvador no I from me a inota
but I was born in Arizona right so how
long have you been working for Mr
hoodman Mr hoodman picked me up from
Home Depot today and gave me like $100
to pretend to be his Gardener wait so
you don't really work for Mr hoodman no
we over here and on the way he say
something about him stealing your car
and sing it for scrap metal what the
[ __ ] hey are you going to finish this
chicken d d is
Sous so does that mean like no or no K
El poo I don't know your thing I don't
no run hos Marvin Marvin I've been
robbed help me who robbed you my brother
Mr hoodman what' he steal he stole my
Lamborghini and I should have known he
was going to steal my Lamborghini by the
color of
his suit because he had the exact same
suit as me and I know that the guy who
made my suit told me that he was only
going to sell those suits to me so that
means he stole the suit too and I also
should have known that he was going to
steal the Lamborghini because he asked
to borrow the Lamborghini ew borrowing
everyone who's rich knows that the first
thing you do when you get money is buy a
Lamborghini okay well how do you know he
stole it because he hired some guy from
Home Depot and that guy told me
everything okay well so if you really
think he stole it you need to call the
cops I'm going to call the cops
Marvin next time someone says don't
judge a book by their cover I'm going to
tell them they're full of [ __ ] because
the cover of the book tells you what the
whole [ __ ] book's about the title and
everything
hey there did somebody call the police I
did I'd like to report a theft okay what
was stolen my Lamborghini oh nice car
nice car can you give me a description
of the suspect yeah well he's black oh
yeah it's all coming together wait did
he have both his arms yes dispatch we
got a suspect armed and dangerous black
don't worry sir we're going to get your
car back but it may smell like marijuana
well just please give me my car back
please we'll do sir there's someone at
the door I'll get it uh Goodman it was
your brother oh him him that's the guy
all right you're under arrest for what
for stealing this man's Lamborgini and
making it smell like marijuana I would
never he let me borrow his car is this
true well yeah but El Salvador said that
he was going to steal my Lamborghini and
sell it for parts damn it that racist
Mexican he always tells jokes and makes
me look like I'm a bad guy where ice I'm
going to get his ass deported wait he's
an illegal get your ass over here
nothing no get your ass back over that
wall yeah
no wow Mr Goodman I can't believe you
actually would believe that I I was
steal your car well it's not my fault
rice and beans told me you were going to
steal my Lamborghini and sell it for
parts damn I can't believe you would
think that low of me I guess I'll see
you in a couple of years when you
actually mature no Mr hoodman no Marvin
hat help all right sir I have shut in my
hand good boy why would he [ __ ] in his
hand cuz he doesn't have a litter box
[Music]