foreign
[Music]
[Music]
damn it I broke the Pink Panther Diamond
that's so screwed wait a minute what's
this
not the real diamond well then where's
the real one
the real Pink Panther diamond
[Music]
finally I have the real Pink Panther
diamond
oh excuse me
[Music]
another night another crime what do you
got for me Susan The Pink Panther
Diamond has been stolen sir where was it
being stored inside this safe then I
guess it wasn't very safe very good as
always sir let's check it out
Jesus what's with the mess the diamond
was being guarded by bulletproof glass
sir well then how did it get broken the
thief use that hammer it's not Hammer
proof glass damn these criminals think
of everything indeed they do sir well
what was the guard doing he was found
sleeping outside well I hope he had a
good night's rest because I'm about to
make a good night's arrest man wait what
happened to that diamond it looked like
somebody had a smashing time that was a
decoy Diamond sir so he keeps the decoy
diamond right next to the real diamond
he's a Gambling Man well it looks like
the house won did you look for
fingerprints no sir not yet oh well you
should probably do that yeah probably
you smell that Susan it smells like a
fart smells like hamburgers you're right
it does smell like Annabelle Gales why
do you say Hamburger like that sir I
don't know I just never learned how to
say it right that's how I've always said
it repeat after me I would like to buy a
hamburger I would like to buy a ambal
gale okay okay let's try this say ham
ham say burger burger say Hamburger oh I
I can't do it Susan I just can't do it
I'm gonna say cheeseburger that sounds
good okay but we have a clue whoever
stole this diamond is somebody who likes
to eat ambul Gales and I haven't eaten
an Annabelle gal today I didn't have a
hamburger today either yeah so we just
have to find somebody who's recently
eaten an ambale Gale I'll go look for
somebody I'll get forensics down here
hey guy I bet you 50 bucks I can beat
you in your staring contest okay deal
Marvin fifty dollars is a lot of money
I'm a puppet I can't blink what does it
go
oh you blink Jeffy you blew in my face
well there's no rule against it so play
up
here Jeffy thank you
who's at the door
hello I'm against the law spread him let
me smell your butt what what is that
cabbage no no meatloaf hold on lasagna
and onions did you have lasagna and
onions for dinner yes damn I'm good I'm
like Toucan Sam I follow my nose why'd
you smell my butt I wanted to see if it
smelled like burgers why would my butt
smell like burgers because somebody
stole a diamond and the thief is
somebody who likes to eat ambal Gales
likes the what and Bale Gales hamburgers
yes that now did you have any ambal
Gales recently no I have not had a
hamburger recently good you're clean I
mean I wouldn't say clean you do have a
pretty stinky bottom I would maybe
invest in a bidet well can you just
leave is there anybody else here my wife
and kid I have to smell their butts too
don't you have a dog to do that my dog
sniffs out drugs not Asperger's get out
of my way all right everybody bend over
let me smell your butt excuse me oh good
a fresh one that'll make this even
easier I don't smell anything what are
you talking about I gotta see if your
ass smells like burgers I'm vegan I
don't eat burgers oh so you're clean
that's good but you you bring that ass
over here does your ass smell like
burgers I've been
Spectrum let me see oh God do you ever
wash that thing I don't believe in shop
and when I'm in the shower I just let
the water run between my butt cheeks
okay well it definitely doesn't smell
like burgers so none of you guys have
had any ambal Gales no we've not eating
any hamburgers recently damn okay I just
really wish I had a better clue than a
burger fart so what exactly happened
somebody stole the Pink Panther diamond
and it's worth a hundred million dollars
and all I know is that the person who
stole it likes ambal Gales well there's
a homeless guy outside who likes
hamburgers show me well he's a homeless
guy he wouldn't steal a pink panther
Diamond he has even more reason to steal
it because he's homeless and he needs
the money now I said show me damn it
okay okay here's the homeless guy hey
cheeseburger man he calls me
cheeseburger man because I gave him a
cheeseburger one time
cheeseburger man all right listen here
you stinky bum what'd you do with the
Pink Panther diamond
kitty cat here get it get it get it get
it get it meow okay not talking huh well
let me smell your butt oh God oh God it
smells like piss it smells like piss
cigarettes it's not him he didn't do it
let's go back to the couch okay well now
I don't know who could have stolen the
diamond well you said the diamond's
worth a hundred million dollars right
yeah so what's the robber planning on
doing with the diamond sell it well who
can he sell a stolen 100 million dollar
Diamond to no one has that kind of money
that's a good point he would have a
really hard time finding somebody to
sell that diamond to huh that gives me
an idea we should open up a we buy
diamond store yeah and then we can make
a commercial that says we'll buy any
diamond in
even if it's a hundred million dollars
and we won't tell the police or ask
questions that sounds a little too
convenient for the robber no it's
exactly what he'll be looking for come
on let's make a commercial he's not
gonna fall for it all right before we
make our commercial we should come up
with a name for our diamond store how
about the diamond store that's so lame
and unoriginal it should be something
new like diamond king yeah and then a
theme song can be like diamonds diamonds
diamonds diamonds we buy diamonds even
stolen ones we don't even tell the
police at DK diamonds your way diamond
king that's literally just Burger King
no it's not I just came up with that
just now we'll come up with a different
one okay how about like uh Arby's we buy
the diamonds you literally just copied
Arby's no how about how about this uh we
buy diamonds
that's like that Farmer's thing yeah I
don't actually know how do we just focus
on the actual commercial yeah yeah okay
I already wrote your script it's over
there on the teleprompter just read it
you just want me to read it yeah go okay
um right now yeah go ahead hey there do
you have a big stolen Diamond worth 100
million dollars well we want it because
we can buy it because we have the cash
all right I have the money right here
and there's more where this came from so
if you just come by we'll buy your
diamond and we won't even tell the
police no we won't I I'm dressed up like
a cop to show you who we won't tell we
hate cops I'm showing you what we hate I
I won't be here when you come to buy the
diamond I I won't he's not a cop I'm not
a cop so come bring us the Pink Panther
Diamond if you have it yes or any
Diamond worth all that much money
okay is that it yeah I think that was
good I think we're ready to put it on TV
I don't even think we have to do a
second take are you sure I feel like I
was pretty bad in this no you were great
dog come on let's go okay Marvin our
commercials airing so now all we have to
do is sit back pop open a few brewskis
and wait for that diamond Thief to come
to us wait you used our address for the
diamond store
yeah of course I did because now the
diamond Thief can just come straight
here and we don't even have to do any
work oh my God Marvin our first customer
okay show them our holiday catalog tell
me gets 25 off on all earrings and
birthstones and tell them that white
gold is in the season yellow gold is so
last year and see what kind of car he
drove in with and if it's nice push the
Opals and also tell them that we offer
financing what oh never mind it's
probably the diamond Thief just just
answer the door and then when he shows
you the Pink Panther Diamond I'll pop
out and arrest them you do know what the
Pink Panther Diamond looks like right
it's big and pink and a boy come on
let's go get him hello hi is this the
diamond store yes it is is there a
diamond you would like to sell yes I
want to
I'm gonna have to ask my manager if we
accept wedding rings oh manager gotcha
Thief let me smell your butt what are
you doing here Karen what the hell are
you doing here I'm here to sell my
wedding ring pointy because you don't
wear yours
I told you what happened to my Karen he
got swallowed by a rattlesnake I don't
believe you Boyne what do you want me to
try to go around and open every
rattlesnake's mouth looking for it it
could bite me I could die you want me to
die Karen no Courtney but I think you're
a liar I've never lied a day in my life
that's a lie right there boy knee here
just get the hell out of here we're
doing Official Police business nobody I
want to sell my sell migraine well how
much do you want for it I want a brand
new cake pan set for the kitchen Morgan
do you have cake pans no I don't
Marvin let's just go upstairs okay hey
hey are you guys still open What's the
Hamburglar doing here what the hell are
you doing here ambulance
guys buy diamonds we don't want to buy
any stupid and mail games you stupid
idiot and bail that we don't buy ambal
Gales and we don't sell ambal Gales I
have a diamond I want to sell I don't
want to buy you stupid and bailing
stupid idiot stupid idiot handbells
100 million dollar thing you know forget
it Marvin can you believe that stupid
ambiently I was trying to sell us an
ambale Gale who was at the door Marvin
the anvale who the Hamburglar you've got
to learn how to say Hamburger right I
can't I've been trying since I was a kid
well try this hamburger and Bill Gale
hamburger and bail Gail hamburger
oh okay that's it shut up listen it is
hamburger and Al Gail sir sir the
fingerprints results came in well who
was it who stole the Pink Panther
Diamond it's a
whale but he was just here trying to
sell us an amber
and be like here now
I have an idea Marvin we have to make
another commercial to get him to come
back here hey there do you have a stolen
Pink Panther Diamond you would like to
sell for a hundred million dollars cash
and are you the ambale because if so
please come back I'm sorry I called you
an idiot yes please Hamburglar come back
we have a bunch of hamburgers for you
look at all of these ambale Gales that
we have for you and we also have a lot
of money for you to take come back
please all right Marvin he's gonna see
that commercial and come running back
there he is Marvin off of the catalog 25
off hello I changed my mind I'll take 50
bucks
hey there oh hey Mr and bear glio you
saw a commercial didn't you oh yeah I
came back to sell my diamond Now where's
the cash oh the money's upstairs just
follow us all right all right here's
your cash yeah I don't see any money oh
we don't actually have cash so we're
gonna have to pay you an ambal Gales I
could buy a lot of hamburgers with a
hundred million dollars but you're the
ambul Gale don't you want an ambul Gail
do they have cheese no they're not
cheeseburgers they're ambal Gales well
then I'm just gonna have to go wait wait
wait we do we actually do have cash but
first I want to inspect this diamond
look Marvin it's the Pink Panther
Diamond that's really cool interesting
wow that's a really nice Cape you mind
if I look at it oh yeah yeah oh this is
a really great Cape what's it made of
you're under arrest hey you hey use a
commercial you weren't
enough shut the hell up Karen and Morris
in the ambulance
yes Karen those are ambul gales
you can have an anvil gal oh my God
please just take
take shut up and all my wife's enjoying
an animal game thanks for helping me
catch the amblegale Marvin help yourself
to an ambul Gail come on ambul Gail
let's go to jail no I am no glass for
you
[Music]
thank you
[Music]