guys it's summer vacation wo what are we
going to do all summer well it's a nice
day outside let's go swimming oh hell
yeah let me get ready oh dude I can't
wait to go swimming Joseph can you even
swim why would you ask a question like
that huh huh is it cuz I'm black well I
just I hey guys I'm ready to go swimming
check out my summer b w Cody you're
ripped yeah it's because I've been doing
an extra 200 sit-ups every morning it's
easy when Ken bends over in front of my
face gives me something to work for I
wish my body look like that well take
your shirts off let me see your abs but
we don't have ABS of course not it's not
easy being a brick wall built [ __ ] like
I am so guys where are we going to go
swimming at oh dude let's go to the
river wait aren't there snakes in the
river dude one time I went to the river
and then the leash went up my pee hole
and I peed blood yeah we're not swimming
in a river does anyone else have a place
we can swim at I wish I had a pool oh I
know a guy with a pool I sneak in it all
the time are there leeches in his pool
no it's clean so let's go swimming in
his pool but what if we get caught oh
he's never there dude yeah let's go
swimming at that guy's house come on
guys all right guys the coach is clear
let's
go come on guys get in the pool okay I'm
about to man this pool is so cool Joseph
do you know who owns it no dude I never
seen the guy hey what are you hot little
kids doing in my pool what Mr W go run
no no come back you can use it oh damn I
came on too
strong what's wrong Marvin it's summer
vacation and I know jeffy's going to
annoy me for the next 2 months H what we
need is something for Jeffy to do
outside to distract him all summer like
a basketball goal no Marvin like a pool
baby pools are expensive yeah Marvin but
do you want Jeffy to annoy you inside or
be outside all summer long so we can be
alone together for the summer H that is
a good point oh man the thought of
spending money is making my stomach hurt
look you call a pool company and get a
quote I got to use the bathroom
okay hey there thanks for calling
Brooklyn guys handyman services I can do
literally anything except pay child
support that's a little joke in case my
ex-wife calls you're not my ex-wife are
you no I'm not okay good so how can I
help you well my husband needs you to do
something for us okay what is it he
needs you to uh oh oh I'm having a
blonde moment I can't think of it okay
well just describe it it's uh we need
you to fill a deep wet hole with
liquid okay it's one of those kind of
calls wait and you said your husband
wants my help with this yes he wants you
to do it oh I get it he likes to watch
okay I mean he will watch if you don't
take too long oh believe me it won't
take long at all oh so you're quick I'm
a little too quick I'm Speedy Gonzalez
over here oh that's great really where
have you been all my life luy man H I'm
trying to think of it it starts with a P
I can tell you what it is oh no don't
tell me it'll come to me it'll come to
me uh it will people get in it yeah and
I hope to be one of them people uh
multiple people at once oh Jesus H
Christ I like how many people we talking
oh a whole party a whole party oh my God
this has happened no we want it to
happen Okay I I got some buddies I can
invite them over yeah let's do this I'm
still trying to think of it um a snorkel
could come in handy oh you bet your ass
it will I'm going to be down there for a
while I'm going to have to breathe uh
you need lots of towels oh damn yeah I
will it can be slippery oh I hope it is
some people drown in it oh yeah why do
you think I need the snorkel other
people use toys yeah yeah my wife's into
that honestly it just makes me feel like
less of a man some people peeing it oh
okay well I don't really know how I feel
about that I mean I guess I'll try
anything once but I got a nervous
bladder so oh oh it's a pool it's a
swimming pool I'm sorry what it's a
swimming pool we need you to build us a
swimming pool for the summer oh God I am
a sick bastard of of course it's a pool
you said snorkel oh yeah okay I I'll be
right over actually you know what it
won't be me that comes over it'll be
somebody who who sounds like me and
looks like me but you can't see me that
doesn't matter look when the guy gets
there just don't even talk about it okay
let's forget this happened oh okay okay
I'll be right I mean he'll be right over
okay hey morvin what you just wait
outside the bathroom yeah I came to get
your house payment oh my my house
payment uh I I I don't have it shocker
look I need to ask your permission for
something is there any way that I could
possibly get a swimming pool huh you
can't even afford your house payment why
would I approve you for a swimming pool
well you see my son would love to swim
in it yeah and I would love to swim in
your house payment but I never get it
well listen listen is there anything I
can do I just really want to buy a
swimming pool for the house H now if I
let you get a swimming pool and you pay
for it and then when you default on your
house payment then I can come and take
your house and sell it for more money so
on second thought yeah you can get a
pool oh thank you so much but there are
a few rules so come with me so I can
explain them to you okay so what are the
rules you're only allowed to have a
small boring pool in your backyard the
homeowners association hates fun so your
pool can only be 5 ft by 5 ft okay
absolutely no slides if I see a slide
going into your pool you're done well
what about a small slide no slides okay
okay I got it no slides no there will
not be a single slide okay okay Marvin
what took you so long Goodman was
waiting for me outside the bathroom oh
what did he want he wanted our house
payment but he did say we can get a pool
oh that's awesome Marvin yeah did you
call the Pool Company I did he seemed
really excited well that's good hey I'm
not the guy that was on the phone that
guy's weird oh you sound just like him
yeah yeah we get that a lot but I'm not
him that guy's a creep and I'm not him
did she fill you in on the phone well I
was hoping it was going to be the other
way around but yeah she told me so you
can build a pool oh oh boy can I build a
pool I I I build pools in my sleep yeah
so when's the last pool you built uh yes
yesterday yes I made a pool yesterday
can we see a picture of it no that that
was a a secret pool for the CIA the CIA
secret pool so have you built other
pools in the past can we see pictures of
those no no I I've only Built secret CIA
pools so I can't take any pictures they
they actually would have me killed just
for talking about it whoa whoa did you
see that bullet that quiet bullet that
just went over that was them trying to
kill me for talking about all their
pools so the CIA just has has a bunch of
pools yeah yeah they love their pools
almost as much as they love how secret
they are so so we're going to be your
first civilian pool yeah my first
non-secret pool that that'll be cool I'm
used to building pools next to aliens
and and nukes and stuff so okay anyway
we these are things we need the pool has
to be 5 ft by 5 ft and no slides oh well
that's easy cuz I don't even know how to
make a slide okay and the pool has to be
in the backyard okay oh oh really cuz
I'm used to building pools like in
secret underground bunkers you know so
this will be different so I'm going to
show you my backyard come on okay this
is the backyard oh yeah this is the
perfect place to build a pool I I would
totally build a pool here if I could but
you said you could I can I can build a
pool so that's that's what I'm going to
do well then start um okay I guess I'd
start by uh digging a hole Yeah dig a
hole digging a hole Yeah I'm going to do
that so um just uh you go um I I I don't
want to do it while you're watching I I
can't do it when people are watching
okay okay I'm going to call somebody who
knows how to build a pool okay here's
your pool Jesus wow that that is one
hell of a pool man that is that is just
out standing work I don't know how you
people do it I I mean people who make
pools I don't know how people who make
pools do it I I don't get it that's
mind-blowing to me okay can I get paid
oh well see I can't really pay you until
the guy that hired me to build this pool
pays me see I'm lying and a guy hired me
to make a pool but I don't know how so I
hired you to make the pool and so now I
need that guy to pay me okay it's going
to be $400,000 what Jesus 400,000 I
didn't sign up for that hell I don't
even think he signed up for that well if
you don't pay me then I'm going to kill
you and bury you with the shovel okay
yes sir amigo oh oh man okay I'm done
with the pool already he did say he was
quick well no no no that was that was
the guy on the phone I I didn't say that
I'm not I'm not him but yes I don't last
long either so the pool's done yeah come
on but uh walk backwards I want it to be
a surprise okay all right turn around
what look how big this pool is what
happened to 5 ft by 5T oh that's kind of
hard to translate into Spanish what
nothing look at that big slide a slide I
said no slide oh yeah you did say that
didn't you oh I'm sorry it must have
slipped my mind when I thought about how
badass it would be I mean look at that
look at that thing it's cool it's fun I
know it's cool and fun but the
homeowners association said no slide
[ __ ] them what do they know what are
they allergic to fun they got to be like
65 what do they do on the weekend
croquet they're too old for fun look at
these palm trees they scream youth
listen the slides got to go cuz they're
going to be mad okay well if they have a
problem with it tell them to come talk
to me cuz I have something long and wet
they can suck on that slide okay listen
the slide's got to go okay man listen
how about you just pay me and then we'll
talk about the slide after okay how much
is like $220,000 uh like $800,000
$800,000 I didn't agree to that yeah
well I didn't either but look how cool
this pool is I do not have $800,000 to
pay for this dumb pool okay well I guess
I'm just going to have to fill it in
with dirt then fill it in with dirt
because I can't pay for it okay listen
man I got a problem um can I talk to you
inside why can't we just talk out here
cuz I I don't know if he's listening
come on who in here in here what's going
on okay look man I'm going to be honest
I didn't build that pool out there
there's no way in hell I could build a
pool that nice then who built it I don't
know some guy I found well let me talk
to him I'll pay him well see that's the
problem he wants $800,000 well let me
talk to him I'll tell him we don't have
that money see I told him that and he
said he'd kill me if I didn't pay him
all I Gringo oh God please don't cut my
head off do you have my 400,000 pesos
what pesos 400,000 you said it was
800,000 well yeah I was trying to get my
cut cut for what well for finding him he
made a really nice pool I was the
middleman that's got to be worth
something how many dollars is $ 400,000
pesos about $2,000 oh okay great so just
pay us $40,000 I can still get my cut
get out of here okay uh baby can you Gra
the plot convenient money that we don't
tell your good man about okay Marvin
here you
go much gracias now we have a pool and
it's paid
for Joseph how did you not know Mr
wiggle owned that pool dude I never see
him look there's a sign that says skinny
to been the pool so I always skinny di
there plus there's cameras pointed
towards the pool but he never comes
outside cuz he's probably watching the
cameras that's so gross now where are we
going to go swimming guys we can go swim
at a community pool ew no Junior that's
gross people pee in public pools you
know what actually yeah let's do it hey
guys when did we get a swimming pool in
your backyard we don't have a swimming
pool what are you talking what guys
there's a pool guys guys there's a swim
pool in the backyard what Junior pools
don't just come out of nowhere well this
one did come on let's go we do have a
pool now oh dude it's so [ __ ] wa Junior
how did you just magically get a pool
maybe Santa Claus brought it well Santa
Claus can't bring a pool yes he can he's
magic he can't fit 30,000 gallons of
water in a bag maybe he has 30,000 bags
in his sleigh his sleigh is not big
enough maybe has like a limousine slay
you got a new one Junior stop it you're
just not in the Christmas spirit Cody
well no cuz it's June you're is my name
all right guys last one in the pool is a
big fat ugly mom and is a cow Cody you
know what actually first person in the
pool doesn't like big fat wieners well
okay I can't get in the pool now that'd
be a lie all right last one the the fat
mom oh man guys I could float in this
pool all day oh guys I can't yeah this
pool's really nice yeah this is awesome
dude wait why did you guys get in the
fully clothed cuz we're not comfortable
with our bodies Cody yeah Cody we don't
have six-pack abs like you yeah I kind
of know how you feel I left my shoes on
why'd you leave your shoes on well cuz I
have bowling people feet what's bowling
people feet well I swear my toes are all
crooked like I've been wearing bowling
shoes oo I like feet we know hey guys is
that a slide oh guys we should go down
it o I bet you won't go down it naked no
but I'll go down it fully clothed oh all
right guys I'm going to go down the
slide here I go
[Music]
a you guys see me oh sorry Junior we
weren't watching we were trying to see
who could hold their breath the longest
and jeffy's winning yeah he's had his
face underwat for over 2 minutes go
Jeffy go okay baby I'm going to go get
Jeffy and show him the new pool okay
Marvin hey Marvin ask me why I'm pissed
why are you pissed come with
me what the hell is that oh this is my
pool you told me I can get a pool yeah
no I'll address that in a minute I'm
talking about what the hell is that oh
those are twirly stairs you climb up
them and what's connected to the twirly
stairs a twirly slide and what did I say
about the slide well doesn't it look
cool though it's going to look real cool
being torn the [ __ ] down don't make me
tear it down tear it down no no the kids
are going to love it and it looks so
nice right I'll tear it down don't no no
no pleas please don't tear it down I
told you no slides the homeowners
association does not like fun well well
I tell them I got something they can
suck on excuse me they can suck on this
big long wet slide I'm going to hit you
with this oh okay listen we'll get rid
of the slide okay we'll get rid of it
all right well let's go inside and talk
about how your pool is not 5 ft by 5 ft
okay yeah it is all right Marvin pull
this
okay keep going keep going and stop that
right there is 5 ft and if your p's
bigger than 5T just by an eighth of an
inch I'm going to bite your areola oh
okay all right the tape measures at 5 ft
and look it's the length of the pool
we're good let's put it down shall we
looks like it's longer than 5T [ __ ]
it's a little longer than 5T uh-huh get
your bald ass inside I'm going to deal
with you Jeffy what are you doing in the
pool get out M Marvin I don't know what
I'm going to do with you you just don't
listen it's like you're 5 years old I
tell you to build a pool 5 ft by 5 ft
and you put an Olympic Siz pool in your
backyard I tell you absolutely no slide
and you put a big McDonald's ball pit
slide back there well listen I tried to
follow the rules tried well try harder
next time Mar Marin okay listen can I
keep the pool you can keep the pool but
that slide that slide's got to go you
know what bend over why you're getting a
spanking I don't I don't want to spank
I'm a grown man I don't care you've been
a bad boy bend over ow that was my back
I don't care get over it but what you're
going to do right now is you're going to
go take a hammer and you're going to
hammer that slide down right now so I
can't keep the slide at all no slide for
you you can keep the pool but no slide
okay this is a real problem they really
won't let Logan keep that slide so he's
got to get rid of it
[Music]