I'll tell you what was that it's my
favorite toy he shoots balls don't shoot
me with that again okay oh my God my
balls Morgan are you okay he shot me in
the nuts baby Jeffy if you do that again
you're grounded okay I understand
that really worked see Marvin a little
gentle parenting is all it takes you
don't have to yell all the time I guess
you're right
my name's Harold Jeffy you're still
grounded well you didn't even give
Harold a chance you told Jeffy not dead
you would to Beaver toy anymore Jeffy I
don't care who what what the skies are
wearing you're grounded no matter what I
don't know who this Jeffy character is
who's that stay right here Harold hello
hey Marvin uh Goodman I don't have my
house payment this month I figured you
didn't but I'm not here to take
something from you I'm here to give you
something what are you gonna give me see
these Marvin these are two free tickets
to the Super Bowl you're gonna give me
two tickets to the Super Bowl why well
because when I bought them I didn't see
what seats they were but I later found
out that their Row one end zone is
poor seating so I spent two million
dollars so I could sit next to Patrick
Mahomes during the Super Bowl so you're
just gonna give me those tickets yeah
Marvin here take them for free yep for
free come on okay what's the catch there
is no catch you just gotta find your own
way to the Super Bowl well it's tomorrow
how am I gonna get to Arizona we're in
Florida start walking I don't know find
can I fly on the jet
tickets to the Super Bowl that's
exciting why you said he didn't want him
anymore so he just gave them to me oh
well who's playing if the Chiefs and the
Eagles oh I love the Kentucky chiefs
it's the Kansas City Chiefs yeah the
Kansas City queefs get it right Mommy so
you're gonna go with me I don't know
Marvin I don't know a lot about sports
ball is that the one with the home runs
or the basket Grand Slams oh LeBron
James Sprite cranberry yeah maybe you
shouldn't go can Harold go no Jeffy I
think the Super Bowl is going to be over
stimulating to you well the Hub
overstimulates me
it's me produce
my pants all right Jeffy just just go do
something else go play with a toy or
something well I have to take a dump
anyway well Jeffy make sure you put on
your pants before you take the dump who
are you gonna ask to go with you Marvin
I don't know I don't know anyone who
wants to go to the Super Bowl oh my bibs
did I hit it you got two tickets to the
Super smile yes I have two tickets to
the Super Bowl who can I go well are you
even really a Chiefs fan yeah name one
player well what did that dude
and then they got applied it was
underwear and then they got Patty my
homeboy well I need to think about who
I'm taking I'll let you know if I'm
gonna take you or not okay
go well I'm sitting here until you
decide if I can goes or not I need to
think about it Dougie just just give me
a few hours let's go go over there well
look I can't be the quarterback Patty my
homeboy blue for the tubes
you ain't catch it a donkey just go away
and I will let you know if I'm taking
you or not okay Marvin Jeffy keeps
flushing the toilet over and over again
oh no hopefully he didn't unclog it
Jeffy you better not acquired the toilet
don't get mad I'm trying to fix it Jeffy
what are you doing well I pooped in the
toilet and the poop go in the toilet and
then it started overflowing so I put a
lot of toilet paper in there to try to
check up on the water but it keeps
getting stuck you're happy you're
clogging the door even more well I can't
win so I'm just gonna cry
[Applause]
I'll just call a plumber I'll call a
plumber
oh God baby Jeffy just clogged the
toilet I'm so mad oh Marvin he didn't do
it on purpose oh he did it on purpose
you didn't see it I just caught a
plumber anything is somebody called a
plumber oh yes I did call you there's a
huge clog toilet in there I'm talking
big stinky clogged and shitty great
great that's exactly what I love to hear
oh man I sure love my job I love to just
dig through other people's [ __ ] because
that's what I do for a living you know I
don't really have a whole lot in life to
look forward to even the Super Bowl
sucks this year I hate both teams I wish
they'd both lose God I missed Tom Brady
oh you hate both teams yeah I hate them
because I have two tickets to the Super
Bowl and I don't really know who I was
gonna take and I thought maybe I could
take you said you had two tickets to the
Super Bowl because I'm a big Chiefs guy
I love the Chiefs go Chiefs you just
said you hated both teams no no I didn't
say that I said I hated the Eagles
because I love the Chiefs why do you
hate the Eagles because they beat Tom
Brady but but not the Chiefs I love the
Chiefs go Chiefs what's going on okay
listen man I just unclogged a toilet at
this really hot chicks house and she's a
big Chiefs fan and she said she would do
literally anything to go to the Super
Bowl so I'm thinking if you give me the
those tickets I can take her to the
Super Bowl and if she can get nasty
aren't you married aren't you supposed
to be minding your own business well
listen I was only going to give away one
ticket because I was gonna go oh come on
man you don't you don't need to go I
need to go I need to go with her Marvin
what about Dougie yeah I have this other
friend that wants to go but who even is
Doug come on man we've been friends for
years I'm your doctor I'm about to
unclog your toilet Marvin I think the
only fair thing to do is to have a
competition you're right I could have a
competition and whoever wins gets the
tickets doggy get in here oh my bibs did
you decide if I can go through the super
smile I decided we're gonna have a
competition and the winner gets the
ticket and I'll stay back and watch it
at home with rose
um I got an idea come on all right guys
here's the competition jeffy's gonna
shoot these Nerf rockets at you and
whoever catches the most Rockets wins
the tickets we're gonna do it one at a
time so Brook and guy you're going first
oh I got this I'm definitely gonna win I
can catch anything right here okay Jeffy
shoot the first rocket
okay all right I didn't think it was
gonna go that fast okay this next one I
got it I got it oh that was so close
Okay you only have two more chances
Jeffy shoot the next one
boom Oh you said Nerf makes that thing
it's going like a thousand miles an hour
oh you only have one more chance
Brooklyn guy you gotta at least catch
one all right Jeffy shoot it hey I got
it I got it all right Brooklyn guy
that's one catch for you okay Dougie if
you can catch more than one you win good
luck try to beat one all right Dougie
here's your first one
that was so really fast oh my God he
almost caught that I can't risk him
getting those tickets hold on this laser
pointer [ __ ] held ooh here's the second
one
enough is there was something in my eye
it worked oh no my laser pointer died
all right Dougie if you don't catch this
one broken guy wins the tickets
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
broken God you're the winner you suck
too bad the fan was on or else you could
have caught that all right give me those
tickets give me well you did win them
fair and square yeah that's right I did
I definitely did not cheat which is what
I'm gonna do with my wife um Marvin I've
been thinking I kind of want to go to
the Super Bowl but no no you shut up you
had your chance but I want to see the
Kentucky chiefs she doesn't even know
the name of the damn team you give me
these you're gonna be really happy when
you see me at the Super bowl next to the
girl with a big fat anus and I know it's
fat because I've seen her shits thank
you
well baby we should probably go to sleep
the Super Bowl's tomorrow yeah it's
going to be a big day yeah and you got
the snacks ready for tomorrow right yes
all the snacks all right let's go whoa
It's Super Bowl time go Kentucky
Kansas City baby look Marvin I got us a
whole bunch of healthy snacks we have
fruit and we have Cheez-Its and we have
chewy granola baby where's the hot wings
and the Doritos Marvin you need to lay
off the junk food
hold on my phone's ringing it's broken
guy calling he's probably calling to
brag about his tickets hello hey man uh
emergency what's wrong well you remember
those tickets you gave me you didn't
lose them did you no they're not
but I can't even get into because I
don't have a ticket well no no no those
are tickets they're Row one end zone
listen dumbass I tried to get in with
those and they told me it was a
Hospitality thing and I can't get in
without a ticket because I need a ticket
well I gave you what I gave you well I
don't know what to do man I'm at the
stadium I'm here the girl wants to know
what's going on and I'm like oh this
happens all the time it's just you know
rich people problems but there's no way
she's gonna be a knob Goblin if we don't
get into this game oh listen the game
starts in a few hours just try to buy
tickets buy tickets if I can afford
tickets I wouldn't need your tickets I
don't know what to do man I need two
tickets dog well I can't afford tickets
either I gave you what I got uh okay
okay uh I I need your help to lie uh
what's that Mr President you need me to
not go to the Super Bowl because you
need to meet me so you can give me 10
trillion dollars okay right away sir oh
sorry babe I have to go see the
president I'll be right back okay I
think she bought it oh okay what's wrong
Marvin those tickets that Goodman gave
me they weren't tickets they don't they
don't work really good thing we didn't
go yeah yeah I feel bad for Brooklyn guy
though he went all the way out there hey
I'm there how'd you get back so fast it
went non-stop flights well the game
starts in five minutes good thing you
made it yeah great I want to show you
something see right there where it says
game ticket required for entry to
hospitality and Stadium yeah no ticket
well where's the girl oh I left her in
Phoenix she's still waiting for me to
come back which I am not going to do
well you want to watch the game here
yeah sure do you want a snack what do
you got we have some Cheez-Its oh hell
yeah I want some Cheez-Its give me that
snack mix die you die who the hell puts
pretzels and Cheez-Its God this is the
worst day of my life what do you think's
gonna win the Super Bowl I don't care
Kentucky yeah [ __ ] it you know what go
Kentucky oh everyone shh the commercials
are starting
what
I'm off
my dinner
oh no he's home
what
did you burn dinner again I I'm sorry
I'm learning we're in this
very good
you feel better now yeah I don't want to
hit you anymore and Snickers made me
feel better you're not you when you're
hungry snake is really satisfies man I
bet my wife wishes I had a Snickers
sometimes I get like that after work
[Music]
oh the game's starting all right score
predictions who's gonna win Kentucky by
30. but what's the score prediction
30 to 17 Kentucky I think the Eagles are
going to win 28-24. I hope everyone just
has fun oh coin toss predictions heads
or tails I don't give a [ __ ] heads or
tails Tails I just want to know the year
of the quarter oh what color Gatorade
are they gonna pour on the winning team
yellow I hope it's Gatorade zero how
would we even know that huh
[Music]
thank you