[Music]
what are you doing Cody I'm practicing
for when I beat Mikey up today you're
really going to beat up a 5-year-old in
kindergarten yeah he's not going to be
such a bad kid once I kick his ass see
that's what kids need these days good
old ass whooping open up a can of whoop
ass your glove fell off Cody I know I'll
get it okay well I just think it's weird
that you're 16 years old and you're
going to beat up a 5-year-old dude he's
four remember oh yeah you're four years
old yeah he's actually older than me so
so it's fine if I kick his ass it's
fine bear bear telescope t
I got a big purple crown cuz I look
purple I'm playing with my stickers I
got stickers on my face give me your
stickers no they're my
stickers red and blue plane you're ready
to take off hey Mikey hey don't touch my
airport I don't want to touch your
shitty airport actually that's a pretty
sick airport yeah I got four different
color ples red blue green and yellow
yeah those are four colors yeah so don't
touch my airport it's been very busy
today there's been a lot of delays well
there's about to be a lot more delays
why how are they going to fly without a
control T hey yeah that's what happens
Mikey that's what happens hey don't do
that yeah you [ __ ] with
the Mrs Patrick Cody's destroying my
airut Mikey Cody stop it did you give
your parents the notes I wrote for them
uh yeah my mom was very upset with my
behavior you know my dad got the note
you wrote Because you got in his car
again last night shut up Mikey but you
did he gave you 50 bucks what were you
feeling Mikey shut up or you're going in
time out Mikey you are making me feel
very angry which brings me to today's
lesson class today is feelings Friday
and we're going to talk about our
feelings sometimes you can feel mad like
I am at Mikey right now sometimes you
can feel sick like I was this morning
I've been throwing up a lot for some
reason but sometimes you can also feel
in love you're in love with my dad you
know he doesn't love you right that's
why he hits you he doesn't love me
either cuz he hits me too Mikey you're
making me feel sad and I would like to
feel happy for once oh oh I feel like
I'm going to throw up
again all right class today we're going
to go around one by one and talk about
how we feel
today darl you first
thereare
thereare very good Daryl class I think
Daryl's feeling happy today I'm feeling
very sick Alex how about you go
next well I uh I'm feeling pretty
purple Alex purple isn't a feeling yes
it is okay Cody how about you tell us
how you're feeling today
well how am I feeling well I'm feeling
pretty mad at Mikey I want to beat his
ass but I really want to do a Dragon
City at first can I please be excused
yes Cody but hurry up thanks teach it'll
only be a minute hey Dragon Masters
we're back with another video sponsored
by Dragon City and this time we have a
very exciting announcement for all SML
fans Dragon City has added a free
exclusive SML decoration now available
in game that's right your very own piece
of the SML Universe just waiting to be
planted right in the heart of your
dragon Empire there's so much to do in
this game Dragon City is a whole Kingdom
of over 1,000 unique dragons waiting for
you to collect hatch and evolve them
from fire breathing Giants all the way
to Mystical Creatures inspired by some
of your favorite Youtubers with over 450
million installs joining this adventure
means being part of a growing Community
where you can team up in alliances and
unlock exclusive rewards together or you
can head into PVP battles to prove your
strength and climb the leaderboard it's
a world where every Dragon Master plays
a part in a larger story so if you're
not part of this Dragon Dynasty yet
now's the perfect time click the link in
the description or scan the QR to jump
in you'll get the exclusive SML
decoration for your City Plus 15,000
food 30,000 gold and the Epic o Dragon
to Kickstart your journey but hurry it's
a limited time offer so grab it while
you can and we'll see you in game okay
I'm
back that was very nice Cody now kids
I'm going to go to the bathroom and take
a test you guys play your games and try
to think about how you're feeling wow
Mrs Fitzpatrick is really sick sick she
must have coties for my dad yeah I think
she's taking a pregnancy test what's
that it's the thing that you put under
your tongue and it tells you how hot you
are that's a thermometer Freddy but now
that the teacher's out of the room I'm
going to kick your ass Mikey why because
you got us in trouble and the teacher
wrote a note home to my mom but guess
what Mikey I didn't give my mom that
note I'm going to tell Miss Fitzpatrick
well how are you going to tell her
anything with a broken lip
what yeah that's right stay down Mikey
you [ __ ] yeah does anybody else want
some who Do You Think You Are I
Am yeah I wanted to go just like that
hey Mikey I'm going to kick your ass
what yeah how you like that ow ow oh God
he's B my ear he's F my Freddy get him
the [ __ ] off me oh God it hurts it hurts
somebody help
me he bit my [ __ ] ear off all right
class I have to wait 15 minutes to see
if this test is negative which hopefully
it is oh my God Cody what's your off
Cody Cody what's wrong Mikey bit my ear
off Mikey Gerard Tyson you do not bite
people's ears off wait Tyson his name is
Mikey Tyson and he bit my ear off like
Mike Tyson I'm calling the principal
right now wait where's my ear has
anybody see my ear it's right over here
quick put it on ice all right everybody
shut up it's me your principal Mr
Stein and your teacher right here Mrs
fckpatrick oo yeah she told told me
there was a little bit of a tussle in
here over there over there
okay okay I heard you to have a problem
with fighting in class he bit my ear off
well look rub some dirt in it this is
kindergarten life gets a lot harder than
this he he pushed me in the face first
look I'll punch the both of you in the
face if Miss thinks Patrick over there
tell me about you two fighting that
class again okay you got
me yes sir okay okay and I'm going to
keep your ear why because I like it it
it's cool let me address the class all
right everybody shut up Mrs fatrick over
here walks in my class every single day
and tells me this oh my class is
horrible my students are from Hell who
bir these demons if I had a time machine
I would go back in time and murder every
single parent so they couldn't even
reproduce these are the things I hear
man and Mrs thck Patrick she got a ass
on
her man talk about a wagon and that ass
is draggon this should be legal in all
50 states honestly even in
Canada but that's besides the point look
if you little hell spawns make another
Ruckus in this class do anything fight
break something I don't care I swear to
God there will be a mass murder I mean
someone be someone will be expelled a
lot of people will be expelled my bad
about that so uh how's my son darl well
he loves his bear bear bear bear bear
bear can we try to get him to learn a
different animal well he screams every
time let me talk to himar Bear be hey
Daryl son buddy uh how about we try a
different animal like the giraffe no
don't do it don't [ __ ] do it it's my
son I know how to talk to my son bear
look how about we try the giraffe
giraff oh calm down bear bear bear be
see see bear [ __ ] it you WI
really likes that damn beer it haunts my
dreams just don't make him mad ever or
you're fired I know oh congratulations
is
positive hey class your teacher she's
sad principal Steinbeck out wait wait
Mrs this Patrick if you ever need some
extra cash bring that ass this
way Mrs Fitzpatrick are we still going
to go around the room and tell each
other how we feel yeah I want to change
my answer I'm not keeping it uh Mikey no
uh I'm texting your father right now I
mean yes Mikey go ahead and tell us how
you feel the medicine I'm all makes me
not feel anything I am in so much pain I
am missing my [ __ ] ear very good
Freddy how about you I feel stinky cuz I
pooped in my pull-ups when the principal
was yelling that's very nice Clarissa
you got to keep the baby no I don't
Randy what about all that good love and
I've been giving you it wasn't love
Randy it was a service oo look at that
tall glass of water and I am
thirsty Randy I told you not to come to
my place of work you embarrassing me yes
hey Dad that's my dad guys Mikey shut up
before I slap the [ __ ] out of you he's
the worst child I've ever had the
displeasure of teaching well we can
raise one together I'm not keeping it
Randy yes the hell you is well somebody
my dad dis mty killed my mom and my
unborn blle uh I I know you guys are
having relationship problems but I'm
actively bleeding over here the
principal stole my ear can I please go
home why you ain't want to kill with me
where do I start Randy you're a bum yeah
you got it bum look at that dumpy oh
Randy you don't even have a real job oh
yeah what about my SoundCloud that I get
32 listens to on that's one for each day
of the month that's not a real job Randy
and there's 30 days in a month sometimes
31 and sometimes there's 33 depending on
the year that's not what a Le here is
Randy oh yeah well my career is about to
LEAP this year yes sir on the 4th of
February please can I go to the nurse
I'm losing so much blood listen Randy
can we talk about this later you going
to take me to McDonald oh sure you going
to get me a 20 piece with the sweet and
sour sauce sure in your nice ass car
fella she got a nice ass car now a 2006
Buick Le sa yes sir that [ __ ] so clean
it looks like it just came right off the
lot I don't care I am in so much pain
Randy if you leave right now we can do
the thing we did the other night okay
class I'm so so sorry bye dad that's my
dad so you've said Mrs Fitzpatrick I'm
missing my ear can I please go to the
nurse not right now Cody maybe in a
little bit in a little bit am I going
insane why is nobody helping me hey
there Miss Fitzpatrick I'm here to do
that procedure let's get that thing out
of there oh good it doctor doctor please
help me I'm missing my ear just a second
kid I got to do this procedure first
just a second are you kidding me my ear
is gone all right open up wait right
here well yeah you want it done right I
guess okay I just got a numb at first
numb num num num num I'm just kidding
but seriously though this thing does
have teeth uh class um I'm feeling a
little scared how about everyone goes
home for today thank God I'm out of here
um Mrs Fitzpatrick can you give me a
ride home my dad already
left no Mikey wait hold on where's my
little shark thing oh there it is I
wonder if Cody won his
fight Cody what happened to you Mikey
bit my ear off wait like M Tyson exactly
like Mike Tyson oh [ __ ] Mikey Tyson
that's literally his name no way yes way
he bit my ear off and the principal
stole it what the principal took your
ear yeah well why are you here you need
to go to a hospital I know I just wanted
to tell you guys how my day was I'm I'm
going that that's that can't be right
talk about a bad day dude yeah I know
kindergarten must be really tough thank
you again to Dragon City for sponsoring
this video click the link in the
description for your special SML
decoration and a bundle of rewards hey
guys it's Logan we officially launched
an SML gaming channel go subscribe right
now we're going to be uploading gaming
videos every single day just like this
Roblox one you see on your screen right
now so please go subscribe to the new
SML gaming channel for new content every
single day what you can get a lot of
momentum in this B no yeah you really
can oh oh oh damn it Dam I got hit in
the face by ball