[Music]
pinch ow why' you pinch me because
Marvin you're not wearing green and it's
St Patrick's Day so I get to pinch you I
hate this stupid holiday hey
Dad pinch ow why' you pinch me you dick
cuz you're not wearing green Marvin you
can't do that why not because Marvin
you're not wearing green you have to be
wearing green in order to pinch someone
who's not wearing green I didn't know
there was so many rules to this yeah Dad
you're not wearing Green OU you're not
supposed to hit me you're supposed to
pinch me April Fools not the same
holiday who's at the door hello hey
there pinch police pinch police he's not
wearing green pinch him we get St
pinching me take that you little [ __ ]
stop it that's what you get for not
wearing green why are you pinching me
well because we're the pinch police okay
what does that even mean it means we
pinch you if you don't wear green okay
well you already pinch me so stop well
now we have probable cause so we have to
come in and make sure everybody else in
there is wearing green that's not
probable cause all right is everybody
wearing green in here I am I am what
baby you gave him green beads to wear
yeah Marvin so he wouldn't get pinned
well Marvin looks like you're the only
one not wearing green so I'm going to
pinch the [ __ ] out of
you stop pinching me hey this is my
favorite day I love pinching people for
not wearing a certain color why well I
think I got addicted to it in high
school Oh no you're going to tell me an
animated story aren't you you bet I am
settle in it's a long one so I was in
high school and it was St Patrick's Day
and I was wearing all the green green
pants green shirt green shoes green hat
everything I even ate green snow cones
so my [ __ ] would be green no one was
pinching me that day except this kid
named diddly he pinched me even though I
was wearing green but I just punched him
in the face anyway I was in class
pinching any kid that wasn't wearing
green and they couldn't say [ __ ] because
they weren't wearing green and I caught
them so after I was done pinching the
whole class I saw the perfect victim Mrs
thicks my sex head teacher she had the
fattest ass I'm talking a huge dumpy
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall and the wall
was her ass everyone in school wanted to
know if it was firm or juicy and I
noticed she wasn't wearing green and I
thought today's the day I finally find
out what Mrs Thick's ass feels like she
was handing out tests from last week and
when she got to my desk I looked her up
and down to make sure she wasn't wearing
green and she wasn't so I pinched the
hell out of her ass and it felt like
Jello-O I pinched it a few more times
and I even gave it a smack and then she
turned around and yelled Brooklyn guy
principal's office now and I said but
Mrs ticks you weren't wearing green and
you're double Caked Up On A Tuesday so
she said I am wearing green and she
pulled down her pants and showed me her
green thong and man I wasn't even mad I
got suspended for 2 weeks that was the
greatest day of my life
but Mrs thickums did get arrested for
mooning the whole class yeah and ever
since that day I haven't washed my hand
e hey you didn't see Mrs tham's ass and
besides how dirty can my hand really be
smell it Simmons smells like ass mate
but I don't know if it's yours or Miss
thums H maybe both can you guys please
leave now wow how incredibly rude
kicking two police officers out of your
house just because they pinched you a
lot exactly yeah I don't want you
pinching me and you need to leave wait
hold on everybody shut up the news is
on breaking news okay a leprechaun is
claiming that he left a pot of gold in
the woods for anyone to find let's go to
the interview now all right ladies and
gentlemen I'm here with the leprechaun
so tell me a leprechaun what is your
name oh my name is Scotty Pippen Scotti
Pippen the leprechaun everybody so tell
me what's with the pot of gold well you
know I hid me pot of gold in the woods
for people to find for St Patrick's Day
being that it's my favorite holiday and
whatnot so whoever finds it first gets
to keep it so how much would you say the
pot of gold is worth oh not too much
maybe two or $3
million and if I find it I get to keep
it well of course you can if you find it
first look Simmons a pot of gold I could
use a pot of gold that would make me
really rich come on Simmons what baby we
should go look for that pot of gold a
Marvin it's hot outside and everyone's
going to look for it and I don't want to
do that Jeffy you want to go look for a
pot of gold sure daddy you're going to
leave me here by myself yeah come on
Jeffy let's go guys guys guys well
Junior are you that excited about
playing the game of Life yeah dude it's
just a board game no guys I just saw on
the news there's this leprechaun who hit
his gold in the woods what yeah there's
a leprechaun on the news he said he hit
his gold in the woods for anyone to find
oh dude I want to find it guys this
sounds like a scam it's not a scam Cody
it was a real leprechaun on the news
they interviewed him and he said he left
this go in the woods worth millions of
dollars and anyone who finds it first
gets to keep it there's no way there's a
pot of gold in the woods come look for
it Cody come on all right mate how we
find this pot of gold we're going to go
to the woods and then you take one area
of the woods and I take the other
Simmons we're not just going to go look
for the pot of gold oh Dar mate I
thought that'd be fun well what we're
going to do is we're going to find that
gold by cheating we're going to kidnap
that leprechaun and torture him until he
tells us where the gold is oh that's way
more fun but where do we find this
leprechaun well you know at his house
the only leprechaun house in town oh
that's right mate all those domestic
violence calls of the leprechaun beating
his leprechaun wife yeah exactly come on
I hate the woods chives if a single leaf
hits me in the face I'm going to beat
you with this stick I found very well
right this way sir oh sorry sir ches
come here do I have find me my gold you
old [ __ ] I'm going to do my best all
right Jeffy let's find this pot of gold
I want to know where the gold at I want
the gold I want the gold too Jeffy I
wonder if it's in this tree wait it's
not going to be in a tree oh my God was
oh that's all me oh my God I'm getting
stuck oh it hurts so goddamn bad boy
you're handling that well me go look for
the gold daddy oh my God stop the was
all right guys let's find that gold guys
we're never going to find it dude it's
going to be easy all you got to do is
look for the big Red X that's buried
treasure wait you don't think it's
buried no I don't even think it exists I
think this is one big hoax it's not a
big hoax the whole world is looking for
it and they said it's in this Woods well
it could be anywhere in the woods this
Woods is thousands of Acres wait winie
the Pooh lives here no that's 100 Acre
Wood oh well I wish we were Birds we
could fly over the forest we could
easily find that treasure yeah it' be
way easier dude or I wish Kobe Bryant
was still alive we could use his
helicopter I know he would be so helpful
right now wait you just want his
helicopter not Kobe well I don't want
his Pilot yeah his Pilot was ass Kobe's
not the only person who owns a
helicopter that's not even what he was
most known for guys I got an idea Cody
Cody come here come here come here okay
what the hell are you guys doing all
right Cody we're holding the tree down
you go on the end of it and then when
you sit on it we're going to let go of
the tree it's going to launch you across
the forest so you can see where the gold
is well I'm not doing that come on Cody
we're already holding the tree down go
no why because what goes up must come
down and I'm going to fall and break my
neck or something you're not going to
fall and break your neck the worst case
scenario is you fall into the bucket of
gold that would still kill me Cody get
on the goddamn tree no do for Kobe okay
fine I'll do it for Kobe yeah like this
yeah all right sorry Joseph on the count
to three we're going to let it go all
right all right all right Cody when we
count to five we're going to let it go
okay one two
3 go what are you doing to me shut up
where's the gold I already told everyone
I hit me gold in the woods where in the
woods well if I told you where I HD me
gold then it would just ruin the whole
point of me hiding it in the first place
Simmons put the washcloth on his face
the
washcloth you got to talk all right okay
fine I'll tell you where I hid the map
to me gold I hid the map in me hat in
your hat yeah see in me hat there's a
paper in here hold on let me
see what it's just a picture of a middle
finger Simmons give him the cloth
again you ready to talk now okay fine
I'll tell you I'll tell you where I hit
the real map to me gold it's in my
sleeve sleeve okay what's this it's in
my
sleeve oh oh you think this is funny huh
you think this is a joke let's do it
again okay where's the gold listen I'll
take you to be gold just bring me to the
W I'll show you where it is okay come on
get all right Scotty if you don't want
to end up like JFK you'll show us where
the gold is me gold where's me gold uh
my Gold's right here my Gold's right
here under this tree stump wait under
the tree stump yes of course of course M
go under the tree stump because I I
buried it right under here wait you
buried it under a tree stump of course I
did you just got to dig for it okay I
guess I have to put my gun down you
better not go anywhere Scotty oh I
wouldn't dream of it come on Simmons
help me
dig man this sucks digging with our
hands like this oh no I'm getting dirad
underneath my fingernails I wish we
brought shovels man this sucks Scotty
can you help us dig wait Scotty what oh
god damn it let's get him Simmons help
help they're after lucky
CH God damn it Simmons where did he go I
don't know mate I guess we lost him
let's go back and start digging maybe he
wasn't lying he must have known we were
going to kill him once we got the
gold oh God oh
God time for my well-deserved water
break it's so hot out here sir may I
please have a sip no who's more
important me or you well I am much over
older than you so it's very important
that I stay hydrated exactly you're
older so your body already knows how to
regulate itself me I don't know what I'm
doing ew is this Aquafina this is poor
people water no sirop please I could
have some of that no chives you don't
want this this is poor people water all
right now let's go find my gold very
well sir oh man I'm going to need a
manicure after this Simmons we've dug so
far deep I'm starting to see Chinese
sweatshir I don't think there's gold
down there well where do you think it is
I don't know let's look somewhere
else look sir I found a p Mo out of my
way chives what the hell is this it
would appear to be a pot of Lucky Charms
I know what it is chives where's my gold
maybe the gold is underneath the Lucky
Charms good thinking chives nobody move
I'll shoot what the hell are you doing
here we're also looking for the gold
well the only thing we found so far is a
pot of Lucky Charms well maybe the gold
is under the Lucky Charms let me put my
gun down so I can eat
yeah everyone eat the Lucky
Charms now I have the gun nobody move a
rats I got to stop putting my gun down
all right chives pick up the pot let's
get out of here stay put damn it
Simmons I am so sorry Cody I really
thought you were going to be launched
across the whole Forest I broke every
bone in my body okay I have a question
don't get mad while you were up there
did you see where the gold was no I'm
never doing anything with you guys ever
again okay but do you still want to play
the game of life
yes but you'll have to spin for me okay
I didn't attach it to the
board oh my God Marvin are you okay no I
got stung by like 30 wasp and I think of
bat I'm so sorry Marvin but hey did you
ever find that pot of gold no I I didn't
get to look for it cuz I got stung hey
Daddy I found your pot of gold you found
the gold Jeffy we're rich yeah but I
think it's chocolate cuz it says on the
bottom what
chocolate I see you found me chocolate
what you have the whole world looking
for a pot of chocolate of course it's me
finest gold chocolate
bars thank you for doing that Jeffy I I
will have some of the chocolate all
right chives dump it out I want to see
my goal very well
sir where's my gold it would seem that
it's just lucky charm sir spanking with
a Mal
time hey guys it's Logan we have
officially launched an SML gaming
channel go subscribe right now we're
going to be uploading gaming videos
every single day just like this Roblox
one you see on your screen right now so
please go subscribe to the new SML
gaming channel for new content every
single day Joseph come in the red couch
room we got to sit like the way we sit
when we in the Crouch get the [ __ ] out
of my seat Spider-Man get out of my seat
how do I sit I don't know there you go
get rid of the Cheerio box Joseph Jeffy
you sit in that couch you sit in that
couch Joseph push again there's another
Jeffy in here so guys what do you want
to do today Cody jeffy's sucking you off
yeah he wrong Jeffy I'm not doing that