a where's a good kitty baby get the cat
off the dinner table but Marvin go on
get get out of here cat go on get get
off the dinner table no cats allowed on
the dinner table baby Jeffy dinner's
ready father what the heck you know I
don't like green beans Jeffy I made them
different I put something special in
them what' you do get a hamster and take
a poop in them no Jeffy those are
raisins you're eating green beans and
raisins and me and Rose are eating
macaroni and cheese and raisins why
don't I get macaroni and cheese and
raisins because you're a growing boy
Jeffy and you need to eat your green
beans well father I just got one
question for you who's your dealer what
do you mean who's my dealer whoever you
buy your drug from because you're so
high I want to Puff on whatever you're
puffing I'm not puffing on anything Jeff
eat your green bees can I go eat them by
the toilet no cuz you're going to flush
him down the toilet can I eat him by the
trash can no cuz you're going to throw
away in the trash can well can I eat him
in my room no Marvin come on let him eat
it in his room where's he going to put
it anyway in his like you know in his
pillowcase or under his mattress no
that's where I keep my crusty socks and
it's full down there all right Jeffy you
can eat in your room but I'm going to
come check on you in 5 minutes and you
better eat this you better not hide it
anywhere okay here I go to my room to
eat my green beans yeah you better eat
every single one of them better not find
one on the ground
[Music]
oh baby I'm so full me too Marvin what
you didn't eat your raisins because
raisins are disgusting Marvin they're
grapes they are sad grapes and you know
it I'm going to go check on Jeffy and
make sure he ate his green beans all
right Jeffy I'm coming to check to make
sure you ate your green beans wait a
minute what the front door's open oh no
uh Rose
the front door is wide open um your cat
might have escaped what uh the front
door is wide open and I don't know if
your cat got out oh no pumpkin did you
see him anywhere I haven't seen him well
we got to go look for kitty kitty kitty
kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty oh
no Marin what if he C outside and got
eaten by a coyote my poor Kitty oh baby
hold on before you start assuming stuff
and before we go outside let me go check
jeffy's room maybe he's with Jeffy okay
uh Jeffy have you seen pumpkin anywhere
it's not Halloween yet Daddy I'm not
talking about an actual pumpkin I'm
talking about that orange cat nope
because the front door was left wide
open did you leave the front door open
nope cuz if Rose's cat got out she's
going to be upset nope Jeffy did you eat
your green beans yep then where's the
fork dny it was so good I swall the fork
too but I choked on it like squiggler
like but you wouldn't get it unless
you've seen SpongeBob all right Jeffy be
honest with me the front door was left
wide open if you tell me right now I
won't be mad oh Fork dick has four tips
pees out of all of them Jeffy I'm being
serious me too if you had a fork dick
that's what it would do all right listen
if you seen pumpkin anywhere you let us
know because the front door is left wide
open oh butter knife dick cut butter and
[ __ ] all right Jeffy you're not taking
this seriously if you see that orange
cat anywhere you let me know got it
Daddy okay Marvin I printed out missing
pumpkin plyers for us to put around the
neighborhood uh baby you didn't put a
picture of the cat I know but I put his
name pumpkin yeah but we know his name's
pumpkin but other people don't know his
name so they're going to think you're
talking about missing pumpkin I am
talking about a missing pumpkin no I'm
talking about like they're going to
think it's a pumpkin from like Halloween
oh yeah so go add a picture of pumpkin
but Marvin I already printed out so many
it's okay you can print more go okay all
right Marvin I fixed the Flyers baby why
didn't you use colored ink because we
ran out of the colored ink when I
printed the last Flyers okay I guess
these will work let's go put them around
the neighborhood Marvin we should put
them on stop signs baby that's dangerous
people are not going to see the stop
sign they're going to get in a wreck
yeah but they'll see the post of our
missing cat okay we'll do a few stop
signs come on
okay all right Marvin we finished
putting up the Flyers around the
neighborhood let's just hope someone
calls hey there what the cops what are
you doing here did you find our missing
cat no but now I know you guys are the
ones who've been putting these posters
up on stop signs we thought that was the
best place for people to see them oh I
saw the poster don't worry about that
what I didn't see is the stop sign so I
T-boned a family of six in a minivan
yeah the van rolled like 15 times cuz I
was going pretty fast and two of them
have been declared dead on the scene the
rest of them had to get LifeLight to the
hospital oh except for the one who's
still trapped under the car they got to
use the jaws of life to get him out but
still he's going to be pretty mangled I
didn't get hurt because I'm drunk but I
mean hey I'm sure as hell sober now yeah
that woke me the heck up wait so you
didn't find our missing cat no but if I
see a gray cat I will be sure to let you
know pumpkins not gray I know pumpkins
aren't gray what the [ __ ] are you
talking about I'm not stupid no the cat
pumpkin isn't Gray he's orange that cat
is gray I'm looking right at him no the
printer ran out of ink he's Orange
I cannot imagine that cat being Orange
He is gray in my mind but why would we
name a gray cat pumpkin that's exactly
what I was wondering listen he's orange
just just imagine him orange okay you
should really put his name on the poster
well see that's what I thought but
Marvin didn't like it oh I like that way
better but there's no picture of the cat
on here oh yeah you're right I guess I
only really know he's a cat because I
already saw the other poster you should
really put these two posters together
hey that's a good idea yeah just don't
put them on stop signs put them on yield
signs yeah [ __ ] yielding I never yield
anyway how'd your cat get loose anyway I
don't know I was walking by the front
door and it was wide open and then I
think he ran out when the door was open
and I asked my son if he left the door
open and he told me no is he a liar what
is your son a liar is he prone to
fabrication are his pants on fire I mean
he lies sometimes well I have a light
detector in my car in your car you have
a li detector yeah I mean I made it I
was on my way to the police station to
interrogate someone with it but I could
use it on your son to see if he opened
the door yeah yeah go grab it I want to
see if jeffy's lying about leaving the
door open but if it was him or not okay
all right here it is Marvin the truth
teller 5000 wow this this really a time
machine no it's a light detector you
weren't listening oh oh yeah The Time
Machine does it work it's not a time
machine Marvin it's a [ __ ] lie
detector oh does it work yeah it works
really well see whenever you tell a lie
it lights up red and when you whenever
you tell the truth it lights up green
and if you tell a super lie a horn goes
off that says liar in my voice here try
it out put it on your head there you go
more are you bald
no see oh no I have hair on the sides of
my head see Marvin it works okay well
Rose can you put it on I have some
questions for you uh no I got to go to
the bathroom what I have questions no
believe me buddy sometimes it's better
to not know check it out okay Marvin ask
me if I have a big wiener do you have a
big wiener
no call Jeffy in here Jeffy get in here
yeah Daddy we have questions to ask you
Jeffy oh rly holy dick up in a ball when
it gets scared and [ __ ] yeah mine does
that too listen Jeffy this is a time
machine Marvin I swear to God let me do
the talking this is not a time machine
oh time machine dick goes back in time
and [ __ ] no it's not a time machine it's
a lie detector oh lie detector dick
detects lies and [ __ ] yes Jeffy it's
going to detect lies and did you leave
that front door open no well we're going
to ask you with the time machine it's
not a time machine Marvin godamn it I
we're going to ask the light detector
okay I will put the helmet on his head
Jesus come here all right Jeffy it's all
set up so if you're lying the red light
will light up and if you're telling the
truth the green light will light up oh
Red Light Green Light dick stops and
goes and [ __ ] Jeffy if you do one more
[ __ ] dick thing you're grounded oh [ __ ]
dick covered in [ __ ] and smells like
[ __ ] and [ __ ] you're grounded Jeffy
Marvin just ask your questions all right
Jeffy did you leave the front door open
yes you said earlier you didn't I know I
lied okay so now that we have a time
machine you start telling the truth yeah
because you're going to find out the
truth anyway oh wow oh wow so there's no
point having the time machine then
Marvin it's not a time machine the
there's no point having a light detector
then if you're going to start telling
the truth now well just ask more
questions all right Jeffy do you know
where pumpkin is no I do not know where
he is okay you're telling the truth with
that did you leave the front door open
on purpose yes why would you do that cuz
I'm a
[ __ ] are you stupid like this all the
time or are you faking it yes what does
that mean I don't know that's new to me
all right Jeffy is there anything else
you want to admit to oh poo dick gets
longer as I lie and
[ __ ] no Jeffy there was this one time
that pumpkin was covered in poop why was
he covered in poop well because I wiped
my ass with him after I took a [ __ ] what
you said he rolled around the litter box
well he did that too [ __ ] Jeffy that is
it you're going to go to your room and
you're grounded you're not going to
leave that the room the whole weekend
all right I'm going to my room and I'm
totally going to stay there all weekend
I'm going to take this off well Marvin
you got the truth
yeah but we still don't know where
pumpkin is yeah this can't really help
with that but hey I'll leave it here so
you can play with it but I'm not
entirely sure it's accurate cuz I
haven't really calibrated it but that
little wiener thing was definitely
true yeah wait [ __ ] I said that
backwards I meant it see it's not
accurate I haven't calibrated it so I
have a big wiener Marvin and I'm going
to leave this here for I think it I
think there's something wrong with it
maybe you shouldn't believe this machine
I have a big Wier and I'm going to just
ignore that and then I'm going to I'm
going to head out but if I see a gray
cat I'm going to let you know it's
orange okay let's see if this thing is
truly accurate I Marvin have a big
wiener okay but it's not small though
it's not the smallest penis in the world
how would you possibly even know that
information oh okay well if I was in a
room with 10 guys I'd be in the top
three biggest oh come on hey Marvin I'm
back from the bathroom did you finish
your test oh yeah yeah turns out jeffy's
the one who left the door open oh well
Marvin you know he's still just a kid
he's 19 years old baby well accidents
happened no he did it on purpose oh well
Marvin we really should go look for
pumpkin who's at the door oh it's
probably my package for a big penis like
reversal pills because mine's so big
liar I don't know why it's screaming
liar it it this thing must be broken it
lies all the it's not calibrated right
is what he told me hello Pumpkin you
found him where's my reward what the
paper said I'd get a reward oh well
bring him inside we'll discuss that all
I'm coming oh pumpkin you're back where
did you find him he ran out in front of
my Lamborghini and almost hit him the
only reason I didn't is because I didn't
want to damage my Lamborghini oh well
thank you for bringing him back now
where's my reward what the paper said
that there would be a reward so give me
money uh baby where's the money you're
going to give them I don't have any
money so then why the [ __ ] would you put
reward on the paper if there wasn't
going to be a reward well I was hoping
someone would bring him back because
he's our pet damn I should just hit him
well listen pumpkin's back everyone's
happy what were you doing coming here
anyway well I wanted to come get your
house payment but I'm assuming you don't
have that uh no I have the house payment
of course I have the house payment put
this on well you don't even know what
this thing is it's a time machine do you
have your house payment this month uh of
course I do liar oh listen I have half
of it liar okay listen I I have most of
it liar if you just give me till
tomorrow I'll have it liar next week
I'll have it liar next month I'll pay
double
okay listen listen this this thing
doesn't even know what it's doing it's
supposed to take you back in time or
something Marvin do you even have your
house payment ever do you even try to
pay your house payment I try to pay it
every
month baby don't don't every day we sit
on the couch and I go I man I'm going to
pay my house payment this month I I'm
really going to try to pay it that's
that's what I'm going to do morvin give
me that what I'm going to cut off your
balls and put them in a jar and pickle
them I'm going to have pickled balls and
then I'm going to play pickle ball with
it and and I'm going to cut your balls
off with the scissors that are in my ass
so I'm going to give you a 5-second head
start Marvin because I can't really run
that well with scissors up my ass that's
why they tell you don't not to run with
scissors so get running
[Music]