I get the last Oreo no I get the last
Oreo no I get it CU my house guys guys
my parents might be getting divorced and
I've already heard enough yelling today
care I want the
Oreo or what's going on here well Jeffy
there's only one Oreo left and I believe
it belongs to me because it's my house
and they're my Oreos no it doesn't dude
I'm the guest I should get the last Oreo
well in my opinion why don't you guys
cut it in half and then you each get a
piece wait that would be fair we would
both get half the Oreo dude how did you
come up with that wa Jeffy you're a
genius you should be a lawyer really
yeah you should take the bar exam and
become a lawyer what's the bar exam it's
a test that you take to become a lawyer
as previously implied okay I think I'll
do that yeah Jeffy you'll be a really
good lawyer all right Joseph let's split
this Oreo yeah let's do it
dude don't don't you don't get any WR
you can't cut it in three you can't cut
it in
threes all right welcome to the Florida
state bar exam in order to be a lawyer
you have to pass the bar exam so I have
a bunch of candy bars laid out here in
front of you and you have to smell each
one and then correctly identify it
because a lawyer needs to have a good
sense of smell like you have to be able
to smell if somebody's guilt or not like
you smell out a rat okay so let's start
with an easy one smell that heres oh
very good of course how about this
Snickers mhm mhm sounds like a slur but
let's try this one twinx okay okay
that's good what about this finger on my
butt oh no Butterfinger well almost
almost got you there okay let's try this
one k c okay that's good now this one
this one's a hard one Whatchamacallit
wow okay that's it you passed the bar
exam congratulations you are now a
lawyer yay hey Daddy I'm a lawyer now I
passed your bar exam but Jeffy you're
too young to drink what no Jeffy you
can't be a lawyer there's no way you
passed the bar exam well I did I smelled
all the candy bars and guessed them
correctly yeah your son's a lawyer now
but jeffy's not smart enough to be a
lawyer well he's the first person I've
ever met to actually pass the bar exam
without even studying it took me three
times it was that damn Whatchamacallit
it just smells like chocolate Jeffy why
would you want to become a lawyer
because I want to help people and make a
lot of money yeah lawyers get paid bro
no one's going to hire you to be a
lawyer Jeffy no one's going to trust you
well people have actually been blowing
up his phone all day they saw that
commercial he made a commercial yeah
look hey there been in your car accident
someone shoo you got a boo boo well call
Babo b b Baboo I don't get paid unless
you do so call us right now Baboo b b
Baboo this message was approved by Jeffy
bab b b babo Baboo b b and Baboo
attorney's at law daddy that's
ridiculous no one's going to hire you
well I actually hired him from my
restraining order case later today
actually you know what Jeffy you have a
case coming up you better get to it all
right all right Daddy I'll see you later
oh I'm so proud of Jeffy being a big boy
lawyer order order order order I am the
the honorable Judge poer and today we
will be hearing the case of Jackie Chu
whose Chinese restaurant is in danger of
being shut down by the health inspector
who claims that he has been cooking cat
and dog and serving it to people as food
Mr health inspector what have you
witnessed in his Chinese restaurant I
witnessed them taking cats and dogs out
of cages cooking them and then serving
them as orange chicken good Lord Mr you
these are very serious and gross
accusations what do you have to say
about this I do serve cat and dog but
IND dericious wow you just admitted it
just like that okay well does your
lawyer have anything to say to help you
get out of this situation yes your honor
my client does serve cat and dog but my
question to you have you ever tried it
God no cats and dogs are so cute and
cuddly I would never eat them never your
honor there's an old game don't knock it
till you try it and I believe you should
try it before you judge H you make a
good point I've never tried it so I
guess I don't actually know what it
tastes like I suppose I can have one
[Music]
piece
my God this is the greatest thing I've
ever
eaten Mr Chew you are not guilty this is
delicious I must have more Mr health
inspector you are fired and no longer
allowed to inspect
[Laughter]
food take you you Jeffy thank you so
much for saving my family's restaurant
babo b b babo dang check out all this
moooo guap gu Jeffy where'd you get all
this moo moo
gu I won my first case today daddy and
he was Bing Bong as [ __ ] what Jeffy you
actually wanton a case Marvin he passed
his bar exam he knows what he's doing
yeah sure do daddy and I got another
case to get ready for so let me go ahead
and break you off a piece of this bread
right here give you a few bread H cuz
you know I got to hook you up cuz you my
Daddy all right yeah that's good order
order order order I Am The Honorable
George p and today we will be hearing
the case of Brooklyn guy who wants to
file a restraining order against his
brother Jonathan for trying to hook up
with his wife Brooklyn guy and tell me
what has happened so my brother Jonathan
is a 30-year-old virgin who still lives
with our mom and he's always hitting on
my wife and trying to bang her so I just
want to get a restraining order so he
can't come near me or my wife very
understandable Jonathan is any of this
true well Bland guy is just jealous cuz
his wife thinks I'm a total hunk she's
always staring at me up and down trying
to get a glimpse of my meat whistle like
damn lady I'm a human too I have
feelings I'm not just a piece of eye kid
you get to suck on see my client is a
victim it's true oh [ __ ] your honor
Jonathan's lying no woman is attracted
to him order order order everybody
settle down Karen do you feel like
you're in danger of Jonathan like maybe
he's stalking you or trying to do things
to you well he does say a lot of weird
things yes you're honor she feels afraid
I see well Jonathan I have no choice but
to Grant the restraining order unless
your lawyer would like to say anything
about this
case sorry your honor I got a booger on
my nose it's a deep booger come here
booger get out of my nose oh no he said
booger three times hey Brooklyn guy it's
me your imaginary friend booger yeah I
know booger go away I'm in court o did
you do something bad huh huh did you get
a DUI no did you rob a bank did you kill
someone I'm going to kill you if you
don't go away oh come on Brook guy you
don't mean that shut the hell up booger
Mr guy who are you talking to No One
your honor oh come on Brooklyn guy you
don't want to tell me about your best
pal booger I you ashamed of me yes oh
come on I'm like your hype man I'm
always there saying you man Brooklyn guy
you're the freaking man I know booger
and then if anyone ever says you're not
the man I say that're wrong cuz you're
the man hey who's this judge guy but
that's the judge you want me to go mess
with him no please don't I'm going to go
mess with him no booger don't Mr guy who
the hell are you talking to are there
voices in your head talking to you your
honor Bren guy is clearly insane he's
not mentally stable and he's making
false claims of Jonathan stalking his
wife I am mentally stable booger get
away from from the judge stop trying to
give him a wet wiie Mr guy who the hell
are you talking to are there voices in
your head speaking to you I'm giving him
a wet really Brooklyn guy yes your honor
there is a very annoying ass voice who
really needs to shut the hell up hey
Brooklyn guy did you see what I did to
that judge I gave him a Wet Willie yeah
I saw it booger oh did you like it was
it funny shut the hell up oh that's not
very nice Brooklyn guy shut up or I'll
kill you I have heard enough Mr guy you
are clearly mentally unwell so I will
not be granting your restraining order I
will however be admitting you to a
mental health facility immediately what
no a mental health facility oh you think
I start Pizza there my favorite's
pepperoni shut the [ __ ] up booger oh do
you like pineapple and pizza it tastes
pretty decent with hand yes Justice is
Ser and now with lln got gone Karen will
be all alone for me to try to bang her
thank you Jeffy you're the best lawyer
ever babo b b babo oh D look I just got
back from KFC and look at all this 10
piece chickens I got baby he just won
another case Jeffy thank you for my new
purse and thanks for my arm Manny
sunglasses sure thing Daddy yeah here go
another 10 piece for Tom Mall yeah you
go Mommy you can have you a 10 piece too
no sauce on that bit oh thank you Jeffy
keep winning cases I'm going go shopping
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge poar and today we will
be hearing the case of Tyrone and Judith
Judith wants a divorce from Tyrone
because he has been cheating on her
Judith let's hear your side of the story
well Yana Tyrone just keeps cheating on
me over and over again with so many
women I just want to be done Tyrone what
do you have to say now listen everybody
owns more than one pair of shoes you
don't just wear the same pair every day
that's me with [ __ ] I want the house
and everything now ho I pay all the
bills you can have a boy I don't want
the boy I want the house order order
order okay it sounds like the divorce is
settled it is happening but now we need
to figure out who gets the house and all
of the assets Jeffy what do you think I
think then you take a chainsaw you cut
the house in half and everything they
only in half so it's 50/50 H that's fair
I like it I grant you both 50/50 of
everything cuz everything in half with a
chainsaw the boy too [ __ ] what H I'll
get a chainsaw I'll hold him down but no
b b bab beep beep beep it's Amazon Prime
I got another package for you shine
right here
Daddy Daddy is that jacket made out of
South African leopard ass what it look
like Mommy is that jacket made out of
Antarctic polar bear puss it was shaved
it wasn't tortured okay well I got
another case your friend Goodman hit a
kid with his Lamborghini so I got to go
try to save him the kid no oh baby let's
put it in the
safe order order order order I am the
honorable Judge bber and today we will
be hearing the case of Mr Goodman who is
being accused of running over a child in
his Lamborghini and driving away the
mother saw the Lamborghini hit him so
mother tell us what
happened my boy was drawing with his
Chalk in the road and this rich guy in
the Lamborghini ran him over and he
didn't even try to stop Mr Goodman is
this awful accusation true you didn't
even try to stop well your honor I was
getting roadhead from this 10 out of 10
Baddie I was in a throat trance so I
wasn't even paying attention while I was
driving H so you were distracted while
driving and killed a little boy well it
sounds like you're guilty unless your
lawyer can get you out of this mess well
your honor to be fair you weren't
[ __ ] there you didn't see what
happened and neither did I the boy's mom
could be lying she probably wasn't even
there so how can you judge what happened
if you weren't there H that's true I
wasn't there everything could be a lie
well if a tree falls in the woods and no
one's around to hear it does it make a
sound H I suppose it doesn't Mr Goodman
you are not guilty of vehicular
manslaughter in hdden run what no he
killed my little boy this is not
Justice thank God I'm going to celebrate
by getting more roadhead thank you Jeffy
babo b b babo Marvin your son's a genius
he won my case I got sucked off on the
way here I'm going to get sucked off on
the way home Mr Goodman do they have any
mouthwash get back in the car chinchilla
okay and Marvin I'm taking this 10,000
for your house payment this month it
doesn't matter Jeffy print money he a
money print machine beep well Daddy I
actually don't want to be a lawyer
anymore what do you mean Jeffy I didn't
like it what do you mean you don't like
it I don't like it you don't like making
cash green gu cash green Guapo I don't
like it Marvin if Jeffy doesn't want to
be a lawyer he doesn't have to be a
lawyer anymore put the cash in the green
in the B Marvin we had
enough Baboo b b
[Music]
Baboo