Bo what are you doing sitting here with
the TV off there's nothing to watch but
don't Jimmy Butler in the Miami Heat
play tonight oh Karen you saw Jimmy
Butler in the finals he doesn't play
basketball he makes coffee but Bonnie
you love Jimmy Butler loved past tense
Bo so you're never going to watch the
Miami Heat play ever again the only way
I will ever watch the Miami Heat play
ever again is if they go to the finals
with a three-oh lead and I'll die before
that happens Bo you don't mean that
Karen 10 billion people have been born
since basketball was invented and of
those 10 billion people only about 4,000
ever went on to become NBA players it is
a dream for kids to play basketball but
not for Jimmy Butler he just wants to
sell coffee he could have applied at
Starbucks and done that Buon Buon Buon
Buon yes C the light bulb in that lamp
is out what the light bulb in that lamp
is out oh it is look at that boy go
change the light bulb give me another
light bulb and I'll change it okay damn
it such a tight squeeze comeing you
bastard here B I got the new light bulb
okay hand it to me here you
go oops what what the hell was that a
nothing B here you go okay fine yeah
thank you why is it
wet oh my God bu are you okay are you a
lie speak to
[Applause]
me Karen why the [ __ ] was that light
bulb wet I accidentally dropped it in
the glass of water why didn't you tell
me well I didn't know anything bad was
going to happen damn it Karen
electricity and water equals bad well
now I know damn it you're so stupid
sometimes boy so mean to me it maybe I
won't surprise him with the tickets to
the cruise in the Bahamas how are we
going to afford that Karen what are you
talking about Bo a cruise to the Bahamas
hey how did you know about that you just
told me no I didn't B but I was thinking
about it well you must have been
thinking out loud because I heard it I
wasn't hey maybe you are reading my
Minds I can't read minds Karen I think
Bo is a superhero he was reading my
thoughts I'm not a superhero bu you just
did it again okay Karen if I'm reading
your mind think of a number between 1
and 10 okay okay I got it zero zero is
not between 1 and 10 B how did you know
I was thinking of zero wait a minute
maybe I can read your mind oh my God
this is insane huh I wonder who that
could be maybe it's exhibit who's going
to Pimp My Ride it's not exhibit Karen
he doesn't pimp rides anymore that show
is a scam hello hey bling guy Jonathan
what are you doing here I came to bring
my best bro some coffee what are you
Jimmy Butler why are you bringing me
coffee at 8:00 at night because I love
you so much little this bln guy know I
put 6 t0 PM in his coffee so when he
takes a sip he'll be sleeping all night
which gives me plenty of time to flirt
with Karen and eventually she won't be
able to resist how hot I am and she'll
pull her chilies out in a motorb
him you know Jonathan I really admire
your confidence that you think the only
thing stopping you from motorboating my
wife as me being awake what do you mean
I I didn't say that I can read your mind
I really hope you can't read my mind
because if he could hear my thoughts
he'd hear all the disgusting things I do
to Karen I'm going to think about it
right now Jonathan you can stop right
there I got to go I'll try again
tomorrow oh God I hate Jonathan wait
wait where do you think you're going I'm
going over to my friend's house for a
party not at 8:00 on a school night but
Dad everyone's going to be there yeah
everyone whose parents does drugs your
parents don't do drugs you smoke weed I
mean real drugs you're not going to that
party fine I'll just sneak out my window
later after he goes to bed oh no you
don't come here what Dad what are you
doing locking me in a cat carrier well
you're trying to sneak out the window
when I fall asleep tonight well how do
you know that I can read your mind so if
you know what's good for you you shut
your mouth and your mind what can you at
least give me a pillow no hold on my
phone's ringing hello officer guy Chief
what's wrong you sound sick yeah yeah
I'm very sick I have a cold but uh I I
really need you to go on duty tonight
but sir it's supposed to be my night off
yeah yeah I know but I don't have
anybody else available I mean I'd do it
but I'm just so sick sir are are you
really sure you're sick of course I'm
sick can't you hear me coughing it's a
good thing he can't read my mind or else
you'd know I'm not really sick I just
want to stay home and watch that
documentary about how Donuts are made
sir are you going to watch the
documentary about how Donuts are made no
shut up just go on dut it right now or
you're fired damn it sorry honey I got
to go to work Dad please let me out of
here I'll let you out in the
morning I'm so bored I hate having to
work the night shift on my day off I
hate my job I guess I'll just watch Tik
toks on my
phone oh this generation well yeah
there's really nothing like seeing a
girl shake her ass and not knowing her
age how was this even legal wait what is
that oh damn it it's another speeder I
better go get
[Music]
him excuse me sir you know how fast you
were going yes I'm so sorry officer I
was speeding yeah you were can I see
your license and registration oh of
course of course I'll get it right away
is there anything in the car I should
know about oh no officer this car is
clean ain't nothing in here oh God I
hope he doesn't find the dead body in
the truck oh Jesus sir can you pop the
trunk for me please what I I don't
consent to a search sir I know about the
dead body in your trunk how do you know
that I read your mind what yeah just Pop
the trunk for me no okay go ahead and
pop it no okay yep that's a dead body
I'm so sorry just get in the back of my
car okay okay now you just sit back
there and think about what you did I'm
so sorry shut up oh God I got to do so
much paperwork I got to have somebody
come out and get the body I got to have
the car tow oh my God why'd you have to
kill somebody you just ruined my entire
night I mean you could just let me go I
won't tell anyone shut up oh god oh good
look at that and I need gas that is just
perfect okay I'll go to a gas station I
guess I can just leave the body in the
car here no one's going to touch it I
need to take money out of the ATM for
gas let me see how much I have in my
account $36 and Karen thought she was
going to buy me tickets for a cruise to
the Bahamas yeah right wait what is that
is that is that somebody's debit card
huh somebody dropped their debit card on
the ground I better take this so it
doesn't fall into the wrong hands hey
man have you seen my debit card I think
I dropped mine uh no no I haven't seen a
debit card okay well if you see it let
me know man yeah I I'll do that just uh
make sure you don't tell anybody your
PIN number oh of course not man I got it
right up here in my Noggin well you
should say it in your head real quick
just to make sure you still remember it
okay
4922 got it cool yeah you know what I
actually think I did see your debit card
way over over there on the other side of
the highway all you did thanks man get
some
cash officer guard get in here what are
you doing here sir I thought you were
sick I am sick and what I just heard
made me even sicker well what did you
hear I heard that you stole someone's
debit card and took $10,000 out of their
bank account what no I would never do
something like that cut the crap guy we
have the security footage from the ATM
we saw the whole thing officer Simmons
apprehend this criminal all mate you're
coming with me it's okay Simmons I
understand after I take him to court I'm
going to go to his mom's house and eat a
roast beef sandwich from the back ew
Simmons ew that's my mother how' you
hear that just take me to jail all
right order order order order I am the
honorable Judge poar and today we will
be hearing the case of Brooklyn guy who
is being accused of stealing a man's
debit card guessing his 4digit pin
number and withdrawing 10,000 ,000 in
cash Brooklyn guy how do you bad I
didn't guess his pen I knew what it was
oh and how did you know his pin number
uh I I um I I knew what year he was born
and that was it oh okay well then I
guess I'll charge you with identity
theft as well then come on Judge I'm a
police officer can't you just let me off
with a warning no I'm not going to let
you off with a warning you stole
$10,000 the only way I'd let him off
with a warning is if he quoted word for
word what Macho Man Randy Savage says is
Bon saw in the first Toby Maguire
Spider-Man movie but he'll never do that
oh [ __ ] how's that go I just watched it
last night um bone sa
ready you're going nowhere I get you in
here for 3 minutes 3 minutes of play
time oh my God you said it oh it's like
you read my mind okay you're free to go
oh charges dropped I can't believe that
actually worked thank you Macho Man
Randy Savage you really were the cream
of the
crap well I get to keep the $10,000
since the charges were dropped so I
might as well blow it all at the strip
club oh look there's a hoe oh my God
give me money yeah I do have that I have
money well stop talking about it and
give it to me you know what I'm not
going to take the easy way I'm going to
get her to bang me just by reading her
mind hey there how's your day going oh
my God it's so great I hate my father
hey you know who really sucks your
father oh my God I no he's such an
[ __ ] yeah yeah fathers are the worst
they should all just die give me money
okay uh well well how about this how
about you think of a sentence like
literally any combination of words and
if I can guess it then you have to sleep
with me okay wow that was easy okay so
really think about that sentence I got
it Bon saw is ready you have got to be
[ __ ] kidding me what was that
sentence is everybody thinking about the
first Toby Maguire Spider-Man say the
sentence you were thinking Bo so is
ready oh my God that was such a good
impression say the rest of the line okay
you're going nowhere I get you for three
minutes 3 minutes of blate time oh my
god let's go right now wow okay what the
[ __ ] is going on hey there Marvin how'
you get my house the front door but
guess what I just had unprotected
banging with a 10 out of 10 stripper
aren't you married why do you have to
ruin everything I was clearly happy how
did you get her to do that well because
I'm him you know I'm going at talking to
women I can do that
okay H I should try to read all of their
minds wait a minute I can read my own
mind oh yeah I guess I always could have
done that well let's see what jeffy's
thinking I've been brewing a yogurt
style cat [ __ ] my pants and as soon as
they're not looking I'm going to stick
my hands in my ass and sniff it okay
maybe I should see what Marvin's
thinking bone saw is ready oh no way in
[ __ ] there's no way he's thinking that
too hold on let me try reading Rose's
mind you're going nowhere I get you for
three minutes okay [ __ ] this I can't do
this anymore somebody take my police
police taser and tase me in the brain
what's going on I can read minds [ __ ]
yes I know about the cat [ __ ] wait you
can read people's minds yes and all
anybody ever thinks about is Macho Man
Randy Savage in the Toby Maguire
Spider-Man movie how' you know I was
thinking about that everybody's thinking
about that and I don't want to listen to
it anymore tase
me okay Marvin think about something
okay well I know you're thinking about
macho man but I can't hear it anymore
and that's all that matters so I'm going
to take my $10,000 I stole from an ATM
and I'm going to go home just don't tell
my wife I banged a strip
[Music]
are