officer guy get in here yes sir I have a
super secret undercover mission for you
oo I love super secret undercover
missions what is it well there's a
Russian gangster in town by the name of
Vladimir ptinov that sounds a lot like
Vladimir Putin but it's not he's a
totally different guy and he is very
dangerous he's on the FBI's most wanted
list for killing 100 men well were they
at least bad guys no they just beat him
in pool I'm sorry did you just say pool
like bads yeah it's his favorite game
and he hates losing so what you're going
to do is you're going to undercover and
play him in pool and while you're
playing you're going to use this pool
stick that is secretly a shotgun with
one shot in it and you're going to shoot
him uh okay sir I have a number of
questions uh first of all what happens
when I shoot him and all of his goons
like tackle me and try to torture me and
stuff well that's not going to happen
cuz they're not going to know you're the
one who shot him you're holding the pool
stick not a gun well I think it's going
to be pretty obvious I mean there's
going to be smoke coming out of it and
I'm going to have to be pointing my pool
stick right at him and also I'm the only
new guy there God you're just
overthinking it don't worry about it
also if we have his location why don't
we just go there and arrest him why do I
even have to do all this God damn it guy
it's going to be cool okay we made this
pool stick gun and we're going to use it
okay but how do I even know what he
looks like look you're going to have an
earpiece in your ear and I can talk you
through the whole thing okay send me the
address if I get the eight ball in I win
more you have to call your pocket that
one no you can't shoot there you have to
shoot somewhere else yes I can I picked
that one zaka do something
no no that is cheating tell him to move
head zaka down
boy I wi oh yeah piece of [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
W you hav't lost all day thank you now
who wants to play next hey there you
[ __ ] want to play some pool the [ __ ]
you call me wo what's wrong you afraid
of a little competition I'm afraid of
nothing yeah apparently you know what I
think I need to meditate for a second
okay take your time sir I am so nervous
right now guy the sooner you shoot him
the sooner you can get out of there okay
well just tell me which one he is so I
can kill him and get the hell out of
here will you see the guy in the red
jacket Red Jacket got it don't shoot him
that's your backup in case anything goes
wrong holy [ __ ] something them right in
the [ __ ] gu did I just hear a
gunshot no no that was just me playing
pool holy [ __ ] that was the craziest
thing I've ever seen you shot him with
pool stick wait a minute why do you have
pool stick gun uh well that guy in red
was was an undercover cop so I was
trying to help you out zaka check him he
tells truth B in Pocket holy [ __ ] you
walk in with P stick gun and you could
have killed me but instead you saved my
life you know I am number one wanted us
right really you don't say yeah FBI W me
so bad I killed over 100 people 101
today oh congratulations D look by your
feet dead body oh hey there he can't
hear you he's dead Vladimir Takeo very
seriously yeah apparently guy officer
kebler isn't responding is he still
there oh the guy in red yeah I see him
hey kebler who the [ __ ] are you talking
to uh I I I think I see my friend kebler
from high school he makes cookies now no
this is Russian goon house no keep here
oh well I guess I was mistaken you know
what I think I'm just going to go home
no no no you will stay and play a game
of pool I insist and since you'll save
my life if you win I won't kill you
maybe oh well in that case I guess I'll
break du now watch this is how a man
breaks thank God I had a bulletproof
vest on holy [ __ ] sir how many bullets
did you say were in this thing oh yeah I
forgot to tell you we put an extra
bullet in there in case you missed the
first one thought you might need it holy
[ __ ] you knew he had bulletproof vest
and you shot him a second time the
second time today that you could have
killed me but instead you saved my life
yeah yeah keep reminding me you know
what I like you you I want to take you
out to American fancy Cuisine Denny's
you heard of it oh yeah Denny's they
open 24 hour their grand sandwich
delicious oh okay yeah let's go to
Denny's let's
go welcome to Denny's greatest American
restaurant oh I don't know if I'd say
that I mean there's Applebees and red L
the [ __ ] you just say uh you know what I
do love moons over Miami though I do
love that you know I really liking the
way the slamburger looking but I am
definitely going to need moment to look
over the menu guy I distract your
location what the hell are you doing at
a Den's and you didn't invite me uh sir
the pool situation didn't work out so he
wanted to go to Denny's and here we are
but don't worry I'm going to try to
poison his drink while we're here good
idea guys I have made my decision I am
getting Grand slamwich you know I think
I might actually get a Choco Nana
pancake slam you're getting Grand
slamwich I'm getting a grand slamwich
now where the [ __ ] is the waitress sorry
for the wait y'all I'm your waitress
Lisha and welcome to Denny's oh sorry
sir no shirt no service I think you will
serve me even without my shirt oh my God
okay okay you're right you're right uh
so what would yall like to drink I think
I will give a mellow yellow I will also
have a mellow yellow Mellow Yellow three
mellow yellows okay oh I'll be right
back all right y'all that y' me yellow
what y'all want to eat we will have
three grand sandwich three grand
sandwich oh that's easy y'all easy oh I
love meow yellow yeah hey how about
before we drink we play this fun game
called let's see who can tie their shoes
the fastest oh you're OD I have no shoe
oh well okay I guess in that case untie
one of his shoes and see how fast you
can tie that one okay Jesus okay this in
here okay done I tie my shoe in 5
seconds zaka T my shoe in six so who won
uh you won congratulations I think we
should celebrate by sipping our mellow
yellows as fast as we can no let's do it
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
zaka you have much more ice than me I
have none trade with me oh F no no no
you don't have to switch drinks I really
like ice because I am
anemic oh I love Mello yellow zakaya how
is your mow
yellow holy [ __ ] oh how did that happen
that's crazy I guess his yellow wasn't
so mellow wait Chris get the shut in
here you don't need a yeah your grand
sandwich is almost ready waitress why my
brother die after sipping mil yellow you
Brink oh he did yes let me check
something why you put cyanide in my
brother's drink it was actually arsenic
I don't got no s
die come on we're leaving uh but what
about the grand sandwiches I will go to
Kitchen kill the chef and take the grand
sandwiches let's
[Music]
go so why are we at a strip club it is
the only way for me to get over the
death of my brother with titties I feel
gross eating a grand sandwich here hey
baby what's your name dandelion oh
dandelion like my favorite flower is
that a gun in my pants or am I happy to
see you gu what the hell are you doing
at a strip club first dy's and now a
strip club what is it your birthday
sorry the fact that you think my
birthdays are that fun no this whole
thing has been a [ __ ] show don't worry
I'll get it done give me lap dance baby
okay ow your gun is hurting me you're
not friend grab my gun really yeah I
trust you you Sav my life like twice
today okay great come on baby oh
yeah oh [ __ ] bro what this [ __ ] you just
shut dyon you know man I I could just
tell she was going to break your heart
bro this is why I love you yeah bro what
the [ __ ] you are doing I'm sorry man I'm
a cop oh you got me so good you must be
like the best undercover cop ever you
even shot your partner yeah that was an
accident and my brother that was also an
accident and stripper yeah again an
accident you know what go ahead do it I
want to be with my brother oh thanks for
being so cool about this sorry oh you
must be [ __ ] kidding me are you
serious I forgot I shot so many times
today and forgot to reload okay you know
what [ __ ] this I'm just taking him in
okay sir I have the Russian guy but he's
not dead he's not dead why didn't you
kill him well I tried sir but six
innocent people ended up dying six
people who okay well let's see there was
a stripper there was a Denny Chef a
Denny waitress uh his brother some
random Russian pool player guy and
officer Keebler officer Keebler's dead
how well let me tell you the very long
story of why it's not my fault so I
pulled up to the Russian mobster house
and they wanted to play pool and they
saw how good I was at pool cuz I'm great
at it and then they wanted me and
officer Keebler to be in their district
for The Hunger Games so then they took
us to Denny's to get us a lot of food so
we'd be full before before the Hunger
Games and then they took us to a strip
club so we'd get some hes and get our
strength up before the big fight so then
they put us in these little tube things
and they raised us up into this big
field with all the other District people
and then they said go so usually you're
supposed to run and grab a bunch of
weapons but I already had my poti gun so
me and officer kebler just ran into the
forest and climbed up a tree and just
waited then we saw this girl named
catpiss or something and she was killing
people with her bow and arrow and oh
yeah she had this boyfriend named Peta
not Peter Peta like Lois Griffin says
Peter it was weird and and then kebler
sneezed so catpiss was going to try to
shoot us with her bow and arrow so I
shot this bees nest full of deadly bees
with my pool gun and it fell and hit
Peta on the head so then I shot catpiss
with my other last Bullet From the gun
and she died so then we just camped
until there was one guy left and keas
said yo bro it's 2V1 let's get him he's
definitely a bot but I didn't have any
weapons or mats all I had was a chug jug
so officer keer runs up on him with
confidence and gets his shield taken off
and the guy starts building Empire State
buildings and Kea yelled bro he's real
he's real and then officer Kea got
sniped so I was running around and the
guy jumped down and tried to shoot me
but he died from Fall damage so I won
The Hunger Games you won The Hunger
Games that's not what happened he
accidentally shot officer Keebler with
pul stick gun Brooklyn guy you know me
I'm a little
[Music]
weasel
[Music]
m