daddy my cat piano's broken it's missing
three keys buy me another one Jeffy I
don't have the money to buy you a new
one right now but Daddy I need that
peeper that cash cash green Cash Cash
well why don't you get a job and then
you can make that green Cash Cash green
crash cash too hard no it's not too hard
Jeffy well it's too hard for me to let
you borrow money Marvin look the
news breaking news there's a phone app
that will let you adopt animals straight
from your phone and have them delivered
to your house what a time to be alive
wow Marvin what a neat idea see Jeffy if
you thought of a cool business idea like
that you'd make tons of money okay well
that's what I'm going to do I'm going to
start my own business yeah right oh my
god did you just see the new food
delivery after they announced on the
news they deliver cat and dog right to
your door America is amazing okay guys
you ready to play doooo kangaroo how do
you play dooo kangaroo well you feed
Donuts to this kangaroo until he dooos
and you press this button on the back of
the toilet and that's to make him dooo
all over the place so you have to
collect as many donuts as you can but
none of the dooos see that's a dut and
on the other side that's a doooo don't
pick up any dooo so it's just a [ __ ]
kangaroo dude yeah Joseph he's a
kangaroo that's a crappy joke dude okay
so how do we start okay so I'm going to
press this button make him
dooo he's going to dooo get ready for
dooo oh he's going crazy come on [ __ ]
you stupid kangaroo yeah where's the
poop well there's one I can't collect
that that's a dooo oh yeah yeah don't
that I think he's constipated yeah I can
tell he's not dooing
Cody that's a doo you can't take it okay
get it wait that's a dooo where's the
delicious
donut I got a donut I got a donut I'm
going to flip this one over no no no
flipping the dooo the rules say no
flipping doodo but it's just a sticker
dude no flipping dooo it's nothing but
do two of them guys what are you doing
we're just playing this shitty board
game get it Junior shitty like doooo
like poop out of your butt yeah get it
well what if I created a game called
[ __ ] [ __ ] in my ass for I mean we would
have to make three of them first but I
think it would be better than this yeah
definitely yeah dude well I need you
guys' help starting a business because I
need to make a lot of money so I can buy
a new capat piano well you can sell hard
drugs bro what could go wrong too hard
to find oh I got a perfect business idea
why don't you start an escape room what
yeah you know there's people who pay to
get trapped in a room for an hour and
they have to escape oh so I got to
kidnap somebody lock them in a room and
then wait until they pay me to leave
well no no no see the crazy thing about
this is people pay to stay in the room
and they have to escape they pay you to
do it huh now that you mention it that's
actually kind of [ __ ] up yeah but
there's a lot of Escape rooms and they
make a lot of money so we should start
an escape room yeah I agree I think we
should do that okay but what room would
we use we would use this room Cody but
this room doesn't look like an escape
room that's the crazy part about this we
lock people in this room we tell them
it's escape room they never get out and
they're going to keep coming back from
work cuz they're like we they really
want to break this puzzle well usually
they have puzzles in the escap escape
room no no that's the cool part there's
actually no Puzzles it's just a regular
playroom but people are going to go
crazy in here trying to escape they're
going to keep coming back for more we
can charge $100 per person that's so
much money yeah people are going to love
it so let's make a commercial for the
escape room and the line's going to be
out the door let's go
Karen Karen can you get the bag of
tootsy Pops from out of the pantry I
like them no Bon you haven't had dinner
yet no candy before dinner but I want
touy pumps no Bon you'll spoil your
appetite come on let's let's go
somewhere fancy for dinner how about
Olive Garden H that is pretty fancy but
I'm not hungry yet Bo you just said you
wanted Tootsie Pops I don't eat Tootsie
Pops because I'm hungry I eat them
because they taste good and I like them
well come on Buie let's go out to dinner
okay but let me check the sports
highlights first I don't want to do this
Cody say the thing it's offensive do it
hi it's me no say how they start their
sentences what the thing oh ARA it's me
elch o I'm currently in Maximum Security
Prison but it's still not as hard to
escape as jeffy's escape room you would
have to get help from the cartels to
escape they would have to dig a tunnel
to get you out that's just how hard it
is to escape from jeffy's Escape room so
come on down to jeffy's escape room and
try to escape it's this is brought to
you by El Chapo I am not El Chapo yes
you are not not going to believe us I
don't want El Chapo to be mad at me
Junior they cut people's heads off with
chains sace chains sace Junior oh my God
Karen Karen Karen did you see that that
escape room says it's so hard even El
Choo couldn't get out of there let's go
do it no come on bony I'm hungry let's
go out to dinner oh come on Karen one
quick escape room and then we can just
go to dinner Bo those Escape rooms take
like an hour not with me I'm an escape
master I escape from my last marriage
and if I can escape from that I can
escape anything come on it take like 10
minutes oh fine bony only if it takes 10
minutes come on let's go no Karen I'm so
excited for this escape room I'm going
to escape the [ __ ] out of this room oh
boy I'm so hungry don't worry your
hunger is going to be quenched with
Escape see Karen it's already scary what
do you guys want uh we're here for the
escape room what the the escape room oh
that that would be 100 bucks each damn
Bo that's way too much money oh don't
worry Karen that just means it's going
to be a really good escape room but bu
what about our dinner we're going to eat
this escape room right up Karen all
right come in I guess okay get in there
wait this is the escape room yep well
what's the theme my bedroom well what
are the rules well if you see a crusty
sock in there don't touch it okay well
it's not very scary it's terrifying come
on Karen we got this you got 1 hour to
try to get out oh this is going to be a
piece of cake ooh it looks like a little
kid's bedroom it is a little kid's
bedroom Bo any questions can we escape
out the window no
let the escaping begin oh look Karen
this must be the first clue doooo
kangaroo H that rhymes and look at these
these must be the dooos but look there's
also Donuts quick Ken count the donuts 1
2 3 4 5 there's five donuts and I have
five fingers that must mean that I can
use my fingers to open the door I got it
I told you Karen we'd get out of here in
less than 10
minutes damn
it a [ __ ] it's not working I don't know
why I thought it would be that easy El
Chapo would have figured that out all
right Karen there must be more clues
around here somewhere we have five
donuts and look there's four Donuts on
this thing and look Karen a magic eight
ball 548 that must be some kind of code
hm oh the microwave maybe I can put in
548 548 that's a sticker Bo open the
microwave oh good idea Karen let me see
what's in there it's a watch oh what
time is on the watch it's
548 okay 548 that must be the code let
me try it again 548 it's still a sticker
damn it but 548 that's a time that must
mean that it's time for us to leave let
me try the door again oh damn it come on
548 is that right is that the code I I
don't really see a place to put in a
code around here so is it
548 damn it I guess they don't give
Clues come on Karen there has to be more
clues around here somewhere and you have
to help if you want to go to dinner okay
fine Bo okay what do we have we have 548
H or 854 or 845 oh Bo try opening the
oven door oh my God Karen you're right
what's in there oh my God Karen there's
a pizza in there and it has four slices
so that's
5484 oh Bonnie look the oven set to 350
oh my God Karen you're right it is so
that's 5484 350 that's seven digits that
could be a phone number we should call
it but B I don't think we can use our
phones in here no Karen the Only Rule is
that we're not allowed to touch the sock
we can use phone so I'm going to call it
548 4350
Karen it's ringing but B how do you know
you got the numbers on the right order
because that's the order we found them
in duh hello who is this why you call
this number where you want yes are you
part of the escape room did I win what
the [ __ ] you talking about is the code
548 4350 that's my phone number yes did
I win don't call this number no more H
don't call this number no more see
that's a double negative that means he
does want us to call him again I'm going
to call him again what the [ __ ] you want
yes if I can just get the code I can win
[ __ ] off hm [ __ ] off that has seven
letters and 7 8 9 6 was afraid of seven
because 789 and there's a pizza in the
oven and you can eat pizza no Bon you
can't eat that pizza it's a toy yes
that's right this pizza is fake and
there's four letters in fake that means
the four is fake we shouldn't use the
four hm actually you you know what I
think I'm actually going to go beg for a
clue to make sure we're not totally off
track here wait but B look over there it
says step two oh my God Karen you're
right this is step two so what was step
one I'm going to go ask what step one
was hey I desperately have a question
what do you want you give up yet not a
chance but I found step two and I was
just wondering what step one was getting
in the room oh of course of course of
course of course that is the first thing
we did all right Karen so we were kind
of on the right track but we got the
numbers out of order so the new code is
35084 wait a minute there's one bowling
pin so that means the new code is
3501 184 and what's this under the four
donut it's twister oh Karen this has got
a lot more complicated boy I'm so hungry
come on help me with twister yeah okay
Karen do you notice anything weird about
twister well there's four colors Bo
that's right there's green yellow blue
and red and look at that Karen look
there's four colors on those donuts red
green blue and purple but there's no
yellow but there is purple that must
mean the code is purple or yellow oh
Bonnie look over there that Scooter's
purple you're right and that bowling pin
is yellow so that must mean we have to
ride that purple scooter into the door
while holding the yellow bowling pin
that must be the code come on
Karen Jeffy what are you doing nothing
why are you grabbing your door handle
I'm not why don't you go in your room
don't want to are you locked out of your
room no then why don't you go in it cuz
I don't want to Jeffy listen I was
coming here to talk to you because I
know you want a new cat piano and we
just don't have a lot of money right now
and I was just oh you know just letting
you know that maybe I could buy you a
new cat piano if you just be good for
like a week too hard what do you mean
too hard JY why are you grabbing your
door handle I'm not what's in your room
nothing I want to check no no you're not
allowed why because I don't want you to
what's in the room nothing Jeffy open
the door right now but get out of the
way no daddy no all right Karen Let's
Escape this [ __ ] like El Chapo what's
going on in here [ __ ] yeah we did it we
won [ __ ] yeah what is going on Marvin
your son makes the best escape rooms I'm
not going to lie it was kind of hard but
he didn't know I'm the master of Escape
I'm like Houdini I can get out of
anything what are you talking about here
you can keep your stupid [ __ ] bowling
pin but I'm keeping the scooter cuz I
get out in like 3 minutes come on Karen
let's go to Olive Garden yay Olive got
it I really have no idea what you guys
are even talking about [ __ ] yeah
[Music]
m