officers get in here what's wrong sir
it's time to give you your Christmas
bonuses oh great I can finally afford
Christmas presents and I can finally get
me a motorcycle uh sir I think you made
a mistake this says 25 not 2500 well
that's because you boys haven't been
making enough arrests wait so we get
paid depending on how many arrests we
make yeah from the courthouses and all
that well we didn't know that well if
you boys made more arrests you'd get
more money but but we have to get money
ahead of Christmas I'll tell you what
whoever can make the most to rest by the
end of the night gets twenty thousand
dollars as a Christmas bonus I think I
can get more rest than you I can get
more rest than you you're right
I'm coming
hello hey hey is that your car over
there parked in the road uh that's
jeffy's car yeah well that that is
 up that is stuff that you think
it's okay to do that because that's
illegal it's illegal to park in the road
yeah you bet your ass it is you you have
a driveway for a reason you park there
okay because like what if a fire truck
needs to come because there's a fire and
it can't park there because there's a
car there huh like what if your neighbor
across the street that like their house
is on fire and it's burning down and
then it burns all the way down and all
the kittens died because the fire truck
couldn't park there to put the fire out
because the car's there I I just thought
it was illegal to park in front of a
fire hydrant oh yeah oh yeah smart ass
was coming would they come come look
what's that what do you call that a fire
hydrant yeah and look where he's parked
right over there now that's so far away
yeah do you know how big a fire truck is
it's like 100 feet long and if it has a
ladder on it it's even bigger so they'd
have to park like right here and then
they'd have to run the hose from here
all the way around their truck and his
car to put the fire out over there I bet
you didn't even think about that did you
okay look I'll just get Jeffy to move
the car no no it's too late now he
already broke the law I might have to
arrest him I'll rust him over the way
his car is parked yeah yeah so where is
he he's upstairs well let's go talk to
him
all right Officer he's right here hey
you what what are you doing riding my
imaginary Pony well stop it because I
have a question for you huh is that your
car out there on the road yeah you're
under arrest hey What's Going On Marvin
what's happening he's arresting Jeffy
for parking in the road because that's
illegal apparently
well you just made a big mistake
confessing to that because that's
illegal it's Diet Coke I don't care if
it's better for you it's still illegal
it's a schedule to drug you're under
arrest for what for having and doing
coke now get on top of him don't worry
and what's that over there on your plate
is that weed no
no yeah like the devil's lettuce you get
a medical card for that no well you're
under arrest too and what's that Canada
Dry you're not even a U.S citizen you're
from Canada let me see your papers I
don't have money well then you're double
arrested get over here and get on top of
both of them all right now I'm going to
read you your rights you have the right
to remain silent you have the right to
remain silent and you have the right to
remain silent if you can't afford an
attorney one will be appointed to you if
you can't afford an attorney one will be
appointed to you and if you can't afford
an attorney one will be appointed to you
you get an attorney you get an attorney
you get an attorney everybody gets
attorneys look under your seat it's an
attorney now you you on the bottom you
piggyback everybody in the car yes sir
get in there
well I just got three arrests just like
that suck that Simmons yeah suck it look
Danny he's riding an imaginary Pony too
foreign
in this house I can arrest okay guys are
you ready to play let me shoot you in
the face with my Nerf gun how is this
supposed to be fun well Joseph rolls
those Dice and whatever number it lands
on that's how many times they get to
shoot you in the face dude I love this
game all right Joseph roll the dice
Don't Mind If I Do dude
damn it all right Cody I'm about to
shoot you eight times like 50 cents uh
that was nine times dude
what the what's going on here the cops
what are you doing here is that a gun uh
it's a Nerf gun do you have a permit for
that no get on the ground you're under
arrest this is ridiculous it's a Nerf
gun shut up you dude let's see how many
years of prison you get
oh dang 11. you going down bro don't you
shooting guys you're no rest here that's
illegal you're gambling get on top of
him oh okay even this discrimination
wait wait that's how we're doing this uh
officer what do I have to do to you to
get in that pile that's bribery you're
under arrest too get on top of them I'm
actually gonna just squeeze them in the
middle oh there we go all right all
three of you under arrest come to my car
what okay who else can I arrest in this
house hey mate can you get the door
what's Simmons what the hell are you
doing here this is my house your house
yeah I've already arrested people here
it's off limits I already claimed it
well I just arrested three people right
here well I just arrested three people
well looks like it's hard mate Simmons
I'm getting that twenty thousand dollars
I need it more than you do I have child
support I have an ugly ex-wife I have an
ugly current wife well I want a
motorcycle you don't even have legs
Simmons you just gotta slide off listen
this house is off limits you take these
three to your car and then don't come
back
stupid Simmons this is my house come on
you stupid Box open
freeze you're under arrest oh for what
you're a serial killer oh haha I get it
no no really you're under arrest for
stabbing the cereal box it's illegal
it's not illegal yeah and what do you
think a serial killer is huh and eating
cookies for breakfast that that that's
just absurd you should have like eggs
and toast or something there's a bunch
of crimes going on here get on the
ground you have to like to remain silent
okay
did I just hear you say you killed 10
people yeah it's about to be 11 too oh
man you kill me boo I'm gonna come to
your house I'm gonna kill your daddy and
bang your mama and then I'm gonna marry
your mama I'm gonna become your step
daddy we gonna have some kids and then
I'm gonna keep banging your mama I just
heard you admit to a lot of crime so
you're under arrest
but what if I snitch on my friends
that depends on how many people I can
arrest well see let me tell you about my
boy pookie he goes up to the post office
he'd be mailing some letters without any
stamps on them see how he gets away with
it is is he puts the address where he
wants it to go that's the return address
so when they send it back for you to pay
for some posters he he ain't gonna pay
for it and he goes where it's supposed
to go huh that that's actually a really
good idea well let me tell you about my
boy doodle ass see what he do is he goes
up into the restaurants where he works
and he ain't wash his hands that's
really concerning with the name like
doo-doo ass yeah it sure is anyway when
people pay with cash what he does is he
put the cash up in his pocket and then
he tells the owner that they died and
dash okay well I will definitely look
into doodoo ass man I wouldn't do that
because you won't get some pink eye but
let me tell you about my boy stank
breath what he do is he goes up into the
dinner's office and he steals a little
free toothbrushes they've been giving to
people who get their tips clean and then
he goes out front of the Dollar Tree and
then sells them for a dollar wait wait
if he's stealing toothbrushes why is he
called stank breath well because he's
selling them he ain't using them okay
well is there anybody else yeah my boy
Stephen that's the first first normal
name I've heard yeah let me tell you
what he'd be doing he dressed up in some
camo frog and he goes around and get
some military discounts and in the
products that he gets to military
discounts on he sells it and then he
keeps the moon okay well you've given me
a lot of useful tips but I'm still
arresting you oh man you don't turn me
into a snitch snip okay well you're
still under arrest come on
[Music]
buddy how's it going I have something I
have to show you I shoot booby on an
action sketch so what that's indecent
exposure you're going to jail oh I like
it you want to play cops and rubbish not
really oh okay you're young all right
put your hands behind your back you're
going to jail buddy yeah sure all right
go to my squad car I gotta take care of
your mother is that my big sexy hunk of
a man Simmons right here man oh Simmons
I missed us and I also put up my
Christmas tree I also hung the stockings
but there's just one thing missing
someone to stuff my stockings well I can
do that for you man oh no Simmons is
there something on your shirt we might
need to get that off for you you know
man that's assaulting a police officer
oh no Mr police officer mans please
don't have your way with me well that's
up to the judge to decide in the bedroom
oh no let's go all right all right all I
have to do now is arrest Jonathan and my
mom and then I'll have seven arrests
there's no way someone says that many
uh hello oh hey Mike what Simmons what
the hell are you doing here oh I was
bouncing around in your mom's kangaroo
pouch she called me her little Joey but
I think I'm more of an average sized
Joey what do you think Mike what you
Simmons ew look just let me arrest
Jonathan to my mom too late mate your
mom's already handcuffed to the bed
okay well fine just let me arrest
Jonathan then no I already got him too I
arrested him for drawing boobies on a
ninja sketch damn it well how many
arrests do you have now uh five well I
have five how are we still tie I don't
know mate oh no Simmons it's almost
midnight we have to get back to the
office but we're still Todd well not
after I arrest you for indecent exposure
because you're naked in public like what
what if a family walks by that's illegal
you're under arrest well what if I
arrest you because I'm here banging your
mom so that technically makes me your
stepdad and I own the place and you're
trespassing it's all you're under arrest
no you're under arrest
it was seven Simmons that touched me I'm
gonna need you to put clothes on before
we do this all right
what is taking him so long oh sorry mate
your mom wanted another round of Simmons
says Simmons says suck it I don't need
to know this Simmons you're under arrest
put your arms behind your back so I can
arrest you yeah you put your own spot on
your back so I can Rush too no you boys
boys what's going on here
I don't want to hear it what matters is
how many arrests did you make well I
made five arrests I'm in fog arrest well
actually six if you kept me winning
because I'm On Top okay well I guess I
know who the winner is but how it seems
like a tie to me unless you count me
winning oh we can split the money I'll
get ten thousand and you get ten
thousand no actually you know what what
Willy wet willy wet willy no I know who
the winner is well who is it it's
Lieutenant cuddlesworth what the
does he need twenty thousand dollars for
he can't ride a motorcycle and he
doesn't have to even pay child support
how many arrests did he make officer
Carlos worth made a whopping 15 arrests
here's your money boy
damn it Simmons we shouldn't have let
money come between us yeah I'm sorry
mate I just really wanted a motorcycle
friends friends now let's take that
money anyway because he's a dog what's
even gonna do with it
wow
[Music]
foreign
[Music]