hey Mommy and Daddy Let's Play quick
game at Jeffy says whatever Jeffy says
you have to do it I'm not playing this
game come on Marvin it'll be fun he's
gonna make us do something stupid no he
won't and your loser has to pay me 100
bucks what Jeffy says raise your left
hand Jeffy says put it down Jeffy says
go
Debbie says go
here we go Jeffy say peepee
Jeffy says give me 50 bucks what no
Jeffy do you want to lose you have to
pay me a hundred
Jeffy says jump up and down
Jeffrey said yeah keep doing that
I'm getting tired Jeffy okay stop oh
thank God oh you lose you lose Marvin
you have to pay him a hundred bucks
why'd I lose because I didn't say Jeffy
said stop doing that and you stopped
before I did that but I thought I was
supposed to do everything you said and I
did what you said and well now you gotta
give me a hundred bucks
here's your 100 Jeffy leave
he just made 200 he just conned us out
of 200 I'm tired my phone's ringing
hello hey Marvin what Goodman why are
you calling me I was calling because I
wanted to see if you had your house
payment this month before I drove all
the way over to your house just for you
to tell me no because this is becoming a
common Trend with you well I don't have
my house payment this month but because
I gave my son 150 dollars
Marvin I need you to come over to my
house right now what for what I need you
to come over to my house don't ask
questions Marvin I'll send you the
address okay who is that Marvin it's a
Goodman he wants me to come to his house
why he's probably gonna yell at me so
just I'll be back okay uh I think this
is the right house
yes hello
um Goodman wanted to see me
good he's in the living room please go
take a seat okay
this is a really nice house uh excuse me
ma'am have you seen Goodman anymore but
Goodman why are you dress like a woman
I'm not Mr Goodman I'm Mrs Goodman as
evidenced by the tits oh you want to
squeeze them well no no no no I don't
want to squeeze oh come on Marvin I can
tell you on a squeeze him no I really
don't they're brand new and they're fake
Dr Burton did the job that's that that's
really nice but I'm just here to talk to
Goodman which Marvin you've been playing
cat and mouse with me ever since you got
here at least feel them do I have to I
insist
I mean they are really nice Marvin are
you in here touching my wife's boobies
good man I thought you were
leaving she she told me to do it I
didn't honey he's a pervert Morgan you
get the hell out of my house before I
call the cops I thought you wanted to
talk to me that was before you assaulted
my wife now get out okay hey Marvin did
Goodman yell at you oh yeah you did why
uh because I'm late on my house payment
but you're always late on the house
payment you know he always gets mad
that's just more than I cannot believe
you I cannot believe what you did why
are you so upset he's always late on the
house payment it's not about the house
payment it's about him squeezing my
wife's big fake titties what what are
you talking about oh yeah I invited
Marvin over to my house because I was
gonna lower his monthly house payment
and you know what he did I walked into
my living room and there he was
squeezing my wife's big fake boobs he
was squeezing them so hard I think he
partially deflated him it was like he
was milking a cow
well I thought it was a man
I didn't do anything to you you didn't
do anything to you but he did a whole
lot to my wife's big fake left hip right
I can't believe
it on me I didn't cheat on you she asked
me to do it
don't do it that's not cheap
but what if you thought the the girl the
man with a girl
Marvin my wife would never ask you to do
anything like that she's only loyal to
me do you know how much plastic surgery
I paid for for her to look just like me
because is the only thing that is
attracted to me is myself those kids
cost me 20 grand Marvin will you guys
want me what do you want me to do what
do you all want me to do
you go you want me to apologize to her
for what yes I think that's a perfect
idea Marvin you will apologize to my
wife for assaulting her well I didn't
assault
over there right
right
okay fine I'll apologize to her okay
that'll make everyone happy okay oh let
her know that you're on the way I'm
gonna go apologize
okay
I can't believe I have to do this
hello uh Hey Goodman said that you had
something to tell me uh I'm sorry for
touching your boobies it's okay come
here give me a hug no I don't
[Applause]
horndog what a goddammit did you
apologize Marvin yes I did and what did
she say she gave me a hug oh that's so
sweet damn it I cannot believe what you
did this time what happened now but now
oh I'll give you a hint I picked up
Marvin a sailor hat now why would I get
Marvin a sailor hat let's think about it
maybe because when he came over to my
house to apologize to my wife I caught
him motorboating her titties what do you
mean I'll tell you exactly what I mean
two giant cans and he stuck his face
between some and shook his head
violently and went
like a motorboat
that's Captain Marvin now where are your
sailor hats Hello Alex that is not what
happened okay I apologize to his wife
she gave me a hug and my face went
between her boobs doesn't happen on
accident well you haven't seen how big
they are
they're huge well listen it was an
accident you know
act with your face between boobies and
go
and get that noise yes you did Marvin
you need help I agree you need
professional help Marvin what kind of
help do I need we're going to be
counseling
I had a check on my wife
therapist I didn't do anything oh hey
there somebody called a massage
therapist no we called a marriage
therapist oh well you can see my
confusion you know marriage therapists
massage therapist they sound pretty
similar but hey I can do both how about
we just get massages because we don't
have marriage problems no Marvin you
need help wait a minute if you're gonna
give us massages why are you in a robe
oh well I saw some videos online with a
massage starts and then things start to
get steamy and I heard a woman's voice
on the phone so I thought maybe my
fantasies were coming true but I guess
that's not happening so I can help you
with your marriage well we don't have
marriage problems yes we do oh I have an
idea how about you give me a massage and
I help you with your marriage I'm not
giving you a massage no Marvin I think
you should since you enjoy touching
women so much you should try touching
men man that one over there go oh okay
fine I'll give a massage that'll make
you happy but really okay right there
you feel that knot yeah it's all my
stress oh okay it's good yeah so what's
going on my husband cheating on me oh
good no no not good like good like he's
doing a good job with a massage so he's
cheating on you I called him
oh yeah oh you're not oh yeah like oh
yeah like the massage so he cheated on
you twice evidently she has big kids oh
nice no not nice the cans nice to the
massage he's just doing okay that's
that's my butt you're massaging my butt
hold on let me roll over get my pecs
there you go a little bit lower a little
lower lower what is that I pulled it a
Sean Watson on you listen just answer
her marriage questions okay so he's
cheating on you with a woman with big
hands right yes have you ever considered
getting a surgery so you have big cams
no well maybe you should consider that
listen I did not cheat on her and I'll
tell you what happened so my there's
this guy I owe money to and I went over
to his house and I saw his wife and she
asked me to grab her boobs so I did but
I thought it was a man okay yeah I can
see why that might cause problems for
your relationship but I thought it was a
man and she asked me to do it so you
just do whatever somebody asks you to do
like what if somebody asked your wife to
grab their wiener and cheated it you
wouldn't like that right but that would
be wrong mine wasn't wrong because I
thought it was a man okay I see what's
going on here you're a manipulator see
when you do it it's not wrong but when
she does it it's wrong but the Mind
wasn't wrong if you weren't there you
should have been there okay hold on I
have an idea okay now I'm dressed like a
woman with big cans why to teach you to
control yourself so you don't want to
grab my motorboat I don't want to do
that good that's a start what did you
make them out of oh I used balloons and
then I use Tic Tacs for the nipples
those are Tic Tacs yeah go ahead and
touch them gotcha
or Tic Tac that one to see if they were
oh the wandering mind what if a girl
tells you she's not wearing underwear
you're gonna check but no listen baby
you know that's a broken guy dressed
like a woman I just wanted to see if
they were Tic Tac look I have an idea
why don't I just call Goodman's wife
tell her to come over you guys hide and
you see if she comes on to me or not oh
you just want to see your girlfriend no
no I think this is a good idea to see if
he's telling the truth yeah and I will
be telling the truth and how about this
if I'm lying you can divorce me okay
Marvin okay that's a deal so guys hide
I'm gonna call the wife oh come on
Goodman answer what do you want Marvin
oh hey Goodman listen I have a plan to
prove to you that I wasn't doing what
you thought I did with your wife I
witnessed it with my own two eyes Marvin
but listen she came on to me but I have
an idea how about you come over and you
hide and then we invite your wife over
and then when she comes over you can
hide and see that she tries to come on
to me and you'll know I'm not lying you
just want to squeeze him again no no
listen if I'm lying if she hasn't tried
to come on to me I'll I'll be homeless
I'll live on the street
okay Marvin I guess I'll come over and
then I'll call my wife and tell her to
come over a few minutes later okay good
all right this is gonna work all right
Margaret where do you want me to hide uh
hide over there okay my wife will be
here any minute
come on Marvin you got this oh Marvin
Marvin where are you big boy I'm right
here oh hey Marvin you called me over
yeah I just wanted to talk did you miss
him what the jugulars did you miss them
no I didn't miss them you miss how they
felt on your face no get over here and
smell them what just smell them come
here uh listen I just want to talk oh
okay well how about before we talk you
bounce on them bounce on them bounce on
them like a trampoline
yeah there you go like Cirque du Soleil
oh good man it's not what it looks like
he can't more than me no I heard the
whole thing and now you're on out on the
streets because you signed a prenup
sorry I ever doubted you Marvin I told
you I never did anything wrong you know
what this month you don't owe a house
payment thank you so much Goodman Thank
You Marvin you work truth yeah he was
those cans were huge I would have
squeezed them I mean good job not
cheating on your wife or whatever Marvin
I'm so sorry for getting mad at you it's
okay baby yeah I guess I didn't have to
dress like this after all but since I am
dressed like this I guess I can earn a
little extra money you know give some
massages with happy endings and it's not
gay if I use my hands
shut up
[Music]