boydy do you know what today is uh my
last off day before I have to work
tomorrow nobody today is your daughter's
birthday no it's not didn't she just
have a birthday that was a year ago
Boyne there's no way it's her birthday
hey Dad what are we doing for my
birthday today oh my God you were
serious uh you know like big birthday
stuff oh my God
I didn't forget I I never forget your
birthday then where's my birthday cake
uh I I I have I have it I definitely
have it it's it's in the fridge over
there just um give me like 15 minutes to
20 with traffic
foreign
God I hate Walmart now it's all
self-checkout you know I already have
enough jobs I shouldn't have to check
out my own groceries and then when you
go to leave there's somebody there to
check your receipt like yeah I'm gonna
steal a 10 cake they hire somebody to
check your receipt but not to check you
out that makes a lot of damn sense not
that this has anything to do with your
cake because I got that out of the
fridge but what took so long was there
was a train in front of the fridge a 180
car train and also I had to decorate it
so there's that happy birth pen Lobby uh
yeah I ran out of room dad that's not
spell my name yeah I just did don't
worry about it just look how pretty your
cake is Dad how old am I uh yeah yeah
you know Penelope it's rude to ask a
lady your age but I'm not asking a lady
I'm asking my dad my age uh we'll just
count the number of candles that's how
old you are there's ten you think I'm
ten I think you're a 10 out of 10
daughter I can't believe you forgot my
age my age Dad hey I didn't I didn't
forget your how old you feel I mean
that's really what matters look let's
just sing happy birthday happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday pet Lobby happy birthday to you
okay blow out your candles make a wish I
wish my dad wouldn't lie for a whole day
okay well that was a stupid wish I mean
you know I'm a liar I bought this cake
from Walmart because I obviously forgot
your birthday I I don't know why I just
said that did you get me any presents
Dad no I'm a cheapskate you know I don't
get your presents your cake is your
present eat it why am I saying these
things what is wrong with me why would I
say those things Whitney how can you say
those amazing
daughter like I don't know I mean they
were true but I just felt like I
couldn't lie boy name baby get just
stressed out do you want to fool around
no I'm not attracted to you I I mean I
can't with my eyes and think about other
people like last night I thought about
you being the girl in The Taco Bell
drive-through and she really wasn't even
that attractive she was just more
attractive than you uh you know what I'm
actually gonna go to work early that's
the truth I'm gonna go do doctor things
hey everybody doctor what are you doing
here you're not supposed to work tonight
yeah I just didn't want to have sex with
my wife so I thought I'd come here and
get some overtime hours uh hey Luke how
you doing
how is he he's not gonna make it past
tomorrow I know hey doctor will I live
to see my birthday
um when's your birthday in two days no
no you're gonna die tomorrow doctor what
are you doing what are you doing I'm
sorry I just can't lie you doctor is my
son gonna be okay no but you have used
boobs and I really want to squeeze them
doctor get out of here I'm sorry I'm
sorry you're right I'm sorry ma'am we're
doing everything we can to save your son
but your son's still gonna die so can I
please squeeze your boobs I'm gonna
close my eyes and think about you when
I'm making my wife tomorrow doctor get
out okay yes I'm sorry stupid stupid
what is wrong with me today why can't I
lie doctor what is the matter with you
that was so inappropriate back there yes
I know I'm sorry Nurse Jackie I don't
know what's going on with me I just
can't lie today so you do want to grab
that woman's breast duh of course I want
to grab them they're huge did you see
him I want to grab him I want to squeeze
them suck on them
cell together you have to make it up to
that kid back in there yeah yeah you're
right you're right I'm a professional I
can do this uh I'll dress up like
Spider-Man kids love Spider-Man good
thinking doctor hey Luke today you're
gonna have a special visitor is it
someone with a cure for my cancer
um not exactly hey there Luke it's me
the doctor
um I think you meant hey Luke look it's
me Spiderman nope Spider-Man's not real
I'm the doctor and I'm dressed like this
because you're gonna die doctor oh
you're not the real Spiderman nope see
it's me the doctor and your mom has
really big cans and I just love to
squeeze them
foreign
I'm just I'm gonna go I'm I'm sorry I'm
gonna I'm gonna go okay so for some
reason I can't lie so being a doctor is
kind of hard but being a cop should be
easy because cops are supposed to be
honest you know protect and serve and
all that so this shouldn't be too bad oh
my God that guy's doing way too fast I
gotta pull that guy over
hey there sir you know how fast you were
going oh I'm sorry Mr Officer see my
wife she's in the hospital and I'm
trying to make it there I don't believe
you do you have any drugs in the car
whoa why don't you say something like
that cause I'm black yeah yeah it is I'm
racial profiling I knew it I'm sorry you
can go I'm sorry have a nice day no I
want to speak to you all police manager
guy did you racially profile a black man
during a traffic stop yes I did I do it
all the time God you're not supposed to
be honest about it what's wrong with you
I don't know sir I just can't lie for
some reason well you can't be your cop
until you get that straightened out take
some time off
I can't take some time off I need the
money and I have a drinking problem and
I have to be able to afford my booze
okay maybe I'll try my lawyer job okay
so I read your case and it says you're
being accused of trying to kidnap a girl
yeah uh-huh that was me I did that
guilty as [ __ ] I I really wish you
hadn't told me that well I want you to
get me off and I don't want you to win
the case wait so you want me to lie yes
do your job okay I I will do my best all
right
[Music]
Mr screwball here I wasn't calling
attendance I'm sorry you are being
accused of trying to kidnap a child how
do you bleed not guilty
seems very believable I suppose I'll
have to ask the victim Jenny wobble
knees Jenny Wales did this clown try to
kidnap you yes that's the mean clown
that tried to kidnap me well I can't
believe you you're a child and your
knees are quite wobbly I suppose I have
no choice but to declare Mr screwball
Innocent but first I will ask your
attorney do you think screwball is
guilty uh yeah you do know that if you
say not guilty I will find him innocent
and you will win this case no yeah I
know that but like I know he's guilty I
mean he told me he did it so I know he's
guilty what are you doing you're
supposed to lie excuse me but what yeah
yeah I think he's guilty he's really
guilty okay then well I suppose I find
screwball guilty I sentence you to a
year in prison you're the worst lawyer
ever you're supposed to lie yeah yeah I
know I just I can't lie today for some
reason but I mean you do deserve to be
in jail you are a terrible person
okay I'm gonna try my firefighting job
because there's no reason why not being
able to lie should be a problem here hey
mate there's a house on fire we gotta go
quick okay okay let's go let's go
someone please help don't worry ma'am
we're here
oh my God that that is an Inferno
oh it's you booby lady I want to squeeze
him no
I want to do that
because I'm scared I I don't want to die
your sons are dead
um
[Music]
he's handing the pizza and they hand me
the money it's that easy I can do this
Marvin where's that pizza we ordered I'm
starving it'll be here any minute baby
Pizza there's someone at the door that
might be the pizza hello hey I got your
pizza I scratched my balls and picked a
few pepperonis off and ate them on the
way over here but they were still pretty
good that'll be 20 bucks uh here's 20
um no tip no I don't have anything for
tip is that okay no no I'm I'm actually
pretty pissed off about that I have a
family to feed I have a drinking problem
I'm not sexually attracted to my wife
anymore and I let two kids die today so
it's been pretty rough honestly well do
you want to come inside and eat some
pizza yes yes I would like that very
much thank you all right you can put the
pizza right there Marvin what is the
pizza it's a man doing here he was
really sad so I offered him some pizza
we don't have enough Pizza to share
Jiffy eats half a pizza just to himself
that's right Mommy
ew I'll show you which pieces it was
this one and this one oh and over here I
tried one of the pepperonis and it was
too chewy so he spit it back out onto
the pizza nope nope I'm good I don't
I'm sorry if I'm being overly honest I
just can't lie today but you can't lie
no I've been trying all day and I just
can't lie for some reason you can't tell
a single lie no nothing you've got to be
able to lie grab that pin right there
what uh this one yeah say that pin is
red oh okay this pen is
okay this pen is
okay the pen that I hold in my hand is
real blue the goddamn pen is blue oh God
I can't lie when did this start
happening I don't know it was like
earlier today it was my daughter's
birthday oh my God that's it my daughter
wished for her birthday that I couldn't
lie for a whole day so I mean I guess I
could probably just wait till tomorrow
and then start lying my ass off but I
wanna lie now how can you reverse it um
oh I know I'll get my daughter over here
and then get her a new birthday cake and
then whenever she blows out the candle
she can wish for me to lie again okay
I'll call her right now dad you called
me here to this random person's house
yeah Penelope I got you another birthday
cake why uh well you wish came true and
it's ruining my life wish what wish well
you wish that I couldn't lie for a whole
day and now I can't you can't lie this
is the best day ever have you been
saving up for my college no I spend the
money on stuff I want okay well do you
love me
um kind of sometimes I mean sometimes I
regret having you because you remind me
so much of your mother but hey don't
worry about that just blow out your
candle make another wish I need for you
to wish that I can lie why would I want
you to start lying well Penelope I need
to do it for my jobs okay it comes in
handy way more than you think uh fine I
wish my dad would start lying again
okay okay good good good let me try it
out let me try it out this pen is
what the hell Penelope well I said it
but I didn't mean it that's gay come on
come on here okay I'm gonna light it
again light it light this candle again
and I need you to blow it out and this
time I need you to mean it okay okay I
wish my dad could lie again
okay okay this pen is really
on Penelope you got three and a half
hours left in the day Dad okay you know
what fine I'm just gonna go to bed for
the rest of the day and I'm gonna lie
tomorrow I'm gonna lie to everybody
[Music]