all right Jeffy me and Mommy are going
out to eat and we're going to leave you
home alone so don't make a mess okay all
right daddy be safe
Jeffy all right gone all right since my
mommy and daddy aren't here I get to
watch a TV show they told me not to
watch oh yeah you know what you're doing
oh yeah keep doing that we forgot our
keys Jeffy we told you not to watch this
TV show Marvin Jeffy we said do not
watch Pogo sticky videos because you're
don't want to start poo sticking and poo
sticking is dangerous Marvin Jeffy needs
to watch more educational TV shows yes
he does like woa the Explorer why yet
it's a very educational TV show that you
need to watch and we're going to watch
it with him as a family we're not going
out to eat
anymore hola my name is woa I'm an
Explorer what's your name a this is fun
Jeffy tell her your name it's a TV mommy
she can't hear me Jeffy tell her your
name fine my name name is hippo butthole
that's a cool name my parents don't
supervise me do you want to go on an
adventure with me no Jeffy be nice great
but we can't go on an adventure without
my friend sandals the monkey can you
help me find him he's behind the tree
where is he I said he's behind the tree
but you can't hear me cuz it's a TV
where say it louder Jeffy maybe she
didn't hear you he's behind the tree
where the tree behind the tree where I
swear to God if you say we one more time
I'm going to lose my J calm down but
he's behind the tree Daddy I know he's
behind the tree where oh my god daddy
take me to the Jungle because I'm going
to strangle her well Jeffy just calm
down say it one more time maybe she'll
hear you this time but the monkey is
right behind you where I literally can't
help you it's right there it's not my
thought you can't see it dang she's
blind legally
blind oh there he is thank you for
helping me find him now we can go on our
adventure thank God thank God D we
finally get to go on your stupid
Adventure okay just calm down Jeffy just
watch the show wait we can't go on an
adventure without my binoculars can you
help me find my
binoculars this [ __ ] again Jeffy
language help her find a binoc they're
around her neck like my hands are going
to be when I'm strangling her Jeffy tell
her where they're at around your neck
where are they no way no way is she this
dumb
where
where where I'm not even going to help
her I'm just going to let the monkey do
it this time where could they be ow it's
not polite to hit sandals that monkey
has more patience than me cuz I would
have slapped her a long time ago oh
there's they are now let's go on our
adventure finally now we can go on this
dumb Adventure it better be worth it to
start our adventure we have to find out
where we're going Let's Ask Google Maps
Google Maps Google Maps Google Maps
Google Maps Google Maps I know where
we're going first we go through the
rabies Batcave and then we sneak through
the sneaky snake pit and finally we get
to the poison ivy River
that sounds scary I hope she dies Jiffy
let's
go window windowa windowa the Explorer
hey there oh no it's killer the lion can
you help me stop him from killing us say
it with me killer no killing kill her
please kill her Jeffy stop it no killing
all RS you said it three times now I
can't kill you yay we did it we did it
we did it yay oh wait words can't stop
me from killing
you help me Jesus Christ for Wenda thank
God Jeffy she was the most annoying
person on TV I really hope she's okay
look the
news breaking news famous television
actress wind DOA is thought to have been
killed by a lion on National Television
her partner sandals the monkey has a
shock [ __ ] interview now let's go to
that truly devastating there is a jungle
wide search for woa and if you find her
alive the police are offering a $20,000
reward man I really hope they find her
$20,000 D I can go find her no Jeffy
you're not going out in the woods
there's Lions out there and it's
dangerous you're staying inside all
right
daddy oh man this Five Guys burger is so
good hey junior did you see what
happened to woa yeah she got ate by that
Li it was so sick yeah did you also see
that they're offering a $20,000 reward
if we find her if we find her in the
woods yeah so I was coming to see if you
wanted to help me find her oh yeah let's
go in the wood and try to find her all
right let's go Junior all right let's go
all right Junior let's go out here and
try to find when no so we get that
reward what Jeffy why do you have to
talk like that oh cuz I'm wearing a
cowboy hat I thought that's how I had to
talk well is mine a cowboy hat um sure
well you
all right so uh let's try finding her
all right well this is a big Force Jeffy
what are the odds of finding her I don't
know dude it's going to be really hard
Jeffy what isn't that her bandana Junior
there's her binoculars oh look her
binoculars that's so cool that means
we're close to finding her Junior
there's her hand oh my God her hand her
leg oh my God Jeffy okay so obviously
she she might still be okay she she
she'll still have like her other arm and
her other leg right Junior what right
look okay okay what do we do I don't
know Junior we need to call somebody
well hold on do we still get the reward
no cuz he's dead well hold on hold on
maybe they'll give us money per part so
maybe they'll give us like $11,000 for
her leg $1,000 for her arm 10,000 for
her head yeah so let's start collecting
the pieces and see what they'll give us
all right Junior all right Jeffy here's
all the pieces we found hey Junior watch
this I'm going to give her a low five
wouldn't that be a low four cuz you guys
only have four fingers oh yep yep I
guess you're right let's go get a reward
but who do we call to get the reward I
think we call the news all right well
now go call the news hey guys did you
hear what happened to window whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa W Junior why is window is
head and body parts on your couch
because me and Jeffy became explorers
and we went in the forest and found her
so you brought the body parts back here
yep so we can get a reward what you're
not going to get a reward Junior we're
probably not going to get the full
20,000 but I was thinking we can get
10,000 for her head 1,000 for her leg
and 1,000 for her arm that's $122,000
that's $6,000 for me and Jeffy but no
you're not going to get anything because
the reward was for if she was alive no
they're going to give us something for
these body parts or we'll go elsewhere
to sell them no Junior no you're going
to go to jail but why would we go to
jail because you brought the body parts
here so it looks like you killed her
everyone knows we didn't kill her it was
the lion and I'm not lying balloon tits
Junior this is really really bad well no
it's not what was I supposed to do when
I found her you're supposed to call the
police but then they would have taken
the reward what no they would
investigate the crime scene there's
nothing to investigate because we all
saw what happened to on TV dummy J
you're just mad because you're not going
to get any of the money for finding any
of our body parts no Junior I don't want
anything to do with any of this well
okay then where do we sell the parts to
if you sa if the calling the cop's going
to get us in trouble I don't know the
black market I don't know people who buy
body parts I I will buy those binoculars
though here you want 20 bucks for them
20 bucks is that a good deal yeah so
okay you can have them oh pleasure doing
business with you now I can look inside
people's windows while they undress wait
wait wait wait do do you want her
bandanna uh no no I don't want it okay
okay I'll just take these and binocular
and go all right we made 20 bucks out
those binoculars that's $10 each Junior
heck yeah all right so let's go find a
black market to sell these body parts
cuz if we call the cops we'll get in
trouble apparently all right let's go uh
hey hey welcome to the black market we
buy illegal things what can I do for you
today we have something we think you
might like fish I'm a dolphin I eat fish
no Jeffy Show
Them Whata oh is that woa yep that is
the woa she went missing today so we
went to the forest and we found her nice
so uh you looking to sell her Pond sell
all right well the best I can do is 100
bucks 100 bucks the news said she's
worth $20,000 no that's only if she's
alive this is pretty much worthless well
no we found her head and her leg and her
arm can you at least do like 12,000 no
sorry the best I can do is 100 bucks
well I didn't know this was useless yeah
but you know if you'd have brought me
her binoculars I would have given you
$50,000 $50,000 $ for the binoculars we
had the binoculars you wish no no we
didn't we sold them for $20 yeah well
you got ripped off well why are they
worse so much well because she's dead
and they're a collector's item
apparently she only ever used one pair
of binoculars so they're worth a lot wo
W wo I promise we had them so if we can
get them back will will you will you buy
them from us yeah if you bring me those
binoculars I'll give you $50,000 Jeffy
we have to find Cody and get those
binoculars back damn right we do okay
we'll be right back wait wait wait wait
wait what what do you what do you want
to do with this oh we want to sell that
oh well here okay hey guys why'd you
call me over I was just outside playing
with my binoculars I was looking at
everything they're so cool I'll never
get rid of them well I think they're
dumb and they make your head look fat
why'd you call me over well me and Jeffy
were talking it over and we decided that
we feel bad we feel bad for ripping you
off by selling you those binoculars you
didn't rip me off yes we did $20 was way
too much to charge you for those so we
feel bad you bought them from us for $20
well we want to buy them back for $100
yeah that's an $80 profit but but I
don't want to sell these why not well
because I'm wo's biggest fan and these
are the binoculars she died with I'm not
going to get rid of these you're not
wo's biggest fan yes I am I know the
theme song and everything well well they
mean more to me and Jeffy cuz we found
them well you don't even care about woa
yes we do we care enough about her to go
look for you didn't go look for her well
no cuz I was too busy crying well that's
dumb what if we offer you $120 but no
Junior no amount of money is going to
make me give you those binoculars well
what if we trade you something cool well
what um um we we have so many cool
things to trade right Jeffy yeah we have
so many cool things um uh hold on I'm
going to grab all the cool stuff that we
can trade for those binoculars all right
Cody this is what I have to trade what
is that a mostly eaten cheeseburger not
just any mostly eaten cheeseburger a
Five Guys mostly eaten cheeseburger
Junior I want five guys but not the
restaurant but the cheeseburgers are
good I know their cheeseburgers are good
but I don't want your half eaten
cheeseburger are you sure cuz I was
going to finish this but I saved it to
trade for you well you can go ahead and
finish it cuz I don't want it
all right Jeffy get the other thing all
right this thing you can't turn down
what is that it's a to-go drink from
chilies why would I want a Togo drink
from chilies because it's a strawberry
lemonade yeah it slaps really it's empty
yeah I drank it all why would you give
me an empty to go drink from chilies
because you can go back and probably get
a refill or something I don't want it
all right Jeffy get the other thing I
really didn't want to get rid of this
but I'll do it for you who what is that
it's a half eaten uncrustable do you
have any Uncrustables that are not eaten
no I I eat about half and I stop eating
them why don't you just finish the
uncrustable because there's so much left
I get full well Junior I don't want your
half eaten uncrustable you don't want
any of this stuff no Junior why are you
just bringing me your leftover food
because it's the food that was left in
my room and Chef be will grow me if he
finds food in my room this is gross and
I don't want it I I I mean I mean if you
had like a full in crustable we'd be
talking but no I don't want this look
Cody we really need those binoculars
back well no Junior I want to keep these
binoculars breaking news sandals the
monkey has been arrested for for
allegedly hiring the lion to kill woa if
you have any evidence please turn it
into local police now oh no I have to
turn these binoculars into the police no
no you don't yes I do junior it's
evidence we'll hand them over me and
Jeffy will turn them in no I don't trust
you I'm doing it myself a we're not
going to get the money for the
binoculars oh Junior just sucks thanks
kid for turning in these binoculars it's
really going to help the investigation a
lot yeah whatever I can do to help
avenge woa all right you have a good
night did he give them to yep like
taking candy from a baby sweet now let's
go get our
$50,000 yeah all right blow hole head
here's the binoculars where's our 50
Grandin wow you actually got them here
you go sweet 25,000 each
[Music]