H still needs a few more minutes Timmy
yes mother can you take the turkey out
of the oven in 5 minutes your father and
I have to go to the store to get some
cranberry sauce a but I was about to
take a bubble bath is there any way you
can get Susie to do it no she's upstairs
playing with her cups so take out this
turkey all right yes sir we'll be back
soon if we come back and that turkey's
burnt Mister you're not getting
Christmas this year take it out in 5
minutes Timmy H 5 minutes I should have
enough time to take a bubble bath okay
I'm going to start my bath turn this on
and get some bubbles in
there o I think this is going to take a
while so I'm going to go lay down while
I wait okay I'm going to take a quick
2minute nap then I'm going to take my
bubble bath and then I'll get the turkey
out of the
[Music]
oven
huh huh how long was I
asleep oh no I smell something burning
my bubble
bath oh my God that was so close my bath
almost
overflowed but what is that smell oh my
God the
turkey oh my God the turkeyy is on fire
what am I going to do I need water
where's water where's water I have an
idea oh my God oh my God go oh my God
I'm going oh going oh going oh thank God
fire extinguished I should be a
firefighter oh no I ruined the turkey
and now I'm not going to have Christmas
this year and my dad's going to beat my
ass I need to find a new turkey before
Mom and Tad get home I have another idea
Shi where's the than giv turkey I'm
getting hungry is in the oven braxon
calm down I'm going check on it
all right let me check on the turkey oh
damn your super sexy thick ass turkey
ooh what you been on my life go ahead
and back that sexy thick ass up on pee
PE one time oh oh let me chill out let
me chill out let me chill out mess
around to get your ass pregnant wait
who's at the door hello hey so I'm a
firefighter and I'm here to um make sure
that your fire alarm works on
Thanksgiving yeah believe it or not most
people catch their house on fire on
Thanksgiving day because they're cooking
turkey well I'm cooking a turkey right
now and my fire alarm hasn't went off
once you're cooking a turkey like right
now yes in the oven right now can you
take me to it please I need to make sure
your fire alarms near it are working in
in case it catches on fire I'm a
professional chef nothing is catching on
fire but come on all right the fire
alarm is up there is everything good
does it look in order to you yeah yeah
it looks good now show me that turkey
why do you need to see my turkey uh to
to make sure that you're cooking it
right I am a chef why would I take
advice from a firefighter stay in your
lane buddy well uh I need to make sure
that you know that it's illegal to cook
turkey improperly you want to see my
turkey is that what it is you want to
see my turkey look at her thick ass want
to back it up on a pee pe oh my God
looking sexy and voluptuous and stuff
man you going to act up get naughty in
this bit and you want to come in and and
knock on my door and try to get my
turkey what's wrong with you I mean that
is one really nice looking turkey I know
I'm want to do some things to it right
I'm almost done what do you want God
don't touch my turkey boy okay ooh now
it's my
chance it looks just like the one I
destroyed M and dad won't even know the
difference oh my God I can't believe I
got away with this PE where's my
damn turkey I'm hungry it's still in the
oven brexton hold on oh there it is the
firefighter boy has it hey firefighter
boy put my turkey down on the damn table
oh yeah you're you're turkey I was just
bringing it to you here you
go J
Thanksgiving dinner's ready come down
here and eat oh man the food's ready all
I'm eating is mac and cheese you eating
more than macaroni and cheese boy all
this goddamn food on this table looking
good as hell SHP as cooked his ass off
and slung dick on this table and you
talking about only mac and cheese what
the hell is wrong with you I beat your
ass right now in front of you people I'm
sorry Dad yeah you better be wait Timmy
what are you doing here oh um my parents
don't celebrate Thanksgiving because
they're Canadian oh why you like a
firefighter oh this um because it's also
National Canadian firefighters
appreciation day oh well all I'm eating
is macaroni and cheese cuz I hate turkey
you don't like turkey I hate it can I
have it wait the whole thing yeah like
all of it um let me see if my dad wants
some hey Dad you want some turkey what
the what kind of question is that J
you of course I want some turkey G of
course I want some turkey silly ass ask
some stupid stupid questions like that
you know what you actually upset my
stomach right now I got to go going to
take a huge ass dump to make food make
room for all this good ass food right
here ooo I got make a
poop um well I mean you can have some
now that my dad's gone there's someone
at the door you want to answer the door
with me
yeah now that everybody's gone I saw
your sexy thick ass looking at me from
across the room why you doing all that
showing your ass like that extra thick
ass oh OED up and everything looking
good and vop
was the things I can do to you right now
on this table what now I know your ass
is not talking right now why you why you
trying to jump in potato salad you'll
get your damn turn just hold up
God but you Baby Woo you are top
priority I should oil you up some more
oh I can do some things right now hello
hey Junior thank you for inviting me to
Thanksgiving my dad's not feeling well
so he didn't want to cook so he's just
at home watching football and drinking
beer well Chef peei made a lot of food
so come on in and eat yay oh well you
shouldn't eat the turkey though because
it's like really fatty and it might go
to your thighs why are you dressed like
a firefighter oh um it was career day at
the mall and I want to be a firefighter
you said it was National Canadian
firefighter day yeah it's that too all
right come inside all right Penelope eat
whatever you want uh where's the turkey
uh where is the turkey yeah where is the
turkey I don't know but calm down why
are you freaking out cuz I just love
turkey so much so where is it uh maybe
Chef peipi took it to the kitchen to cut
it up no don't cut it up I'll be right
back palii okay shf peee shf peee
where's the turkey where is it why are
you acting like that Timmy I'm going to
be honest with you Junior my parents
left to go to the store and they put me
in charge of taking the turkey out of
the oven but I forgot and then it caught
on fire and then I had to take the
turkey and throw it in the bathtub to
take the fire out
and now I need to find a new turkey
before my parents get home or else
they're going to kill me so I was trying
to steal yours wait a minute well I
don't even like turkey so you can have
mine but my dad loves turkey so while
he's in the bathroom we could steal it
from Chef peee really yeah but we have
to find out where shef took it so let's
go
okay don't be shy baby it's pee PE you
talking to I told you I'm a man of love
and I got plenty of loving to go
around you think you could just walk
into my house looking all voluptuous and
thick as hell and I ain't gonna say
nothing about it you crazy as hell
girl look I'm going be honest with you
I'mma be gentle at first but when I get
into it ain't no slowing down this train
so tell me you ready for this choo choo
train you ready to climb AB board choo
choo choo
choo hey I can't believe you called that
cashier sexy honey she's working on
Thanksgiving I had to show her that I
was thankful well you didn't have to to
give her your number either well in case
you needed to stop by for Thanksgiving
dinner she can call me Hank do you smell
that burning smell do me I swear to God
if you burnt that turkey well the
turkey's not in there I guess he took it
out well good thing he didn't burn it
but where is the turkey and where is
Timmy Timmy
and wa that's my best time Susie where
the your brother the turkey's
missing I don't know I thought I heard
heard him in the bathroom Timmy Timmy
are you in here oh honey there's
something in the bathtub what if he
drowned I'll get you
Timmy found a turkey is Timmy in
there he better be because when I find
him I'm going to kill him so uh
where's the turkey we honestly don't
know yeah I think Chef peee was like
seasoning it some more or something oh
your extra freaky ass girl you thought I
wasn't up for the challenge but that is
always up for it oh my bad I'll tag you
in it's your turn y'all enjoy
Thanksgiving she extra freaky though and
got emotional damage but you know just
be gentle with her just be gentle she's
a little sore it just looks so sad and
used that's what happens when you hop on
this peeing Train choo Cho all right
Timmy grab the turkey before my dad gets
back okay woo that was a big dumb man
all that reor relief I feel like Will
Smith all right it's time for dinner hey
Junior pass me that turkey uh uh
shouldn't we pray for first uh I guess
so all right get your pray on uh let me
say the prayer I'm really good at it all
right get a pray on then damn okay
everyone bow your heads and close your
eyes really tight God is great God is
good let us thank him for this food yeah
yeah yeah say Amen so I can eat I'm
starving
God oh thank God I got here before Mom
and Dad where the you been Timmy oh
I've been in my room bull
why is there a turkey in the bathtub
upstairs I have no idea how that got
there where did this turkey come from uh
it's been here the whole time that's our
turkey why are you dressed like a
fireman um I was practicing for my
school play You're homeschooled yeah I
was thinking we could switch it up a bit
tell the god Dr okay fine don't tell the
truth to be honest I saw this guy
walking down the road with his turkey
and then he dropped it in an ant hill
and it got covered in ants so I felt bad
and told him he could go upstairs and
wash his turkey off in the bathtub but I
guess he just left it there you're
 grounded Timmy we have cameras
we saw the whole thing so go upstairs
and read your Bible yes sir all right
honey let's eat this turkey honey this
turkey tastes really salty I don't know
Hank it tastes sort of familiar yeah it
tastes like
[Music]
dick