all right guys today's my 14th birthday
so you have to do everything I say so
you're just gonna be a bully for your
birthday no you just have to do
everything I say dude this duck is so
fun well I want to write it but don't
worry dude it's my birthday to do
everything I say hey guys you wanna play
a game uh no go away you're scary
looking Cody that's so mean you can't
judge him by the way he looks yeah dude
that's what happened to my people for
400 years that's discriminating you
didn't learn from history Cody what if
someone didn't want to hang out with you
because you wore glasses yeah four eyes
okay guys I guess we can hang out with
this obvious serial killer well I'm so
sorry Mister what'd you want oh I was
just hoping we could play a friendly
game but we love to play games yeah oh
perfect I've never played turd we love
tag oh well this is like tag but what's
a Twist it's called
what AIDS tag it's like tag but this
needle it's filled with AIDS the rules
are the first person to get stabbed gets
are you guys sure you really want to
hang out with this guy
Jesus Christ wait wait did I just get
AIDS what happened
I'm gonna be really pissed off if I have
Aid you're really funny Mister you want
to come back to my house it's my
birthday we're gonna play a bunch of
games oh it's your poster well happy
birthday yeah we're gonna play a bunch
of games in my house you want to come oh
definitely let's go let's go it's a bad
idea uh junior do you have a Band-Aid my
head hurts from where he stabbed me oh
you're abandoned I always come prepared
with birds band aids how is that
different from normal Band-Aids oh
they're like normal Band-Aids except
they're used from people with no that's
okay I don't need one that bad oh come
on use one no I'm good so what's your
name anyway oh my name's Billy what's
your name my name's Junior this is Cody
and that's Joseph cool cool so you guys
want to play a game yeah I love games
it's not gonna be AIDS tag again is it
no no just a friend like I'm a catch we
love to play catch oh perfect here's
your ball uh why are there needles
sticking out of it those are AIDS
needles the first person to catch the
ball gorgeous
yeah I'm starting to sense a theme here
I don't want to play oh come on couch ow
do
I'll do
aha Joseph you have AIDS now that's not
fair Junior can I talk to you for a
second what's up this guy needs to leave
but we're having so much fun we're just
playing games dude there's something
wrong with him hey Junior I have a
surprise for you downstairs come on what
surprise I want to see uh-oh happy
birthday
girl that's the most special turns out
here you threw me a party you're of
course our turd or anything for my best
friend hey you got me a cake oh yeah
what flavor is it oh it's the most urge
flavor red velvet oh God it's just red
chocolate with cream cheese on it that
is AIDS oh yeah let's sing the birthday
song happy birthday
to you
happy birthday
to you
happy birth
words
to Junior
happy birth
do you now blow your candles and make a
wish
What You Wish For Always
A Piece of Cake no thank you I want a
piece oh you want a corner slice I
wouldn't eat that slice Junior dude the
corn slice is the best life thank you
oh can I open up my gifts oh yeah let's
go upstairs yeah here's your first gift
it's from me oh I'm so excited what what
is that that's all
Mr Potato hurt Mr Potato Head wait the
box is empty oh yeah
when I had an assembled it for you these
things don't come like a show in the Box
weird this is ridiculous oh watch out
let's go get that thing away from me
this is fun wow party pooper what's my
other gifts oh let me go cut it Junior I
think all your presents are going to be
AIDS related all right your next gift
operation Operation come on man you
gotta chill out with this Aid stuff oh
come on it's fun it's just like normal
operation I'm gonna stop taking stuff
out of them you're giving him
what a Twist Junior I think you should
kick this guy out of your house well at
least he's getting me gifts my birthday
unlike you guys wow no gifts great
friend yeah you're a really good friend
Billy you got any more gifts for me oh I
got one more really a couple oh boy is
it aids okay you're Alaska if there's
curious curious AIDS come on there's
nothing in Curious George that even
sounds like AIDS oh okay Corey well how
about you go ahead and crank your turn
I'm afraid to yeah credit Cody for my
birthday I want you to Crank It come on
Cody do it okay but I'm gonna regret
this
[Music]
now Jesus did I just get age again
oh there's a snails all over the monkey
Cody okay dude you're not looking I hate
this guy oh come on Cartier won twice in
one day that's on the record Oh Billy
thank you for all the gifts you want to
go upstairs and play more games yeah
anything for you Pottery let's go wanna
play more games okay guys what games do
you want to play now uh junior me and
Joseph need to talk to you for a minute
what's wrong we don't want to hang out
with Billy anymore yeah the A's thing is
an annoying dude yeah oh well he's so
fun to play with no he's not Junior okay
what if I talk to him and tell him to
stop talking about AIDS okay maybe hey
Billy Oh Billy I mean you're a best
friend listen my friends don't want to
hear you talking about AIDS anymore so
can you please stop talking about AIDS
okay for sure I'll stop talking about
ass all right guys he say he's gonna
stop talking about it not really her
cars all this talking to me really
thirsty are you guys thirsty oh yeah
dude yeah I'm thirsty oh perfect
homemade lemon okay that's it we're
leaving oh come on we're gonna drink all
this before October 27th when it expires
we don't want the AIDS dying oh you just
said you were gonna stop talking about
Billy I'm sorry it was too good of an
arbitrary it'll pass so you promise you
stop talking about AIDS now I promise
okay guys he's not gonna bring him AIDS
ever again if he says AIDS again you
guys can leave okay I don't think he can
help it Junior I think he has to talk
about age just give him one more chance
yes okay fine so what game should we
play Oh I had a seat dude oh maybe we
can play checkers oh how about we Plex
your rights um Junior that's the name
the name of charade that's just a
sister yeah
okay if he's only talking about the game
okay so who wants to go first I'll go
first okay try to guess what I'm doing
yeah take that I'm gonna finish before
you do
oh here I go oh
I did it
I I don't know what you're doing at all
come on guys I was in a hula hoop
competition I was beating the world
champion how did you not guess that that
was a tough one it was very very tough
to guess what am I doing
okay ready
flu shot oh no
uh are you getting a tetanus shot nope
are you getting AIDS not me you're Sonic
all right that's it we're leaving guys
okay listen Billy how about you go
downstairs and hang out with Chef PeePee
he's the chef downstairs you can play
all the games you want with him oh oh
does he does he
does he have heard I I don't know you
should go ask him you should go play
with Chef people downstairs okay
all right guys I got rid of them thank
you finally my enchiladas are ready but
what did I do with my spatula Pepe I
want to play a game wait who are you
your enchiladas are running but your
spatulas in a spanking pan here with uh
it's glass so what's it gonna be what's
your enchiladas burn or grab the spatula
get this and enjoy a delicious meal what
sucks for you I have an extra spatula
right here dumbass
how about first
hey stop it
so what's it gonna be enjoy a delicious
meal and get hurts or starve your side
Paul who is that it was with him in AIDS
I can't believe I had to order
McDonald's because
he's in my enchilada
wait it's not flying but my food get
away stupid fly Stop It Go herbs are
pretty what's wrong fly bothering you
yes the Flies bothering me but you are
too so leave oh come on Chuck people I
always take away the killer fly am I
playing a little game no no I'm tired of
your games right here I have a camera
that's raid no it's liquid poison urge
you spread the fly with it and the Fly
diesel look I don't have time for your
games
you wait by God so what's a good Bishop
PP kill the fly and enjoy your
McDonald's in peace or be annoyed the
whole male give me the rain man oh no no
I'll spread I'll spray it come here stop
Flying oh there you are
oh I'm so sorry I'm a mess
oh come on
oh hey Chef baby are you gonna tell me
happy birthday don't interrupt there's
this person downstairs putting AIDS and
everything oh yeah that's Billy he likes
AIDS yeah he all he talks about is AIDS
oh gosh do you like my birds ah Jesus
Christ how long have you liked AIDS
Billy oh duck oh this is getting so old
well guys we have to get rid of him but
I don't know how oh hey Billy have you
ever been to the Everglade what's the
average oh it's it's his place in
Florida where everyone has AIDS oh
really that sounds like a paradox yeah
you should go you should go there and
never come back oh okay I'm going now
wow it was really that easy to get rid
of them wait so if he just left then how
is the video gonna end
[Music]