[Music]
my junk food jambalaya is almost ready
oh it smells so delicious oh my god oh I
gotta go to the bathroom but first I
need to add one more ingredient the
olive oil let's sauce it up baby
okay all right I need to go to the
bathroom
[Music]
you hear that guys my tummy's ready for
some din-din what the hell is din-din
you know din din like dinner dude are
you two years old guys calm down Chef
Pee Pee will be done cooking dinner soon
what's he cooking because my tummy's
ready for some dending isn't that right
Tommy yeah Cody I want some dinner what
if you say didn't one more time yes it's
done done
why am I alive is that a food monster
what the hell was that Junior I was
trying to distract him good thinking
dude maybe some
before you spread yeah let's eat them
wait don't eat them what if it's a kid
and Chef he was trying to cook them and
maybe all that food got burned onto his
skin when he was in the oven before he
escaped oh that's a dark turn we're kids
wait so Chef baby's trying to cook kids
why else would food be alive help me oh
he's saying help me only a kid would say
help me wait hold on where are you from
from the kitchen yeah so it's food
Phoebe but he has to go to jail for his
crimes trying to cook a kid what's wrong
with him Cody go call the cops okay yeah
I'll go get my phone
okay Junior I got my phone um he's
eating your doll dude Joseph stabbing
Cody no please
Junior I don't care I'm still gonna
watch so he just called 9-1-1 oh yeah yo
yo yo yo 9-1-1 what's your emergency
yeah hey sorry I'm just trying to liven
things up here this job can get really
depressing you know listening to
people's emergencies all the time like
the last call I got was about this guy
who killed his whole family and then he
shot himself on the phone so I'm really
hoping this call is going to be happier
oh well we got a chef that's cooking
kids but really he's he's cooking kids
yeah alive oh man are you sure like this
isn't a prank or anything no he's really
doing it well can you prove it I don't
even want to believe you this sucks well
I guess you could talk to the cooked kid
yeah let me do that
yeah yeah that sounds like a half cooked
kid damn it okay we're coming all right
Junior the police are on their way there
they are they're here all right child
cooker we have the place around it so
freeze and come out with your hands up
how can you come outside if he's Frozen
oh that's a good point Simmons I didn't
think about that oh okay so
uh well how can you
open okay okay uh forget all that okay
so is I want you to unfreeze and then
come outside and then close the door
because we don't want bugs getting in
the house and then put your hands up and
then freeze again how's that sound
Simmons that was good right okay yeah
okay so just do all that
I don't think he's coming out oh maybe
he got confused and he thought he was
still supposed to freeze inside let's
just go in and get hold on
all right kids we arrested your chef
we can go rested because you've been
cooking kids while they're alive Junior
why are you lying to the cops I didn't
cook a damn kid if you didn't cook a kid
then what's that
what the hell I don't know what that is
well it's obviously a kid that you
cooked with a bunch of food oh no I
didn't cook a damn kid how many times do
I have to say that okay well let's ask
him are you a kid that he cooked he
created me daddy oh my God you cooked
your own kid you sick bastard well I
mean I guess that's better than cooking
somebody else's kid I mean if he's yours
I guess you could still no no Cooking
Kit is definitely wrong he's not my kid
and I need to cook his ass Simmons have
there been any kids reported missing
today not today Matt really not in the
whole world nope wow it is a good day to
be a kid we are doing really good well I
guess if there's no missing kids then it
can't be a kid oh that's he's your kid
what the no he's not my kid huh okay
well I mean I guess it's just some kind
of food monster and as much as I'd love
to stick around and figure out what
that's all about I'm sure you guys will
just call me later so you're free to go
I might can have one of his marshmallows
no
what is that thing I don't know what
were you cooking downstairs my world
famous junk food jambalaya but what were
the ingredients well you have
marshmallows Oreos Cheerios but that's
all stuff that's on the food monster
keep going with the ingredients Skittles
cheeses olive oil olive oil are you sure
you didn't use a live oil what the hell
is a live oil I use olive oil I know
what I use well go get the bottle let me
see okay
Cody you're right it's a live oil yeah
live oil is just like olive oil but it
makes food come alive my mom
accidentally used this on the lasagna
one time and it wouldn't leave me alone
for a week we had to hire Garfield to
eat his ass who the hell would make
something like this I don't know but
it's extra virgin olive oil so he's
gonna be really horny I'm saving my
myself for marriage wait wait so this is
really my creation of my son yeah but I
mean we can eat him if you don't want
him he looks pretty tasty hell no you're
not eating
eating a player when he grows up I'm
about to go and buy some basketballs
yeah because that's what I think when I
look at that NBA All-Star conehead McGee
oh I like that name conehead McGee do
you like that name oh he looks hungry
Cody do you have that free medium french
fries you get every week well yeah of
course go grab your French fries let's
feed them okay yeah
yeah Jesus okay I got the french fries
okay feed him a fry okay here you go eat
it come on eat it eat it eat it shove it
in his mouth Junior isn't this kind of
like forced cannibalism because he's
made of food and we're making him eat
food yes he's right dude this is wrong
well we're humans and we eat food so
then what does food eat humans
uh oh there's the problem if you were
wondering what the problem in the video
is there it is dude we gotta eat him
first it's a doggy dog world it is a
doggy dog world it's a dog eat dog world
what no it's doggy dog world no it's dog
eat dog like like it's brutal dog eat
dog dogs don't eat other dogs unless
you're Michael Vick dude that's not what
happened but yeah he made him fight made
him eat each other guys let's not get
into this right now let's just try to
figure out how to get this monster to
not eat us okay well we're not gonna eat
him I think we can train this food
monster to not want to eat humans
because I know another monster that used
to eat humans and doesn't do it anymore
the fact that you know a monster come on
guys follow me come on conehead McGee
okay guys here's the Cookie Monster hi
it's me Cookie Monster Junior Cookie
Monster didn't used to eat people oh yes
me did me used to eat all parts of
people me used to eat arms legs head
nose and sometimes me even eat the booty
oh okay well how did you stop Cookie
Monster me found God and cookies and me
found my savior Jesus Christ oh oh okay
well I'm really glad you could do that
Cookie Monster that's really nice and
sometimes with me Cookie me think of how
the bone crunch from Human see listen
sound just like this crunch of human
child head yeah I guess I guess it might
sound like that yeah and and sometimes
sometime with me dream me dream about
when I eat family of six in Utah they
were camping and I ate the mother in
front of the kids I cut her head off and
drink her blood and and sometimes I
think her head something like this
okay well I'm really glad you don't do
that anymore Cookie Monster
and sometimes sometimes we think about
how human flesh is sweeter than cookie
okay well we have a monster here that
doesn't want to eat humans anymore so
can he have some of your cookies no my
cookies find your own okay well that was
a waste of time yeah let's go figure out
something else yeah okay Junior we need
to figure out something this monster can
eat that's not humans because if he gets
a taste for human flesh it's over well
how about we ask him what he'd want
besides humans hey conehead
that was good oh my God he ate Jose
I like the sucking part but not the
marrow part I'll call the cops Cody okay
hello 9-1-1 you're on your way okay
great okay Junior they're coming hey
Elia somebody call the cops oh hey that
food monster thing oh hello we're hiding
up there because he eats humans so hey
phrase he's trying to eat you get on the
ground bet you told me to freeze oh yeah
I did okay unfreeze freeze unfreeze on
the ground freeze Jesus I gotta be so
specific with people these days what are
you doing
they're trying to kill me yeah well your
son is trying to eat these kids so I'm
gonna give you two options I can either
shoot him or you can eat him oh my baby
boy well I brought you into this world
they eat you out hey what I'm gonna need
you to rephrase that for me I'm about to
eat him
this booty like groceries
I wish that was me
wow I can't believe he ate the whole
thing yeah it's never easy eating your
first kid but it does get easier at
least that's what my schizophrenic
grandma told me before she put me in the
microwave anyway now that the threat's
neutralized I guess I can go home I'm
just grab one of these Skittles so yeah
yeah well Junior now that that's over I
think it's time we addressed the
elephant in the room your mom's here
your big fat Mom's here no Junior the
elephant in the room oh that a live oil
isn't a real thing no the actual
elephant that's in the room it's right
here it's huge what what's it doing here
there is a huge elephant in the room you
didn't notice the giant elephant we just
climbed it a minute ago I didn't even
notice I guess I'm just so used to your
fat mom being around that I just assumed
that was your mom you thought we claimed
my mom to get away from a monster I
don't know Cody I don't know how that
elephant got here I don't know either
it's not mine well it's not mine well
maybe it was Joseph's I don't know
I don't know what's going on today I
don't know
[Music]