all right cross today you're going to
write a 250w essay on the first person
to milk a cow like why would the guy
walk up to the cow and grab the cow's
udder and whack it off until the white
stuff came out and then drink it and
also what made him leave it out in the
sun and let it get all moldy and
everything and then eat it as cheese but
anyway y'all write an essay on that hey
wait a minute what did make someone go
milk a cow and drink the white stuff for
the first time must have been my great
great great great grandfather Yeah I
believe it hey guys before we start our
essay do you want any peanuts oh peanuts
yeah sign me up I want some no no no no
peanuts oh peanuts no I don't want any
I'm fine hey pel you want e peanuts no
Junior you shouldn't eat those in class
they're messy I bought some
peanuts that boy a svage all right craft
while you write your essay I'm going to
eat my grilled chicken sandwich from
chick-- fet I don't get the fried one
because they friy it in peanut oil and
I'm defree aeric to peanuts and Junior I
see you eating peanuts and craft don't
you let those things get near me don't
worry teacher I won't let the peanuts
get near you I believe a guy milked a
cow for the first time because he bought
a wedding ring for his wife and this
cow's udder was the same size as White's
finger and he wanted to see if the ring
would fit so he put the ring on the
udder and it got stuck and he started
yanking on the ring to get the the ring
off the udder and the utter squirt milk
in his mouth and he said M that's
yummy grass grass get to school NSE
there's a peanut on my
sandwich oh my God the teacher's having
an allergic reaction nurse
nurse did somebody call the nurse yeah
that's the nurse are you okay I'll PE
he's allergic to peanuts oh my God who
put a peanut on his sandwich Junior you
have peanuts I Didn't Do It nurse Junior
has peanuts you tried to kill your
teacher screw you Junior someone call
the cops somebody called the
cops that's my dad all right kid that's
it you're under arrest for trying to
kill your teacher with a peanut it
wasn't me says the kid with peanuts on
his desk tell it to the judge bucko come
on order order order order order I am
the honorable Judge boober yes today we
will be hearing the case of Junior who
is being accused from trying to kill his
teacher by throwing a peanut onto his
teacher's sandwich after his teacher
explicitly said he was allergic to
penuts is this true chew true
chew true is this true Mr Jew that is
correct he tried to kill me I didn't try
to kill him it was someone else you had
bag of peanuts on your desk so you had
to be the one that threw it it wasn't me
oh yes the Shaggy defense she got me on
the go huh it wasn't me well Mr Junior
you're not the first kid to try to kill
their teacher and you certainly won't be
the last but if I let you go now you
might try to kill him again so I have no
choice but to find you beauty and
sentence you to death by electric chair
tonight bye see you later electric chair
come on dead boy or soon to be dead boy
get in there you oh I don't want to die
yeah it sucks but you did the crime okay
so you do get a last meal and that can
be whatever you want so we'll be back in
a few minutes to take your order would
you like a drink while you wait or maybe
some bread sticks CES a salad I'm too
sad to eat okay oh that that's the
visitor doorbell we put a doorbell in so
that the death row inmates know when
they have visitors we made it sound like
a home doorbell cuz death row inmates
are never going home cuz they're going
to die I'll get it hey Junior hey guys
oh dude I heard you dying tonight that
sucks but say hi to my dad when you get
to hell how do you know I'm going to
hell I just have that feeling dude well
Joseph Junior's not dying tonight cuz
we're going to get him out of here
you're going to break me out of jail no
we're not going to jail for you but we
are going to prove your innocence how do
you know I'm innocent well because if
you had actually thrown that peanut you
would have said hey guys look what I'm
about to do before you did it cuz you
like to show off yeah you like to gloat
dude you're right if I would have threw
that peanut I would have told you guys I
was going to do it first yeah exactly we
don't know who threw that peanut but me
and Joseph are going to find out in the
meantime you need to buy time how am I
going to buy time Cody they're going to
kill me tonight but before they execute
you they have to give you your last meal
and that can be whatever you want so
just make sure you ask for something
impossible for them to get like
something that could take days or even
weeks for them to get so they have to
postpone your execution will that really
work yeah it's your last meal they have
to give you whatever you want okay I'll
ask for something really hard to get
okay come on Joseph let's go find out
who threw that peanut okay I got to
order something really hard hey there
welcome to Applebee's how can I take
your order oh I'm sorry welcome to death
row how can I take your order sorry I
haven't been a server since I worked at
Applebee's what do you want so I can
literally order whatever I want yeah
literally whatever you want and as much
as you want too I mean we can do crazy
stuff like John Wayne gasy that crazy
guy who dressed up like a clown and
eight kids he ordered a dozen deep fried
shrimp a bucket of KFC's original recipe
chicken french fries a pound of
strawberry berries and a bottle of Diet
Coke and then this other guy James
Edward Smith he wanted a lump of dirt so
we can do pretty much anything okay so
uh I want you to go to the top of Mount
Everest okay and I want you to find a
bald eagle's nest bald eagle okay and
steal an egg and cook it sunny side up
Sunny Side Up good choice good choice I
want you to go to the marana's trench
okay and kidnap a bunch of baby
octopuses o okay baby octopus and I want
you go get a Papa John's Pizza a
pepperoni one and I want you to take the
pepperonis off and put the octopuses on
the pizza oh okay octopus pizza and I
want Papa John to say a racial slurt at
the pizza okay that shouldn't be and
then I want you to go to the Sahara
Desert and find a blue cactus Blue
Cactus I want to eat that I want two Big
Macs but I want the Big Mac from
somewhere where they worship cows well
like India yeah yeah get a cow from
India the most worshiped cow in India
okay most worshiped cow in India yeah I
want that I want that how you make the
meat from the Big Mac I want a two-month
expired can of ravioli from Chef boardd
does it have to be two months has to be
two months expired okay okay got it two
month will expired uh what day is it uh
Sunday oh I want Chick-fil-A oh
Chick-fil-A is closed on Sundays I still
want it okay you got it Chick-fil-A on a
Sunday uh anything to drink with that uh
I want you to go to Tatooine and go to
McDonald's get blue milk okay blue milk
from Tatooine I want George Lucas to
taste test it for me tasted by George
Lucas got it and anything for dessert uh
the crust of uh Pop-Tarts just the crust
only the I only like the crust oh me too
okay so I'll go get all this stuff but
it might take a little while so your
execution might not be tonight sorry
about the inconvenience but I'll get
this going and you just sit tight okay
all right Joseph let's look around the
classroom and see if we can find any
clues that prove innocent okay dude got
to find some evidence let me check
Bully's desk H what a silly drawing oh I
got to find some evidence oh my God
Joseph look what's up dude there's a
security camera of the classroom it
shows bully grabbing a peanut off
Junior's desk and throwing it at the
teacher I'll record it with my phone and
show it to the cops come on let's go
Cody where are you P her up what you
actually got all the food hell yeah I
did this is your last meal okay so this
is your sunny side up bald eagle egg
from the top of Mount ever this is your
blue milk from the McDonald's on
Tatooine this is your blue cactus from
the Sahara Desert these are your Big
Macs from India this is your 2-month-old
expired Chef Boyard D ravioli this is
your Chick-fil-A on a Sunday and this is
your baby octopus Pizza that Papa John's
himself personally yelled a racial slur
at he even yell a racial slur at the
garlic sauce I didn't even want him to
he actually wouldn't stop yelling racial
slurs he speaks entirely in racial slurs
now oh and also this is your poptart
crust how did you get all this oh it was
not easy let me tell you the story so I
hopped on a non-stop flight to the Paul
cuz that's where Mount Everest is and
then I hired a sherpa to take me up to
the top of the mountain but about
halfway up Mount Everest my Sherpa died
so I had to make the rest of the hike on
my own but when I got to the top of
Mount Everest I saw a bald eagle nest
and I thought wow this is going to be
easy so I grabbed one of the eggs and
then all of a sudden this Eagle swooped
down and punched me right in the face
like he punched me like he didn't
scratch me he balled up his Talons and
punched me in the face so I started
throwing Haymakers I started punching
him in his face and then the eagle held
me down and started pecking at my eyes
and then he threw me off the top of
Mount and I fell all the way back down
to the bottom but I still had the egg in
my hand so I got that so then I hopped
on another non-stop flight to Guam and
then from there I took a submarine out
into the bottom of the Mariana's Trench
and I saw a family of octopi so then I
wrote free candy on the side of my
submarine cuz even octopus kids can't
resist free candy so then when they came
up I kidnapped the baby octopuses and
the and the octopus Mom and Dad they
were so upset they were screaming an
octopus I mean I don't speak octopus but
they seemed very upset so from there I
hopped on another non-stop flight over
to Italy and I went over to Papa John's
so he could cook me up a pizza so he
answered the door and he called me a
racial slur cuz I guess that's just how
he says hello so then he cooked up the
pizza with the octopi on it and then he
called the pizza a racial slur and then
he called me a racial slur so from there
I hopped on another non-stop flight to
North Africa which is where the Sahara
Desert is and then I rented a camel and
then wandered out into the middle of the
Sahara Desert and then my camel died of
dehydration so I lost the deposit on the
camel so I just kind of wandered around
this Sahara Desert for a while you know
I was dehydrated so I was hallucinating
and I was starting to see things and I
saw a mirage or I thought it was a
mirage but it turned out it was an
actual Blue Cactus so I took it and then
I blacked out from dehydration so then I
woke up in a pyramid hospital and I said
well thank you for saving my life and
then I hopped on another non-stop flight
to India I got a lot of frequent fly a
miles on this trip so then when I got to
India I saw a bunch of people gathered
around worshiping a cow and then I said
hey I I got to take this cow to the vet
cuz I think he has mad cow disease but
really I just took it out back and I
shot it and I butchered it for the meat
and then I came out with two Big Macs so
from there I hopped on another non-stop
flight over to NASA and then I had them
send me on a rocket to Tatooine but then
when I got to Tatooine I got robbed by
some Jawas and they were all like and
then when I was in Moss Eisley I found
the McDonald's there so I went through
the drive through and they were like and
then I ordered that blue milk you wanted
and they gave it to me and they Al they
they Saidi and so after I came out of
the drive-thru I saw they actually have
a Chick-fil-A on Tatooine too and it's
open on Sundays because the days don't
work the same there so I went through
the drive-thru at Chick-fil-A and they
went and I got that chicken so then from
there I I I hopped on a rocket and I
went back to my house and then I went
into my pantry and it turns out I
actually already had a 2-month old
expired can of Chef Boyard ravioli and I
had some Pop-Tarts so I just took the
crust off those so yeah you should be
grateful that I brought all this food to
you so bone Appetit dig in eat the
cactus I want to see how that works I'm
not hungry anymore damn it you pull the
Lawrence russle Brewer on me there was
another guy who ordered a bunch of food
and then we brought it he said he didn't
even want it damn it I knew you were
going to do this I was halfway up Mount
Everest and I said I bet that little
bastard doesn't even touch his food well
you know what I'm taking this egg I
fought hard for this egg okay let's go
to the electric chair actually I I do
want to eat oh okay we'll eat the cactus
never mind yeah that's right come on
let's go all right Simmons let them fry
all right mate let me just turn it on
wait wait wait wait wait wait he didn't
do it I have proof show me look right
there it's this other kid named Bully he
threw the peanut oh man that's lame I
wanted to fry him Simmons let him go all
right I'll go arrest this bully oh thank
you so much Cody for getting proof that
it wasn't me yeah no problem order order
order order
orderorder order bully it turns out you
were the one who threw the peanut on
your teacher's sandwich Well normally I
would love to give you the electric
chair but we spent too much money on
giving the last kid's final meal and now
we can't afford to turn the chair on so
I suppose I have to sentence you to 100
days community service picking up trash
on the
freeway picking up trash I wanted the
electric chair I know right I want to
just see someone fry this is dumb I hate
this stupid job
[Music]