so Joseph what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm kind of bored guys
guys quick turn on the news you're not
gonna believe this but what's going on
Cody just just turn on the news okay
breaking news okay Australia is on fire
over 1 billion animals have perished in
this horrific incident and firefighters
are working tirelessly to put out the
fires oh that's really sad no no not
that keep watching and now to the
weather
this week's draw the weather winner is
Cody nut kiss and his drawing predicts
that it's gonna be raining cats and dogs
and look he literally drew cats and dogs
falling from the sky how close and cody
also wins a $25.00 Applebee's gift card
congratulations
see I did it i won they picked me they
put my drawing on the news you see the
news this thing where they have you draw
a picture of the weather and when you
win they put your picture on TV and I
did it i won i won a $25.00 Applebee's
gift card this is awesome this is the
perfect day the world is exactly as it
should be today I wouldn't change
anything about the world I'm gonna go to
Applebee's I'm gonna get an appetizer in
an entree and a drink and that's it cuz
it's only $25 and Ethel B's kind of
sucks but I don't care because like one
but Cody a billion animals died yeah
wait wait
oh no jr. that was just a drawing it's
not really gonna rain cats and dogs
wonder or not you're drawing that the
Australian fires is killing a lot of
animals no that yeah it's that sucks I
guess but what about my drawing though
there's something we got to do I won't
be able to help the animals you too dude
yeah I guess you could donate money
what's doing money gonna do Chloe he's
gonna throw money at the fire give me
the fire bigger
yes made of paper it's gonna spread yeah
yeah yeah you're not gonna throw money
at the fire you're gonna use the money
to pay firefighters oh let's do that
okay um I don't have any money Joseph
yeah money dude I don't have money I'm
poor Oh Cody do you have money
well I have a $25 Applebee's gift card
but that's off limits okay well then how
can we raise money to donate I'll show
you there's somebody got to do mm-hmm oh
cool yeah I got an idea what if you made
a machine that could make more animals
okay like I can just make a machine that
just makes animals yeah you make
machines all the time so why don't you
make a machine they can make more
animals because a billion animals die so
we gotta make a billion animals replace
those animals yeah yeah I mean I guess
it is a YouTube video and I've made
weirder stuff so okay I'll try yeah Cody
go make it you'll make you can do it
I really hope it works all right
chef Rafi I'm hungry
well I'm cooking forget the old bouncer
that's disgusting I don't want that you
know what I want it's a good
old-fashioned country fried
finger-lickin chicken that means you've
got a kitchen alive take his head off
and cook it for me fresh that's so
disgusting mouth it takes so much effort
just buy it for the store you know I
want it fresh so get to it
okay Butler neither whoever cooked the
five chicken guys guys I did it I
actually did it what'd you do it what
we're talking about it well I went home
well actually first I went to Applebee's
how was that well it was very mediocre
because there was a hair of my food and
it was kind of cold but then I went home
and my stomach hurt because I ate
Applebee's you know how it is yeah and
then I finally got around to making this
machine so what to do well it can turn
anything into an animal anything
anything oh dude it's so cool it's
really cool wait what's that white stuff
oh that's my every jungle animal
converted unpredictably like any
Thursday immediately or now what's that
mean it's an acronym Oh where'd you get
the white stuff well let's just say I
had to milk some animals even ones that
don't have others if you know what I
mean okay so we can turn anything into
an animal yeah like you could turn this
remote into an animal yeah sure Oh L
know what those are illegal in
California really right I don't know I I
just found that out yeah well anyway
it's really cool your machine turned a
remote to a hedgehog I know right hey
dude what should we name it huh I don't
know we should name it something
original hmm how about Tyler no Joseph
everybody names their hedgehogs Tyler
you're right what the restaurant yeah
it's really originally she's very
copywriting man oh hey start the
Hedgehog like a video game I know right
okay hey sorry I put you on the ground
okay oh that's so cool Cody's you made
that machine yeah what should we turn
into an animal next Oh but Joseph you're
already a turtle well I don't want to be
a new animal how about like a t-rex or
something something cool oh yeah you're
cool
doesn't do an animal okay whoa Joseph
you're a squirrel
I'm a squirrel dude yeah well I am
craving nice yeah welcome to my will
well Cody why did it turn into a
squirrel well it's unpredictable Junior
I can't control what animal it turns
into well Joseph are you happy being a
squirrel oh dude I love it now can
actually go and touch the power line oh
go touch one okay dude squirrels don't
get elected you too when they touch
power lines yeah oh okay so uh we should
go turn chef peepee and do an animal
okay let's go do it
how's the won't even know the difference
I'm ticking hey chef peepee Oh what do
you want Junior
oh you got me can't see no that's not
for you that's for your bad look he
wanted me to cook a live chicken and I'm
not going to do that well instead of
cooking a live chicken what if you were
chicken what Cody yeah when I said what
if you want a chicken you're supposed to
turn shank of you into a chicken well I
can't control what it turns people into
Junior it's unpredictable okay well when
I say what if you want chicken
try the turns I could be into a chicken
okay but he's probably not gonna be a
chicken what if you weren't again what
are you idiots uh cool oh did you shoot
oh okay no Junior he's actually a slot
they're really slow what they are
[Music]
me
I mean could you take you to a sloth
less animal rate thing
[Applause]
[Music]
all right see if you can keep being
silly
Meiko turn more stuff into animals see
you later oh man Shep he's funny as a
sloth yeah funny funny funny stuff
all right well should we turn into an
animal well jr. we've been turning
people into animals but we're really
supposed to be turning objects into
animals oh yeah we got to help Australia
we got to make 1 billion animals so let
me go grab a bunch of random object to
turn in animals okay okay all right Cody
I grabbed a bunch of random stuff from
around my house I got the Pixar ball
okay I got Simon Says Hey and I got my
Thomas Thomas but junior you love Thomas
I know Cody but we gotta save Australia
okay I also got blue-eyes White Dragon
no jr. not blue-eyes White Dragon I know
he's super valuable but Cody we got to
make a billion animals yeah I guess
you're right
I also got my copy of flushed away for
the Gamecube no junior not flushed away
for the Gamecube Junior put that back
it's too valuable I know Cody it's super
valuable and no one else has it they
would die for it but Cody we have to
make a billion enols we gotta save
Australia look we're two ten-year-olds
will go down in history for saving
Australia okay but this better count for
two animals because this is quite a
sacrifice I know Cody so Starla flushed
away Junior I don't know if I can do it
looks like a whale with a unicorn horn
it's a pretty lousy exchange for flushed
away in the Gamecube is what it is well
it looked like it's supposed to be in
water yeah it is I'm gonna go put it in
the bathtub you take the machine and
just keep turning things into animals
okay okay let's turn him stuff into
animals huh
blue-eyes White Dragon oh cool a turtle
okay go walk dogs throw your buddy
all right go turn some more stuff into
animals all right Thomas I love you so
much but it's an all the time oh cool a
bunny rabbit go to Australia Australia
okay Simon Says whoa cool a dog I think
okay Australia yeah that's where you're
going okay
the pixar ball okay you're gonna go to
Australia okay yeah okay all right well
can I turn into it oh who can I mean I
turned Thomas into an animal so Cody can
sacrifice kin for an animal wait
kid get your chicken all right kid now
go to Australia and help out all the
animals feel so good helping out the
planet is my fried chicken ready I told
you I want it fried chicken chicken
what's wrong with you Junior turn me
into something look I want it for a
chicken hey you're gonna make me a fresh
chicken okay you know what there's a
fresh chicken
I'm gonna take it to the soul and you're
gonna fix it for me you got that
all right chef peepee the chicken is in
the pan all you have to do is cook it
now get the cooking God marry Junie the
narwhals all set up in the bathtub you
make any more animals
oh yeah Cody I made a bunch of animals I
made a turtle I made a rabbit
I made a cat I made a dog and I made a
chicken oh good job Junior so what do
you want to turn into an animal now um
ooh what do we turn the couch into an
animal gonna be awesome
it'd be a really big animal all right
let's try okay so cool wait Junior
where's Ken who ken he was sitting on
the couch you know the characters of
giraffe where is he oh I haven't seen
Ken I haven't seen him all day did you
even bring him over to my house yeah he
was sitting right here on the couch what
happened to him uh well I mean if the
couch the drop then maybe uh maybe he's
on the giraffes head
hold on let me check hey you doing no
he's not up here either okay well since
you're way up there I got something to
tell you so I might have accidentally on
purpose
turn kin and do an animal them and do a
chicken it would be because you know I
thought that you know I turned Thomas
into an animal and I didn't care so I
thought maybe you wouldn't care if I
turned Ken into an animal and he turned
into a chicken what you don't get it do
it we're just trying to help Australia
it doesn't matter we could have turned
anything in the world into an animal why
did it have to be my boyfriend well can
I turn Thomas oh I didn't think you
cared but calm down look can't you just
turn him back into a doll no I have to
make a whole new machine to do that all
right Cody so go make a new machine and
then I'll go try to find Ken okay okay
just hurry up and find him okay
thank God I got here in time to put out
that fire
this chicken almost got burned I got
here just in time it's cooked perfectly
what do you think he started the fire
well you forget to pluck the feathers
off the chicken before you started
cooking it so they call it fire and also
the chefs a sloth so that's a problem
the chicken had better so was it a new
chicken oh yeah it was a fresh chicken I
mean it they must have been alive just
literally a few minutes ago few minutes
ago Oh Oh No
hey sloth you mind if I have some of
your chicken it looks pretty good
yes Oh No cooties gonna be so mad when
he finds out all right Junior I made a
new machine to bring Ken back what's
this one called
this one's called the bring us together
to help others love everything machine
it's also an acronym well does it work
well I haven't tried it yet okay well
then try it on the drop and see if it
turns into a couch okay Koni the couch
is back it worked
thank God okay so where's Ken ken yeah
you were supposed to find him
oh yeah chicken yeah yeah I thought I
found him okay well then where is he
oh he's downstairs I'll do it I'll take
about give me wait why can't I go oh
because um what you see oh I got us in
this mess and I should get us out of it
so let me do it okay okay you stay right
here don't come downstairs I got it I'll
take care of it okay this is a pretty
good chicken oh hey kid you want some
chicken it's delicious uh no thank you
suit yourself oh man I really hope this
works yeah that's actually really chewy
Oh what what I'm eating a toy what oh
boy uh how did that get there
sorry firefighter um I'll just take this
back to my toy room thanks for helping
with Australia what all right Cody Ken's
all that normal yeah janek's so happy to
see you
whoa Ken I don't remember you being so
dummy thick I didn't realize I was
dating Shakira because those hips don't
lie yeah he's all back normal like that
that's how I usually look well wisey of
tape on him Oh tape yeah there's tape
don't don't remove that he's doing a new
workout to get a bigger butt okay yeah
so don't remove the tape but yeah
everything's back no oh yeah yeah I'm
just really sad that we didn't get to
help Australia we were supposed to make
a billion animals Cody yeah I guess all
we can do now is just donate and that's
what you can do just go donate to
Australia in the link in the description
yeah well why the power go out yeah hey
does anybody know this squirrel he
chewed through a power line outside and
no the whole neighborhood's out of power
Oh Joseph
[Music]