[Music]
M man I can't wait to finish making my
boil peanut pie first I got to finish
baking the pie and then I can put the
boil peanuts on it but man let me check
on the
pie God damn that's a lot of smoke Sno
dog you in that [ __ ] you got to be in
there it's all that damn smoke wait wait
I need to open the door it's too
much oh get out smoke God damn about to
suffocate a [ __ ] oh I'm going to leave
the door open and let the kitchen air
out I think I need to let the pie cook a
little bit longer to get that smokey
taste I think it's time to boil some
peanuts should I do it should I play God
yeah all right peanut peasants it's me
your Lord and Savior King peanut ruler
of all nuts now tell me who's ready to
be bored alive is it you are you the
ultimate sacrifice oh no I have a family
right here they're watching please not
me oh too bad it sucks that you were
born a [ __ ] peanut now born a lot
[ __ ] a no
I am your ruler I will B pay to all of
you I will boil all of you [ __ ] alive
don't try
me die die die I should not have this
much power I am your ultimate leader no
one can defeat
me oh you peanut stealing [ __ ] y'all
called for help didn't y'all wait you
called the Ops why the hell would you
call the Ops for help that's like Russia
calling Ukraine for help the [ __ ] oh it
doesn't matter everybody can get get it
which rolling pen should I use nah
not oh yeah this is the squirrel
bash a damn it I missed maybe I
shouldn't have screamed before I I hit
him oh damn it it doesn't matter all of
you got to die just because one of you
got away you see this peanut you caused
this all of them
die hey Daddy how you smell stinky are
you going to [ __ ] your pants no I
already have a stink nugget in my diaper
so how do you spell stinky s t i n k y
no then how do you spell stinky p
u that was a good one okay how do you
spell stupid dumbass how j e f
FY you're mean Daddy Marvin that was
uncalled for I thought it was funny no
how do you spell mean bald guy are you
going to spell my name m a r v i n huh
how's it feel well how do you spell you
only have a top lip r o s e
oh come on you do I'm sorry baby I mean
my mustache is upside down and we kept
it that way this whole time you look
weird is that a bunny rabit hey Mr Bunny
rabit what doing why would there be a
bunny rabit in the house oh I know maybe
my Mommy and Daddy got me a bunny rabit
for Christmas and he escaped the cage
come here Mr bunny rabbit I'm going to
go thank my mommy and daddy mommy and
daddy you really shouldn't have I'm the
happiest boy Jeffy where'd you get that
squirrel at it's not a squirrel it's a
bunny rabbit it's not a bunny rabbit
it's a squirrel Jeffy where'd you get
him I found him on the stairs that's a
lie all right fine don't believe me
Jeffy seriously you got to throw that
squirrel outside he might have rabies
it's okay stinky [ __ ] [ __ ] 4
what stinky [ __ ] [ __ ] 4 that's
his name you can't name him that Jeffy
cuz if you name him that then you're
implying there's one through three
sticky shitthead [ __ ] I think we
should name him peanut because he has a
peanut dick nut you're not naming him
dickn J Mr Whiskers oh whisker dick 43 *
3 Jeffy you can't just name a cuss word
then say numberb at the end of it
4417 dick [ __ ] Jeffy stop it we're not
naming the squirrel cuz if you name it
you're going to want to keep it oh
cotton candy vacuum [ __ ] stinky [ __ ]
[ __ ] 14 and halftimes three is seven
all right Jeffrey if you can say the
exact name again I'll let you keep them
and name them that cotton candy vacuum
[ __ ] 4 you didn't get it right so now
he's got to go time three he bit me that
piece of [ __ ] that is not his name Daddy
it's sticky diaper 142 time 3 vacuum
[ __ ] okay you know
what take this [ __ ] get the [ __ ] out
of here go are you okay Marvin I'm just
so upset cuz it bit me all right guys
ready to play Tippy the Magic Dragon not
to be confused with doofy the dragon cuz
we can't really use him anymore wait how
is he floating just like strings oh so
how do you play well you just stack
stuff on top of Tippy until he tips up
over and if he falls down in your turn
you lose all right I want to put
something on him
first oh there goes Tippy is that a
squirrel no it's a bunny rabbit oh my
God he's so cute can I pet him
sure oh my God he bit me I'm telling my
dad Jeffy that thing might have rabies I
haven't humped it yet it's not going to
have babies no not babies rabies come on
Stinky Stink liquor seven we're not
wanted here was that its name I think so
Marvin I really think you should let
Jeffy keep Peanut the squirrel who's
Peanut the squirrel I've never met a
squirrel or a peanut Marvin it's a good
idea for Jeffy to have a pet it would
teach him responsibility you've said
that before baby he's had so many pets
in the past he's had a goldfish a
hamster a paralyzed dog I think he has a
dinosaur who knows where that is but
Marvin he's so cute okay well he can be
cute outside where squirrels live he's
not supposed to live inside the house I
don't want to PE the squirrel in here
there's someone at the door hold on
hello hey Marvin your neighbor has a
complaint go on complaint yeah Marvin
you had your goddamn Christmas lights up
before Thanksgiving hoa's going to find
your ass no not that the other thing oh
yeah you also left your garbage cans out
2 hours after the garbage man game no no
the thing with your son you have a
tartar big son that's running around
with a pet squirrel and that squirrel
bit my kid that true Marvin you got a
squirrel in the house uh jeffy's been
hanging out with a squirrel hanging out
with a squirrel he said he found it well
look it bit his kids so now legally I
have to decapitate it decapitate it it's
the only way to check for rabies I got
to cut its head off why I don't know
that's the only scientific way to check
for rabies I take a big old knife I cut
its head off and then a little line
shows up like a pregnancy test telling
me if he had rabies or not so what if it
doesn't have rabies well then I cut its
head off for no reason but hey it's
already dead too bad so you're going to
cut its head off even if it's innocent
yeah I mean they do it in Mexico with
people when they've wronged the cartel
and they even take a video that's [ __ ]
up I don't do that I think it's really
mean to cut a squirrel's head off for no
reason I mean that's the law Marvin if
your pet bites a guest that guest can
legally have the police cut your pet's
head off unless of course you have
paperwork saying that your pet's been
vaccinated against rabies which brings
me to my next question do you have any
paperwork saying that squirrel got a
Rabia shot no it's a wild Squirrel looks
like I'm cutting its head off oh come on
don't cut Peanut's head off oh you named
it well I I didn't name it that they
named it but still his name is Peanut
well I'm really sorry for peanut but we
don't want his son to die of rabies why
don't you just test his son for rabies
well because we don't want to waste
medicine on somebody who might not have
rabies when there are people who know
they have rabies and look it's just way
easier to kill that squirrel than it is
to give his son medicine and it's also
more fun well oh come on please don't do
this no I'm already going out to my car
to get my big old rabies night oh
okay baby baby Marvin look Peanut's
catching us peanut okay that that's
really cool but peanut needs to go
outside Marvin stop trying to ruin our
fun I'm not trying to ruin the fun but
if peanut doesn't go outside he get his
head cut off Marvin's no fun I am fun I
just don't want him to get his head cut
off I'm going to get that peanut you
give me that peanut I'm going to catch
the peanut I want the peanut you give me
the peanut got [ __ ] I got distracted oh
are we having cake yeah squirrel head
cake oo I've never had that kind of cake
before me neither well this is our pet
peanut he catches his peanut oh that's
pretty cool I'm going to have to cut
Peanut's head off what why oh if I
explain it again people are going to be
mad I really could have explained it
that quickly U yeah please don't kill
Peanut the squirrel look has a little
peanut I know Marvin he's very cute cuz
his name is Peanut and he has a peanut
but still I have to cut his head off to
see if he has
ravies oh what's he saying it's been
forever since I spoke squirreling e oh
squeaker squeak squeaker wait wait wait
wait you can speak squirrel yeah I do it
all the time well then why don't you
just ask him if he has rabies okay
squeaker squeak squeak sque squeak
squeaker squeak squeak squeaker
squeaking does he have rabies or not I
don't know I don't speak squirrel I'm
just quoting Emperor's New Groove wait
wait that was a waste of time I know
just having fun look just bring him over
here so I can kill him okay I can't go
over there you guys are in the way and I
don't want to cut you U uh you said you
wouldn't have to cut his head off if he
had his rabies shot yeah you said he was
a wild Squirrel and he didn't have
paperwork I wasn't talking about this
squirrel I was talking about a different
squirrel you have multiple squirrels
living in your house um I have multiple
squirrels hey Jeffy what's the
squirrel's name peut but what what were
the other squirrel names you said
earlier stinky [ __ ] green bean
casserole dick nine nine how many stinky
[ __ ] Cass roll dick squirrels do you
have nine oh yeah I guess that makes
sense I don't know why yeah we had so
many squirrels and but the only one that
has rabies shot is is Peanut well do you
have any paperwork for peanut of course
of course I got the paperwork for peanut
I don't have paperwork for the casserole
dicks well I might be decapitating
casserole dicks but can I see his
paperwork please oh yeah yeah let me let
me go grab Peanut the squirrel's
paperwork you just stay right here
peanut you I'll get that paperwork I got
it okay I couldn't find a copy of the
results so I had the doctor fa this over
H that looks pretty official to me let
me see peanuts results rabies no no
rabies yes and Dr Vorhees gave it his
stamp of yes and a big old thumbs up Dr
Vorhees is that Jason Vorhees huh last I
saw he was drowning in Lake while those
Camp councils were banging I didn't know
he got his [ __ ] together and became a
doctor good for him well this looks good
to me but if any of those Cass roll dick
guys come back just let me know oh okay
Marvin you saved peanut I thought you
didn't like him well I mean I don't
think we should have a pet squirrel but
I think it's wrong to just cut an
animal's head off for no reason you know
he's such a really nice
Marvin Marvin are you okay I'm just
hungry I think we should eat I
definitely think we should eat okay yeah
let's go eat food um Marvin Arby you
know I'm
vegetarian eat it it's good D this roast
beef sandwich looks like a single mother
of forest
puss oh I'm going to eat it like she's
my landlord and the rins do Marin I
think that squirrel might have had Ries
you're foaming at the mouth
[Music]
you