oh crap today we're gonna be learning
about odd numbers so if this pattern
will continue what would come before 47
okay are you texting no I'm just on the
P hub
oh cool did you get my joke but what do
I said a K you know before 47 you know
because we're in school huh that means
yeah yeah that's really funny jokes huh
we're still cool right Cody yeah yeah
you should tell the teacher your joke
really yeah it's really funny okay hey
teacher I think it's a K okay okay not
even another Kody they don't make no
sense
so what you're saying is it goes 43 okay
40 saw Kody you know you're not supposed
to make jokes like they scoop especially
you cuz you know we get that signal back
I never know what you're doing back
there
what are you doing every time I go home
I tell my what I say if there's a key
they're gonna do it it's gonna be coding
so every day I will bulletproof vest
underneath my shirt why do you think I
give you eight I don't need your test I
don't even know what you get on the test
I just give you a so I'm trying to get
your good side if you're gonna go
Yosemite Sam all over the prize make
sure you wait for the substitute okay we
cool I ain't no snitch and okay alright
one who did it
somebody texted 9-1-1 saying some lunch
run I made a scary joke kid
joke to you school you always mess
around me hit desk I don't know what he
got in there all right you're coming
with me
what me no I'm Joshua always him that's
Cody oh I'm sorry I just I saw the
coloring hat and I thought crime okay I
understand all right you're coming with
me but but it was just a joke kid do you
know what year is there's no such thing
as jokes no you're coming with me
connect the dots face I really love
being a bully in school that's why he
would get with God all our coding
whatever
decide to come back for your revenge
tour message me on Facebook so I know
not to be here that day dude I had
babies all over my face I love have a
bed it's all over my face dude I even
have a band-aid mustache call me mr.
baby face Oh how'd you go in there mr.
band-aid face wait don't call me mr.
band-aid face mr. bendy face was my
father
oh hey there criminal oh hey Cody we're
just putting band-aids all over our face
Oh neat you wanna put a bandaid on your
face no no I'm good thanks so what
happened after school well I got
expelled expel that's sick [ __ ] no jr.
it's not sick I want to go to school
well cuz you're a nerd but what your
parents say about you getting expelled
well they were really mad they spit on
me and called me names which was
actually kind of hot so maybe I should
make it mad more often wait so is that
your expel you can just stay at home all
day and put bandaid on your face I don't
want to put band-aids on my face Junior
and I still have to go to school because
now my parents want to move to someplace
that'll let me go to school move well
we're gonna move to Vermont Maude what
with the Vermont I have no idea trees I
think maybe a McDonald's well there's
nothing ever mom why they want to move
there
well because my mom really likes maple
syrup and pancakes and Vermont's got him
oh well that's stupid you can't move who
we gonna make fun of yeah yeah ugly
pimple face book face no can't get it
you guys are gonna miss me Oh Cody and a
group of friends we always need that one
nerdy kid to pick on and you're that
nerdy kid well you guys are gonna have
to find a new nerdy kid no you're our
nerdy kid and you're the one we're gonna
make fun of for the rest of our life so
we have to find a way for you not to
move so if you go back to school you
want the move right yeah okay okay so
use the plan what if you made a cloning
machine and you clone yourself and then
we blamed your clone for that stupid
joke you made it's for today we'll just
say it wasn't you it was a clone huh I
think I could make a clone machine yeah
go do that you stupid nerve well we put
babies on her face okay you guys have
fun
yeah okay baby boy yeah babies I love
them
oh hell no that's okay I got it
Oh though quick recording machine yeah I
dug it out of the garage good old kakuka
cloning machine does it still work
yeah I think so I tried to use it to
clone a bunch of pizzas and start a
pizza company but that didn't really pan
out you get it like pan pizzas
cooee you should get in and we clone you
so we can blame the clone on all that
stuff okay yeah get in there yeah yeah
look it clone jus yeah he looks kind of
evil though why cuz the eyebrows yeah
cuz of the eyebrows well all you do is
call the teacher and say look this is
the Cody that made the joke and not that
Cody tastes like your turn brother or
something wait where's he going we have
the cat that we commit the storm to the
teacher okay oh yeah we're eating good
tonight
what do you want Cody come in here don't
tell me what I did with my own eyes I
definitely did it you should keep
choking me yeah I wouldn't believe it
either keep choking we clothing this
evil time for your turtle come on Cody
will give your twin
oh man I can't wait to watch TV
Hey okay I'm glad you're here you know
what I want you to hook me up with all
the good channels you know
skinemax Disney Channel you know do
anything
[Music]
I don't know Junior we have to find them
before you get to be in more trouble
there's something at the door
oh no Junior my parents what are they
doing here me and your father were just
sitting at home on the couch watching
cops you they got my cousin people and
we were just getting madder and madder
that you got expelled first they give my
cousin people so he decided to come over
here and spank you in front of your
friends they never spanked me in front
of anybody and your daddy's gonna spank
you with the big paddle huge the big one
the bedazzled one the one with all the
Jews and rhinestones on it so it can
leave a mark ah lucky and don't even try
to complain Cody cuz the more you
complain the deeper into Vermont were
gonna go mmm-hmm maple syrup
I am so grounded Cody I got a plan come
on all right Cody I had this awesome
idea to catch your clone okay well I
guess I won't tell you then why because
you don't feel like you care you're just
like okay well I was waiting for you to
tell me what Junior tell me okay Junior
just tell me the lohan Junior just tell
me I want you to sound like you care
Cody okay fine all right we do this
again all right Cody I had this awesome
idea to catch your clone oh my god
Junior please tell me your plan I'm
begging you
can't wait to hear it could you feel
like a goofball but good Junie did you
just call me a goofball yeah you sound
like a goofball jr. never call me a
goofball again or your whole family's
gonna go missing well how about you
sound like you care about my plan
alright fine hey Cody I had this awesome
idea to catch your clone oh please tell
me your plans yeah alright so thank you
for being so concerned with my plan
alright so we're trying to catch a clone
right yeah well to catch a clone we need
to be a clone not really yeah we do so I
was thinking me and Joseph's you clone
each other
hey that are clones go out for your
clone because we make fun of you right
so if I close make fun of your clone
your clone will cry and then we copy on
why he's crying well I guess that makes
sense yeah so uh Joseph huh we need to
clone each other okay dude wait Joseph
what have you been doing this whole time
oh I just been on my phone you know the
Graham looking at buttocks all right
Joseph get in there with me okay do ya
yeah but they still look pretty Evil's
Union yeah they look evil but hopefully
they'll listen
all right chrome junior and closed Oh
Civ go make fun of clone Cody I really
hope this works Junior it'll work is
done oh man I've been cooking all night
I'm so exhausted
what do you guys want look the pieces
done okay go in sit down
they're just beating that [ __ ] yeah the
plan backfired
yes and now we have to catch three
clones instead of one well good thing I
have another awesome idea I can't wait
to hear it
that's the spirit Cody come on alright
guys this is my plan see those three
boxes right there will I put an item
that I know we each like underneath the
box
so our clones have to like what we like
is our clones so when the clone goes to
grab the item we pull this red string
right here and then oh we cats wrong wow
that's actually a pretty good idea
thanks Jody
wait is it money in that box yeah I know
you're poor so you like money wait is it
Ken yeah I know you like Ken's I put Ken
for you and I put Thomas for making I
love Thomas but wow I think this plan
might actually work yeah it's good did
you Chloe
all right Chloe your clones right there
and I'll tell you once he win [ __ ]
jinuk Cody okay okay well okay well okay
well not like oh we got my clone just
yeah okay yeah okay don't do it again
okay all right we just got your clone
yeah yeah yeah all right Joseph your
clones going for the money okay so what
I tell you to pull the string yeah you
celebrate okay my close up Michael
coming all right Cody there goes my
clone trying to grab Thomas and at the
exact right moment the exact second the
exact millisecond I'm gonna pull the
string and capture I'm okay well Ginny
you better do it he's gonna get away Oh
see there you go I knew how to kick him
I'd like to catch him oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah we did it yeah yeah so we're gonna
do we're gonna go get our clones and
we're going to teacher your clone so you
don't get expelled anymore okay let's go
all right Cody the teacher will be here
soon I hope so
what's up homie what up teach Oh hey
Cody I didn't know you were gonna be
here
well my bulletproof vest yeah we're cool
teach even though you expelled me well
Cody you said inappropriate joke at
school are you not supposed to do that
well teacher we actually found out that
Cody
didn't say the inappropriate joke it was
actually its evil twin brother
judy judy yeah Judy
yeah Kui said the joke not Cody so Cody
should be a lot of school right
well if Cody didn't say to joke and it
was actually cootie then yeah Cody can
come back to school but cootie expelled
Cody didn't go back to school okay yeah
I mean ya know for my ya know Vermont
who lives in Vermont yeah
alright guys well I'll see you to a
screw tomorrow gang game yeah yeah okay
Jenny but what are we gonna do with all
these clones ooh I know we can do with
all these clones Junior why did we put
all our clones in a box because somebody
bought our clones who would buy our
clones I don't know somebody who wants
to play with us
wait that sounds weird well how they
even buy him anyway oh it's easy you can
buy our clone
[Music]
okay I mean ethanoic calm yeah yeah yeah
if you want to buy our clothes you can
buy them there but um yeah we should get
this blocks out a way to ship it to
someone who bottom jaw so you'll put
more bandaid on our face merch puppet
you go buy let s murmur calm we got that
Joseph we got that Cody puppet yeah we
got the Bowser puppet oh my god where's
the remote
where's the remote and we also have the
Mario puppet hey guys help me help me
please Jimmy Jimmy stop it you know I'm
just so sad all the time so uh yeah um
if my family sees this Mario is actually
my favorite yes really
Jeffie stop it stop it Jimmy um I wasn't
able to use Mario in this video but you
guys can get a complete bundle of all
the new care on SML merch calm if you
want to and we also have the SML box if
you want that do bot Oh where's the
Jeffy figurine Jeffy figurine poopy like
suggesting pretty cool it's really high
quality
yes quality quality so anyway guys you
can go get the SML box you can also get
the puppets right now on as marcom make
a cool Christmas gift anyway guys we'll
see you in the next video yeah
[Music]
[Music]