so baby you want to watch a movie
tonight sure Marvin or we could not
watch a movie oo I like where this is
going Jeffy what do you want hey can I
go my what
my Jeffy I don't know what you're saying
out not nipp R it Jeffy did you do your
homework now daddy you and I both know I
did not do my damn homework Jeffy you're
not riding your I don't know where you
got this at but you're not n nipple it's
a tricycle not a n nipple
you're not writing this until you do
your homework oh come on DD I want to go
on try R Jeffy you're not writing this
until you do your homework youo reverse
card you do it what you told me to do
something and I put down the Uno reverse
card and so now you have to do it Jeffy
Uno cards don't control real life yes
they do well you know what then I just
canel it I don't have to do it well now
you got to do my homework for the next 4
days that's not what that card means
Jeffy yes it does Marvin please let him
go ride it around the house okay Jeffy
you can go ride your SN sniffle or
tricycle for 5 minutes and Jeffy you can
go ride it for 5 minutes and then you
have to do your
homework I'm about to ride the F out of
this notal I'm about to send it down the
[Music]
stairs what Happ what was that noise I
don't know but whatever it is I'm not
helping Jeffy because I told him not to
ride the bike in the
house the devil hey Marvin so uh listen
I was wondering if you could do do me a
favor why would I do a favor for you
you're the devil well listen I I have
this friend who really needs a place to
stay for a few days and I was wondering
if he could stay here why doesn't he
stay with you well oh believe me he did
but uh my wife kind of got tired of him
and so did I well if you got tired of
him won't we get tired of him no no he's
a really nice guy really he just he
likes to play games play games what kind
of games oh games you know like like Co
no like not really but games oh Marvin
that's someone that could play with
Jeffy I think it sounds like a good idea
yeah great okay he'll be over in a few
minutes no I didn't agree him to live
here what there he is now come on I'll
introduce you Billy good to see you
again did you ask yes I did and they
said you could stay here for as long as
you want really did you tell them about
the games I did I told them all about
the games yay why does he look like that
oh you
know that that's Billy anyway you to
have fun bye Marvin he's really scary I
know he looks really scary um hey hi um
this is my wife Rose and and I'm Marvin
cool um well we're going to go upstairs
and watch a movie that's hot real hot
can I use your restroom uh the
bathroom's upstairs
thanks let's go upstairs okay Marvin I
don't know if I want that man staying
with us it was your idea you said oh he
could play with Jeffy I didn't know he
was going to be that scary look baby as
long as he doesn't bother us what's the
problem I guess you're right do you want
to watch a movie yeah let's just sit
down relax and watch a movie okay wait
where's the remote I don't know it was
just here a second ago we lost the
remote check between the couch cushions
okay it was just right here why hello
Marvin do you want to play a game the
remote you're looking for is in this
face filled with glass shards and AIDS
needles so you have a decision to make
sit here in silence or watch a steamy
romcom with your wife and get down and
dirty later you
decide why would he do that I don't know
Martin don't touch it I'm not touching
it I I I just want to get the remote
like no Marvin stop how are we going to
watch a movie I'll just get my phone and
we can watch the movie on my phone okay
God he's annoying all right guys are you
ready to eat some Froot Loops Junior why
did you give us forks I looked around
the entire house I can't find any spoons
oh we can't eat cereal with forks the
milk's just going to leak out who are
you I would like to play a game all the
spoons in the house have been subtit to
knives the knives are also covered in
AIDS do you risk cutting your mouth and
getting aids for these delicious Loops
of fruit the choice is yours wa I don't
even know how to approach the
bowl okay you know what I'm just going
to eat it with the fork and then drink
the milk yeah I'm going to do that too
oh dude I can do this through the
AIDS oh man I can't wait to drink some
orange Gatorade it's my favorite a
that's enough all right time to put the
lid back on Chef PP I would like to play
a game wait who are you I flipped your
glass of Gatorade upside down so you
can't drink it wait why would you do
that you have a decision to make either
drink your Gatorade off the floor when
it pours out or die thirst the choice is
yours why would he do that maybe if I
flip it fast enough it'll it'll it'll
work God D then I broke it come back
here this is so dumb that we have to
watch a movie on our phone oh sorry
Marvin I tooted all aboard the tutu tree
I got to go to the
bathroom oh time to wipe what I want to
play a game you need to wipe but the
toilet paper's been replaced with duct
tape or you can use sandpaper so the
choice is yours sticky bum rashy bum
juice
wisely ow ow ow what's wrong baby I
chose sandpaper what I don't want to
talk about it Marvin can we just watch
our movie we can't my phone died oh no
well I'll go plug it into the
charger H it's not charging well make
sure the Charger's Plugged In The Wall
okay uh-oh who zip tied the charger
what's wrong Marvin can't charge your
phone you zip tied the charger I zip
tied that charger now what could help
you got that zip tie a pair of scissors
a pair of scissors come on Marvin cut it
you zip tied the scissors oh I did I I
didn't even realize you know I think we
should play a game no not another game
the only pair of scissors in the house
that isn't zip tied is in this face of
broken glass and AIDS needles you decide
Marvin charge your phone or
Aids okay that's it Craig we need you
back here oh hey Marvin how are things
going with Bailey bad oh he's playing
the broken glass and a needles game
again he likes that one he did this to
you too oh yeah this is his favorite he
made me choose between duct tape and
sand paper oh I chose the duct tape But
Then I wiped my butt with a non-sticky
side but then the Sticky Side got stuck
to my hand and I made a big poopy mess
everywhere e what are you talking about
don't worry about it just don't go to
the bathroom well Billy's got to go no
come on Billy's a nice guy he just
doesn't have a lot of friends I can see
why he does this every time well have
you thought about playing a normal game
with Billy like Connect 4 or hungry
hungry hipples yeah Marvin maybe he's
such a bad guy because he doesn't have a
lot of friends I guess guess we can try
playing normal games with them and try
to get them some friends okay great so
just let me know if you need anything
else Billy can you come in here hey
Marvin did you call because you wanted
to play a game yes me and my wife
actually want to play a game perfect
this rubber ducky is covered in eight
needles the winner whoever squeezes it
the most the loser dies the winner also
gets AIDS no we're not going to play
this game why not because you don't have
to hurt people when you play games you
don't no you can play a nice fun safe
game like my four yeah we we can play
tug of war let me grab some rope oh I
got it barb wire wait we're not using
barb wire covered in AIDS no we're not
going to use this why not because it's
going to hurt we need to play games that
are nice and fun and safe like rock
paper scissors oh and the loser gets on
paper cot beat to death with a rock or
stabbed in the ey with scissors but no
you're trying to hurt people again you
don't have to hurt people look why don't
we play a nice fun board game where we
tie someone to a board and sold them in
half if they can't tell their ABCs
backwards wa no no look let me go grab a
board game okay Billy this game is
called con four it's nice and fun and
safe
watch so does the loser get four fingers
cut off no do they die no do they get
AIDS no then what's the point it's
supposed to be fun look take your red
piece and put it in there is it going to
electrocute me
no h nothing happened I I know you're
supposed to connect four ah then the
AIDS no no one gets AIDS look it's just
supposed to be fun oh idea Marvin how
are you going to connect for when one of
your pieces is covered in eight glass
okay you know what let's play a
different game I was thinking the same
thing bigger robber ducky with eight
needles okay we're going to play a
different game I'm going to get it okay
Billy this game is called Pictionary ooh
how do I play well you pick a card you
draw what's on the card and we have to
guess what you're drawing if you don't
guess it right do you get pushed into a
meat grinder no nothing happens if we
don't guess it right
lame ooh that's a good
one all right C it looks like a man on
fire ooh close what's another way you
could say that um a burning man she got
it right there's no way the card says
burning man you just wanted to draw
something bad oh yeah Read It and Weep
what it does say burning man yeah so I
can just go again Marvin this is kind of
fun yeah it's nice and safe and no one
gets hurt yeah yeah I kind of like go
what okay this is this is just bad
you're drawing a guy prying his eyes out
you got it right there's no way the card
says prying your eyes out you just want
to say something bad it says it right
there that says cry your eyes out I mean
he's crying his eyes out in pain AIDS he
does not have AIDS yes he does he he
just can't see in the picture yes okay
look go go again but draw something
that's not bad okay
okay I I wish he would draw something
fun like you know a puppy dog this one's
going to take a while you got to give me
a second okay um a kitty cat yeah a
little kitty cat or like you know a tree
okay yes okay this is just barb wire you
got it right see the card says barbwire
yeah okay I'm done playing games with
you everything's about death and hurting
stuff oh come on Marvin just one more
game what what one more game got the
rubber turkey covered in eight needles
okay that's it I want you out of my
house you're not allowed to stay here
anymore oh come on Marvin we were having
so much fun playing games no we're not
having fun I think it's time for you to
go oh that's part of the game Marvin I'm
never leaving you're going to leave
right now no I'm not hey Daddy I just
woke up from being unconscious after
taking my S sniffle down the stairs not
right now Jeffy we're dealing with
something oh my God is that a tricycle
yeah it's a tricycle what about it I
would do anything for that tricycle
anything for that tricycle oh yeah would
you leave and never come back oh you
would never see me again Jeffy can you
please give this guy your tricycle no
way daddy this is my n nipple but who's
the clown his name is Billy Jeffy look I
will do anything I will I will buy you
whatever you want I'll take you to
Disney World I'll do whatever you want
if you give if if you give him your
tricycle buy me whatever I want okay I
guess I'll give him myle but I just want
to do one thing I would like to play a
game I love playing games all right
Billy you ready to go down the stairs
Best Day Ever all right here you go
[Music]