H I wonder what Jonathan wants me to
make him for dinner a kid cuisine or
Dino chicken nuggets hey Jonathan come
down here and tell Mommy what you want
me to make you for
dinner I'm going to kill you no you're
not are you serious bro I'm cracked this
game seriously no you're not you suck I
am cracked right now why don't you ask
my three hoos in all over me you don't
have any hoes oh yeah speak hoes oh Zach
Attack those are real that just you're
doing a girl voice stop it you're going
to make my girlfriend jealous she's
watching on the other screen Jonathan
get down here and tell me what you want
for dinner get out that damn video game
before I come up there and whoop that
tushy coming
mother you still live with your mom hey
so do you no I don't shut up yes Mother
what do you want for dinner Kid Cuisine
or Dino chicken nuggets mom you know
that every Wednesday is Dino chicken nug
YY night I'm sorry Jonathan my memory
ain't been so good ever since I had
those three Strokes from smoking and
drinking since I was 13 I
know what the hell you doing stand here
going to the damn door yes ma'am yeah
you Buck to SpongeBob looking [ __ ] hey
yo well Jonathan's getting kid cuis in
cuz he didn't answer the damn door fast
enough he don't move oh no what's this
please don't have your way with me
please don't do the Eiffel Tower e
you're coming with us whatever you say
big boy I like your
rough there all tied up oh ropes you
know I like your kinky we're not here
for you we're here for money oh is it
because I stole money during Bingo night
well tell that [ __ ] Lois that the free
space on her Bingo C didn't count no
this doesn't have anything to do with
Bingo listen your son's a cop right yeah
good that means that he's willing to pay
a lot L of money to set you free I don't
know about that well we're going to find
out I'm going to go ahead and call the
cops but you make sure you scream like
you're dying in the background I got you
all right it's read 911 what's your
emergency we hit hostages and we're not
afraid to kill him you better give us
some money I'm sorry who is this it
doesn't matter who this is just know
that we have one of your officers mother
and his brother tied up here listen come
on oh this is the part where you open a
scream yeah oh
okay it helps me these two sexy
[ __ ] got me tied up please
don't shove this baseball bat my ass
yeah all right there's enough of that
you you get the picture you got to bring
us $2 million in unlock bills to this
location or I'm going to shoot both the
hostages because I I definitely have a
gun and and maybe more hostages too wait
wait wait I'm sorry do you have a gun or
not uh yeah yeah I definitely have a gun
and how many hostages are there uh two
plus some more maybe okay I'm going to
assume you have two hostages so I'm
going to send some cops over there and
surround the building it's protocol oh
yeah of of course but you better bring
the money and unlock bills and don't
come in unless you have did they buy it
I think so officer guy get in here yes
sir officer Simmons I only called for
officer guy I know but I'm nosy okay
well guy I'm afraid I have some bad news
for you it seems your mother and brother
are uh dead no but they have been
kidnapped and they are being held for
ransom at gunpoint and the kidnappers
say if they don't get the ransom they're
going to kill them both oh my God is
today my birthday I don't think it's my
birthday Simmons is it my birthday I
don't think so then why am I being given
so many gifts this must be the second
coming of Jesus I must be dreaming
somebody pinch me ow I'm not dreaming so
this really is the best day of my life
but guy your mother and brother could be
killed in any minute uh-huh I know
that's why I'm so happy but mate we got
to save your mom she's so sexy I just
want to take a stick and run it across
the wrinkles on her ass like a zhone ew
Simmons ew guy you're going to go rescue
your mother and brother and negotiate a
better Ransom but how much are they
asking for them now $2 million okay just
let them kill them they're not worth
that much you're going to go rescue them
and that's an order come on mate we got
to go save your mom my future wife and
my future stepson oh don't call them
that come out now we have the place
surrounded hey there sus what's the
situation the what the situation the
situation why wouldn't you just say the
word situation you basically said said
it anyway okay what's going on in there
your mother and brother are tied up
inside and the kidnappers don't want to
nego they just want their money oh well
have you tried yelling at them with the
megaphone yes that's all I've been doing
give up come outside now H I can't
believe that didn't work here let me see
the
horn sir what the hell the Canadian
moose during mating season and now the
yak yak
yeah sir yeah okay okay okay I'm going
to actually talk to him this time hey
there it's the cop whose family you
kidnap listen I think you should just
kill him I mean you're going to prison
for a long time anyway so I think you
should just go nuts in there sir what
the hell are you doing I'm doing like
reverse psychology you know maybe maybe
if I tell them to kill them they won't
well sir stop it listen I think we
should all just go to Applebee's while
they figure this out you know two for 20
appetizers huh hey Brooklyn guys outside
good he's going to pay a bunch of money
to save his family Simmons out there
tell him I miss meat pipe I'm going to
go talk to him no to the appetizers or
sir sir sir someone's coming out the
door oh I hope they're not releasing
them what hey you got my money what I
said that you got my money what the hell
did he say I don't know what what what I
said that you got my money say something
about honey we don't have any honey I
said money you jackass look I'm going to
go up there and talk to him hey I'm
going to come up there don't worry I'm
not armed you want me to come with you m
no no Simmons I I think maybe I should
negotiate with him I mean it's my family
after all all right well if you need
backup just hold up no no no it's okay I
don't need backup I got to convince him
to kill him hey don't take another step
forward or I'm killing your family hey I
said don't take another step you said
you were going to kill him come on do it
listen did you bring my $2 million
really $2 million for them have you even
met them it's not like you kidnapped
Margo Robbie or Leonardo DiCaprio You
kidnapped like Jared Fogle nobody wants
that you should really just kill him cuz
I mean hey you might even get less time
right cuz there's no iwitness is they
can't testify against you in court and I
mean hey I'm face blind so I don't know
what you look like you could get away
with this look if you don't give me $2
million I will kill your family okay
you're not going to get any money okay
I'm talking nothing not a zip zilch zero
the department is completely broke
you're not getting paid you're really
bad at negotiating yes I am listen I
don't think you understand if you do not
bring me my $2 million I will kill your
mother and your brother I know and that
sucks you know I really wish you
wouldn't do that but I mean hey I mean
you're not getting paid so I mean you
got to do what you got to do right so I
guess you might as well do it cuz
otherwise I'm going to have to tell
every other criminal in town that you're
a [ __ ] who doesn't do what he says he's
going to do so you should probably just
go ahead and shoot him I I don't have a
gun what you don't have a gun that's
fine I mean I got a gun I got tons of
gun hold hold on you can have my gun
here I'll just say you stole it off me
there you go oh well thank you give me a
wallet oh I I actually I I don't have a
wallet nobody in the department has a
wallet we um we we get paid in Dogecoin
so we're broke as [ __ ] well how about I
tell your mother all the mean things
you've been saying about her okay I
don't care I'll tell her myself hey Mom
I hope he shoots you with a gun I gave
him yeah that's why you're my least
favorite son you piece of [ __ ] yeah well
guess who's tight up yeah well maybe I
like being tight up you get a pinky in
your ass wait who's pinky my own really
that's worth $2 million to you how about
this since you hate your family so much
if you don't bring me the $2 million
I'll let him go wa [ __ ] hold on we don't
have to do anything crazy hold on just
um hold on I'm going to call my boss and
you're going to get your money okay I
promise just don't let him
go oh it's so bad in there oh guys how'd
it go then mate how's your mom oh it's
terrible Simmons oh we really got to get
that hostage money or they're going to
kill both of them oh it's so bad I I I
got to go in the car to call the chief
cuz it's it's cold out here just hold on
all right let me call the chief hello
did you rescue those hostages yet no sir
it's so bad in there they're torturing
my family they've already pulled off all
their fingernails and they made them eat
them and then they said they're going to
start hitting their toes with a hammer
neck we really got to give them that $2
million oh God $2 million is a lot of
money are you sure you can't talk them
down to like maybe 150,000 I think we
could afford that no no sir sir it's got
to be 2 million they're going to kill my
family oh my God they're torturing them
right now it's so terrible I I I just
saw them shoot my mom in the arm where I
don't see it it's right there in the
window I can see it I want to go save
her s I'm lying don't what nothing I'll
call you back later damn it Simmons I'll
save you bus no no no no no Simmons
Simmons No what the hell was that get on
the ground freeze you two Simmons is
that my big sexy hero you know it budy
oh damn it Simmons what's wrong mate you
yeah you're a
hero officer Simmons you showed extreme
courage and balls of steel when you ran
into that house and took down that
gunman so for that I award you the
county Congressional trophy of honor
award thank you sir but sir I've always
wanted the county Congressional trophy
of honor award well you're not the one
who ran in there and took down two
criminals by himself and how the hell
did they even get a hold of your gun
anyway guy he uh he stole it off me I'm
going to review your body cam footage
[ __ ] don't do that come on Simmons let's
go to your car and I'll take out my
ditches and give you some Wicked
Dome what happened and where's my Dino
Nugget hey guys it's Logan we officially
launched an SML gaming channel go
subscribe right now we're going to be
uploading gaming videos every single day
so please go subscribe to the new SML
gaming channel for new content every
single day me in Bill TOS Jeffy ow I'm
dead I'm so incredibly dead help me why
would you break it where you at does
help me come here come here why Joseph
why not Logan help I mean Junior help
yeah why not Logan I'm a little offended
you don't want me to help you're the one
who killed me because you built a floor
where I was trying to climb up wait
where's Jeffy I'm over here getting shot
at oh yeah I forgot their people