what what where am I would you like to
play a game a game you are currently
laying on a bed made of wood
if you cannot say your ABC's backwards
within 15 seconds you will be impaled by
this wall of sparks covered in a zyx wba
well [ __ ] all right you're free to go
cut that was a good scene no no no damn
it Billy what's wrong Steve well Billy
the studio wants to cancel Saw 11 what
why we're almost done filming well I
guess people are just tired of seeing
the same thing over and over again
seeing people escape from traps and
getting AIDS but these spikes are
covered in AIDS well Billy I think the
studio is tired of all the aids i'm
tired of AIDS i know it's tired of AIDS
come on it's It's AIDS i'm sorry Billy
you're going to have to get a new job a
new job but But Steve what are you going
to do i think I can help you find a job
please Steve
okay Billy i got a list of jobs here for
you ooh are any of them working at an
AIDS clinic no I don't see that on the
list what about an abortion clinic nope
okay executioner out of prison nuh-uh
the job I have for you is a teller at a
bank a bank is it a blood bank nope just
a regular money bank for money but look
you're already wearing a suit okay
hello Mr billy please mr billy was my
father just call me Billy all right
Billy have you ever worked at a bank
before yes a blood bank contaminating
all the blood with AIDS
okay well we don't do that work here we
work with money well do you offer
financial aids we do actually perfect
put me in that department well no you
have to work your way up to that you're
going to start here as a bank teller
okay so people are going to walk up to
you and ask to deposit or withdraw money
and you do that okay and we keep the
money here because it's more convenient
mhm m and the computer's just for show
okay I'll be right over there if you
need anything okay I got it next
customer hey there hello would you like
to play a game no I don't want to play a
game i would just like to make a
withdrawal please okay how much $100 out
of checking oh perfect let me go grab
that for you but while you wait may I
interest you in some lollipops lollipops
oh yeah look at all the different
flavors just reach in there and grab one
no I'm okay no come on just reach in
there and grab that [ __ ] no I just like
my money please no fine oh God all right
here's your $100 but it's in a rash wrap
covered in AIDS if you want your money
so bad you have to risk crushing your
hand or do you go home with your pockets
empty through the sard h I really do
want my money you know what
[ __ ] the money was worth it
though he has pizza
billy what just happened with that last
customer it went perfect i took the
customer's money and I put it in a rat
trap covered in AIDS so when the
customer went to grab his money it
crushed his hand giving him a Wait wait
wait let me get this straight you put
the customer's money on a rat trap yeah
and the rat trap crushed his hand that's
right billy you can't work here anymore
you can't hurt the customers a come on
he's the one that chose to play the game
and he won no Billy i'm sorry but we're
going to have to let you go oh well how
about we talk this over some lollipops i
put a special one in there for you oh
okay well I do like the purple ones no
not that one okay well what about this
yellow one no not that one okay let's
see pink oh not that one let me just
wrap it for you okay mystery flavored
that's a needle i know
well Willie I knew you wouldn't be the
right fit for a bank anyway well I gave
a guy AIDS at least oh great well the
next job opening I have for you is an
employee at a gas station a gas station
like a gas chamber no like gasoline for
cars like gasoline that you light on
fire and goes kaboom no it goes vroom
vroom cuz it's in a car
okay welcome to the gas station have you
ever seen one before no I haven't okay
well it's pretty simple then the
customers will get their stuff they'll
come up to the counter and then you ring
it up you have to hit the buttons with
your roof and the only customers that
you have to look out for are the black
ones just like the bank yep so u you do
it okay i got it
condoms if I take this AIDS needle and I
poke the condoms with it then the guy
will get AIDS the girl will get AIDS and
the baby will get AIDS a three for one
AIDS
special hello Mr karma Man i want to buy
these chips but I ain't know how much
Dims is and I ain't got no money uh
they're
$2.99 y'all accept food stamps or EBP do
you have either of those no then yes we
accept them man why the chips got to be
so expens $2.99 all it is some thinly
sliced potatoes listen man i don't like
the prices either oh y'all got pushy
pops how much the pushy pop be is oh the
push pops are free as long as you take
your complimentary flu shot man and see
my cousin doodoo ass he got the flu shot
one time and he still got sick and then
he died last week oh it looks like he
won the grand prize and then my other
cousin Pooky he got the flu shot when he
was a baby and he grew up [ __ ] and I
mean I still copy off his paper in
school though but listen man there's
only one thing you can get for free here
you seem like a big fella magnum condom
oh you see my cousin Pooky he used a
condom once and he still got them girl
pregnant nips well this is 100%
guaranteed to get you okay man i'll try
it but I'm still going to take the pushy
pop and the chips too and I ain't paying
for none of them that's fine it's on the
house so how's it going great i saw one
of those people you told me to watch out
for earlier and did he pay nope why
didn't he pay well uh because I gave it
to them for free but you can't be giving
away my products for free they have to
pay the money well my thought process
was they take the product for free they
go home and try it out and then they
come back and buy some more you're an
idiot you're too busy making a condom
kebab to make people pay for the stuff
that they're trying to buy from the
store you are fired get out of my store
damn it well Billy you're not really
good at this working thing are you no
but I think I might have given a guy's
baby AIDS i won't know for another 9
months though well Billy you sure are a
sick [ __ ] well how about a job working
as a waiter at Applebees aids old Bees
that's not even clever okay I'll give it
a shot
oh man marvin I'm so glad we're going
out on a boy's date you know I really
hate calling it a date sounds kind of
gay it's not like we're going to bang
after this well let's see how dinner
goes hello everyone my name is Clarissa
i'll be your server and today I have
Billy here with me who is training i
hate when they're training somebody new
hey listen up buddy i'm kind of a
regular around here so you're going to
want to memorize my order whenever they
see me coming in they know they got a
hungry boy coming yeah I actually happen
to be part of the Applebees yourself
reward program clarissa tell them how
many points I have he doesn't always pay
for his meal i do not because I only pay
when I like the service oh [ __ ] you
Billy ask them what they would like to
drink what would you gentlemen like to
drink may I interest you in some
lemonades or gator aids or maybe some
power aids no I'll just have a Mountain
Dew darkberry dash i'll have a Pepsi
okay Billy why don't you ask them if
they're ready to order are you ready to
order am I ready yeah I think I'm ready
hold on let me see here um I will have a
steak cooked extra rare i'll also have
some chicken wonton tacos and uh some
chicken tenders and some cheese sticks
oh and of course the kids cheese pizza
and for you sir oh you thought I was
done he really must be new here uh I
would also like some chicken Alfredo
thank you okay and for you sir I'll have
a cheeseburger okay so you want a steak
cooked extra rare a kids cheese pizza
chicken one ton tacos chicken tenders
and chicken Alfredo and mozzarella
sticks and for you sir you want a
cheeseburger damn Marvin he remembered
the whole thing i like this guy i might
actually pay for my meal today you know
what i'll be right back with your order
all right gentlemen order up bone apple
dye this looks delicious would you
gentlemen like to play a game ooh food
and entertainment yeah okay we'll play a
game let's just say each one of your
meals before you has a secret ingredient
let's start with your kids cheese pizza
would you rather bite the bullet or go
hungry are there [ __ ] bullets on my
pizza or your steak are you going to eat
it or say screw that are these screws
your mozzarella sticks they are finger
cutting good or your chicken tenders 13
poisons and spices don't worry there's
nothing wrong with your chicken Alfredo
except that you forgot to ask for it to
be Gorilla Glue 10 free it's covered in
Gorilla Blue your chicken tacos they
just got vaccinated with eggs did I
forget to mention that all the meals are
covered in eggs
what's wrong with my cheeseburger oh
there's nothing wrong with your
cheeseburger it's just a classic
cheeseburger covered in aids so Chapman
you decide eat your food and suffer pain
or go hungry
clarissa a word yes what the [ __ ] what
did he do to our food i see nothing
wrong here yeah okay we're going to take
our business elsewhere we're going to
Red Lobster come on Marvel i'll see you
there damn it Billy you've been fired
from every job I've given you i know the
only two things I'm good at is setting
traps and giving people AIDS i
suck just give me my movie bird Steve
well they're still not going to make S
11 but I do have another movie for you
really what movie is it tell me where
she is Joer tell me would you like to
play a game Batman we don't have time
for games tell me where she is she is
currently locked inside of a building
tied to barrels of gasoline rigged to
explode in 5 minutes but also there is a
ferry filled with Gotham citizens also
set to explode so which will you choose
save the love of your life or save the
city you swore to protect why would you
do this Joker how do I say both it's not
about the AIDS Batman it's about sending
the message tell me how I say both do
you want to know how I got these spirals
on my cheeks Batman you see my father he
came up to me and he said "Why so
eight?" Okay I can't do this anymore i
can't keep working with someone who
keeps saying AIDS all the time i can't
do this anymore
[Music]