ugh i finally get a day to just sit back
relax and not go anywhere come on marvin
we're all going to the beach what the
beach yes the beach it'll be fun yeah
day i'm gonna swim in whale poop i don't
want to go to the beach it's hot and
sandy i don't like it but marvin it's a
beautiful day out we need to be outside
no i don't want to go and today i'm also
going to tan my beach balls well i'm not
going you guys go i'ma stay here no
we're all going marvin you're being a
stupid beach very mature come on
marvin isn't the beach so nice no i hate
it it's hot i want to go home marvin
stop whining just try to relax hey dan
can you help me build a sandcastle no i
don't want to play in the sand i don't
want to get all sandy marvin go build a
sand castle with jeffy i don't want to
well can i go play in your water no
jeffy you might drown marvin let him
have some fun yes jeffy you can go
swimming just don't go out too far yay
can we go home yet no marvin we just got
here oh i just lay on the towel
water
scary water
see marvin isn't this relaxing yeah i
guess it is
someone needs help
i got you bro
don't worry i got you i'm not gonna let
you down oh my god thank you for saving
him we're not out of the woods yet
breathe damn it breathe
oh you saved my life mister oh thank you
for saving our son yeah it's what i do
wait brad
rose i haven't seen you in forever what
you know each other yeah he's one of my
exes marvin you didn't tell me about
bread yeah he was not important enough
to come up hey what's up man my name is
brad with a big d at the end cause when
a girl goes on a date with me that's
what she gets at the end a big d well it
was nice to meet you brad thanks for
saving our son let's go no marvin wait
we should do something nice we should
invite him to dinner we don't do
anything nice for him he's a lifeguard
he's supposed to save people but i'm
actually not a lifeguard i was just
laying on the beach working on my
perfect tan and i saw that kid needed
help so i just did what any good person
would do well that's nice that's really
nice brad so we're gonna leave now no
marvin we have to thank him we don't
have to thank him brad come to dinner
tonight okay but i'm pescatarian so i
only eat fish but you know that wouldn't
you rose
he likes salmon oh okay well that's real
nice all right well we're gonna leave
come on jeffy
jeffy i'm so glad you're okay i can't
believe you invited your ex to dinner
wow thanks for caring daddy marvin he
saved jeffy's life who cares again
thanks for caring daddy well you didn't
save him marvin i would have if i would
have had a swimming suit on i had this
outfit on your only outfit yeah and to
be fair danny you did wear a tie to the
beat i didn't want to go to the beach
you literally dragged me there marvin
we're gonna thank him and cook him a
nice dinner i'm not cooking him dinner
i'm not doing anything for that weirdo
well fine chef pee pee will do it then
chef pee pee yes chef pee pee i already
paid him you paid champion to cook
dinner for him yes marvin we don't have
much but we can thank him over a nice
dinner why do we have to thank him i'm
sure you thanked him enough when y'all
dated how'd you even meet the guy anyway
i was in california at the santa monica
pier and we hooked up a couple of times
jesus a couple times i was young marvin
it didn't mean anything
if it didn't mean anything then why did
why is saving jeffy meaning something to
you like don't talk to the guy i don't
like him ugh you don't have to like him
marvin but we do have to thank him over
a nice dinner why does it have to be a
dinner why can't we write him a letter
you want to write him a letter yeah i'll
write him two letters f you marvin oh
that's a good one daddy give me four
fingers that's what i'm talking about
that was smooth go downstairs and help
shove pee pee cook the dinner oh i'll
help all right i'll do stuff to the food
this looks delicious hey chef pee pee my
wife said you're cooking dinner oh yeah
it just got done this looks amazing i
know thank you what are you doing what
is it not supposed to look good no my
wife's inviting her ex-boyfriend over
for dinner oh with her ex oh why don't
you just break up with her well her ex
kind of saved jeffy's life he was
drowning and she wants to make it up to
him by bringing him over for dinner oh
well that makes sense i thought you
sucked that cookie i thought you made
disgusting food well not when i'm
getting paid and your wife paid me 20 so
i went all out well
i'll pay you 20 extra more dollars to
spit in the food like i wouldn't do
gross things to it like when he eats
this food i want him to throw up like
when he sees his food i want him to
never want to come back ever again
that's how gross i want to be oh you
want me to go all out yeah i want you to
ruin this food okay let's start with
this
oh that's so gross i know i know oh
that's disgusting watch this
whoops
hey marvin let's put the strip in this
litter box oh that's disgusting let's do
it
isn't this the most diabolical
disgusting horrible meal you've ever
seen yeah oh it makes me want to throw
up oh yeah that guy's definitely not
gonna want your wife after he eats this
oh yeah definitely not he's gonna take
one bite he's gonna run away and never
talk to her again oh yeah definitely
okay i'm gonna tell my wife that
dinner's ready so uh just make something
normal for me and my wife okay okay are
you gonna pay me for that too
yes
yes
all right baby dinner is ready
wow marvin you seem to be in a good mood
yeah i realized i was being stupid
getting mad that your ex-boyfriend's
coming over for dinner well i'm glad
you've matured marvin yeah
who's that that's probably brad ugh
let's answer the door okay hello hi brad
what's up thank you so much for coming
to dinner thanks for not wearing a shirt
oh i don't believe in shirts i just feel
like they constrict me and i gotta be
free you know he's a free spirit you
know did you have to bring a surfboard
to dinner oh yeah you never know when a
gnarly wave's gonna rip by and also it's
basically a part of my body like
literally help it's fused with my hand
help well come inside
that's what she said
to me
just shut up and come inside so like i
mentioned at the front door this
surfboard is stuck to my hand so please
help me mm-hmm
doesn't this food look good bradley uh
my name's actually brad with a big d at
the end because when i take girls on
dates i know you already explained it
just look at the food oh chef peepee
made me a salad so brad what do you do
for a living bro i live for a living you
don't have a job no wow baby it sounds
like you dated a total bomb well
actually marvin brad's family is very
wealthy yeah have you heard of the shell
gas stations yeah yeah well my family
invented those check the necklace your
family invented the shell gas station
yeah so i'm loaded like a baked potato
so all i do all day is just surf look at
beautiful chicks and beg people to help
me with the surfboard that's stuck to my
hand please help me someone well i think
it's time for us to eat because i'm as
hungry as a shark you know i get bit by
a shark one time really yeah at the
aquarium petting zoo i punched him right
in the nose cause that's how you deal
with sharks in case you didn't know
you're so brave yeah i kept all its
teeth on a necklace back home i got it
at the gift shop i can give you one if
you want but i only give it to people i
really care about well i think we should
focus on eating let's dig in yeah
unfortunately i am left-handed and like
i said i have this surfboard stuck to my
hand so please dear god someone help me
well you could just like you know eat
with your face like a little piggy like
a little dirty pig boy like a little
like a little stinky pig boy
yeah i i guess i guess i'll do that
did he it's okay he just he just had a
mouthful
he's fine
marvin what brad
bradley
bradford
oh no baby i think he's dead
no no no calm down just hold on hold on
i'm gonna call a doctor and i'll be
talking to chef pee pee
 baby chef baby hold on hold on let
me guess marvin
he hated it no no no no no he had a
stomach ache and pooped everywhere no he
threw up and pooped no no he ran out of
the house crying like a little baby
no he's dead what he's dead no he can't
be not from the food he died from eating
the food we killed him no we didn't kill
him no we just made the food dirty
whatever we did poison him and now he's
dead and we're going to go to jail no
we're not going to jail i'm not going to
jail for your relationship issues my
body's too tight for that oh my my wife
wants me to call a doctor what do we do
look look i'mma dress up like a doctor
and i'm just tell her that everything's
fine he's just sleeping or something
like that and then we're going to bury
the body oh i like that idea that's a
really smart idea i love that yeah yeah
i'm very smart i know what i'm doing oh
okay get a doctor outfit okay
poor
brad what did you call the doctor uh
yeah he should be here any moment hey
hey hey uh did somebody call a doctor
yes doctor he choked it i think he's
dead oh no he can't be dead no no no not
from eating all this good food he's
probably just sleeping with his eyes
open yeah crazy kid let me check his
pulse who knew
marvin he's dead he doesn't have a pulse
i know that just lie to her is he dead
oh no he's not dead he's just sleeping
with his eyes open yeah some people fall
asleep after eating good food he's just
in a food coma that's what they call it
oh i think i've heard of those before
yeah yeah
yeah so doctor what would you suggest we
do with the sleeping body uh oh we
should drag the sleeping body to bed
yeah yeah yeah yeah so we're gonna take
the body and put it in bed you just
finish your salad baby
come on doctor hurry
all right muffin let's get rid of this
body muffin oh yeah you know i love that
mustache baby no no i gotta fight these
urges we gotta focus on the body yeah
the body first so how would we get rid
of the body you said we were gonna bury
it no we can't bury the police dog can
sniff out the body and and dig up the
body and we'll get caught oh we gotta
think of it another way to get rid of
the body oh have you seen breaking bad
yeah i see it breaking bad yeah they put
the body in the bathtub and then they
pour the acid over it so it eats up the
body oh that's genius yeah there will be
no proof and there'll be no evidence and
then the cops can't find them oh yeah
let's do that let's do that get the ass
okay i'll get the acid you take the body
the bathtub okay all right i got the
acid body decomposing acid why did you
even buy this they saw it at home depot
in the i don't want to get caught
section you actually bought it well i
use cash there's no trace okay good good
no trace i like that all right so i'm
gonna put the body in the bathtub and
you're gonna put the ass on all right
okay all right let's do that
who's that i don't know let's answer it
okay hello hey oh no the cops they must
have found out about brad's body ah
hey
what was that what was what that that
thing you just did oh that was our
secret handshake yeah a handshake you
guys didn't touch hands usually
handshakes have hand touching at least
oh no no we don't do that that's it's
james
yeah yeah you know you know the
pandemics going on right
yeah yeah
so what are you doing here well i'm
looking for a guy named brad i don't
know a guy named brad i don't know no i
don't know brad
do you know brad no i don't know brad no
i don't know brad either i i know it's
just a chef i know a chat i think chat
you know you two are the definition of
suspicious suspicious
don't get to fight these urges what what
what was that no nothing nothing no we
don't know a brad you should
yeah you should ask the neighbors if
they've seen brad well i did and they
said they saw brad come here earlier
today they did
okay stop stop doing that i don't like
that well look we have not seen brad and
and it's like it's like it hasn't been
72 hours has it so he can't have a
missing person's report yeah yeah but
his family's rich and they put a tracker
in his surfboard and it says that he's
in here
okay fine he's here he's sleeping in the
bathtub what are you doing look i know
what i'm doing yeah he's in the bathtub
why is he in your bathtub he just wanted
to take a nap so he just wanted to chill
so just chill homie
okay i'm gonna search the house
so when the cop comes in the house hit
him over the head with a rolling pin all
right gotcha excuse me did you just fart
no no i heard what you just said what
would i say you told him to hit me in
the head with a rolling pin no i didn't
oh see that's just a figure of speech
yeah yeah yeah yeah in my house uh that
hit him in the head with a rolling pin
means offer him a drink yeah yeah are
you thirsty what kind of
flavor rolling pin would you like yeah
yeah what rolling pin i don't want a
rolling pin i don't want a tall glass of
rolling pin i just want to go find brad
so you two are gonna stay in front of me
the whole time oh he just wants to look
at her booties weirdos
little butt boy no i'm not a butt look
shut up i don't want to hear a word at
either of you show me brad okay
all right officer here's brad
huh body decomposing acid what do you
need that for uh what you see uh i was
shaving in the bathtub and my hair got
caught in the drain and the people at
home depot said uh to use body
decomposing acid to get the hair out of
the drain because it can decompose
bodies and there's hair on bodies and
the hair from my body is what clogged
the drain yeah yeah that thick mustache
here yeah yeah yeah so that's what i was
gonna use that for really because
there's a body right there next to the
body decomposing acid that's not a body
that's bread yeah that's just bread yeah
yeah he's sleeping yeah doing brass
stuff yeah he looks like he's sleeping
with his eyes open and a shrimp in his
mouth what you've never been in a food
coma sir yeah food or food promo well no
actually i haven't cause my wife doesn't
cook good enough for that to happen oh
well huh
hey hey hey you both had something to do
with this so you're both going to jail
oh come on i don't want to go to jail
so that's what happens what hold on he's
not dead
he's not no he has a very light pulse
well you can still save him yeah let me
just uh get my doctor outfit on drag him
upstairs and do cpr
do it right here no no no no no no no
it's gotta be upstairs
i'll bring upstairs we're gonna fix all
right all right doc we have them on the
couch all right i got my outfit on i'm
ready to do some cpr hurry hurry hurry
ew there's a shrimp in the way i don't
like shrimp all right let's get that out
of there
he's breathing
oh hey i have a really bad shellfish
allergy what you have a shellfish
allergy i thought you were a pescetarian
well yeah but not that pesky what oh wow
i guess you guys aren't going to jail
after all we're not going to jail i'm
free
hey marvin is brad okay yeah i'm okay
babe he has a shellfish allergy wow hey
since there's a doctor here hey doc you
think you could take the surfboard off
my hand it's like stuck there and it's
ruining my life please do god help me
all right you folks have a nice night
[Music]