so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know Junior maybe change your
smoke detector that's Chef peepee's job
dude let's make a rap song oh that'd be
so fun all right Cody drop a beat for me
yeah
yeah okay
yeah
yeah I got a ball on my shirt I go
outside to eat dirt oh she mess with me
you get hurt I Leave You Blue like a
Smurf oh Leave You Blue like a Smurf a
Smurf because when you beat up people
they turn blue like a Smurf like a Smurf
oh that was cool Joseph yeah that was
not the Dome too dude I don't know
Joseph that was pretty mid wait wait why
are you hitting on my bars Cody yeah
Cody that was awesome nah I gave you
that sick ass DJ Mustard style beat and
that was the res you bring to it it's
kind of lame my right shoe could make a
better rep than that what shoes can't
even talk yeah your shoe can't rot
better than Joseph I wouldn't say
anything like that with you yeah that's
me the shoe on your foot look and I can
make a better rap song than these fools
well then do it what oh you trying to
put me on the spot okay okay
what what I'm a shoe
what you ain't got no soul
what pulling strings in this hole
[Music]
that [ __ ] went pretty hard yeah I told
you I go hard see in the game for a
while wow Joseph Cody's shoe did rap
better than you whatever dude look how
about we go outside and play basketball
look I got something to say too
basketball yeah y'all been playing
around with me for too long and I gotta
say what I gotta say right now okay then
say it
okay okay you think you can put me on
the spot too all right then let's go
home
[Music]
wow I'm sorry basketball I didn't know
you felt that way yeah I'm getting tired
of being dribbled all the time it makes
me dizzy well that is what you were
designed for what no I didn't have
basketball look
look yeah I can confirm that balls do
have feelings well I'm so sorry
basketball let's just go home Cody why
is everything rapping I don't know it is
kind of weird maybe we're just hungry
and that's why we're hallucinating oh
yeah let's go ask Chef people to make us
something to eat yeah these Burgers look
delicious hey Chef Pee Pee not right now
Junior look I'm making hamburgers you
should be grilling up some wieners with
no buns I don't have any wieners Cody
you get one in your pants you sexy mofo
yo shut up look what do you guys want
well I think me and Cody are really
hungry because we've been hallucinating
all day like we've seen random objects
start rapping what I just can't rap
Junior oh I wouldn't say all that
spatula yeah spatula what the spatula
you can talk yeah and I have something
to say okay
Hey where's the meat oh my God
put it all in my face yum yum
I'm a spatula let me make you a grilled
cheese I'm really thin squeeze me
between your butt cheeks hit it from the
back flip them over like a flapjack I
love meatballs it reminds me of a ball
sack wow spatula I didn't know you were
gay me neither can I borrow that uh yeah
Cody look you could have this oh man oh
Chef people we're gonna be upstairs let
us know when the burgers are done ugh I
don't even know if I want these Burgers
anymore so Cody what do you want to do
until the hamburgers are ready I don't
know Junior can you change it stupid
smoke detector it's getting annoying
we'd have to grab a ladder it would be a
whole thing and I don't want to grab a
ladder because it might start wrapping
hey guys what doing uh nothing Jeffy
what are you doing oh nothing just
smacking the old diaper and I'm tired
baby you you can talk sea homes and I
got a rap song I want to rap what does
this keep happening
[Music]
[Music]
what do you think about that Holmes why
is your diaper Hispanic I didn't even
know my diaper could talk daddy my
diaper is wrapping at me
Cody why is everything rapping I don't
know Junior this is getting ridiculous
and
[Applause]
detective Cody we should focus on the
important things like random objects
rapping not a stupid smoke detector yeah
I guess you're right what do we do
you want to play trains yeah sure I mean
it's not like they could rap or anything
God damn it it's me Thomas and I got
something to rap about Thomas
shoes
[Music]
on your [ __ ] ass Thomas with that gold
gas six wheels coming fast where's your
[ __ ] slide your ass getting the train
ran on her how she like it hard and fast
what y'all think about that did I go off
the tracks or what yeah that [ __ ] did go
pretty hard Thomas why is the beat the
same for all of them I don't know
but I'm tired of everything rapping Cody
like what's happening to us I don't know
maybe somebody slipped something into
our drink Bill Cosby hasn't been here
Cody yeah that's true if he had he would
have been rapping I have an idea why
don't we just call a doctor and ask a
doctor what's happening with us yeah
that's a good idea let me call the
doctor anyway somebody call a doctor
yeah a doctor something weird's happened
to me and my friend oh what's going on
everything we look at starts rapping
music yeah I've been saying you kids got
to stop listening to that rap music
it'll rot your brain all that talk about
hoes and [ __ ] and ass and cars and
lean it's too cool the human mind can't
fathom stuff that cool you know you
can't spell crap without rap yeah you
kids got to start listening to something
else like country or pop or rock and
roll or Bluegrass or polka or something
I don't know so you think it's our fault
because we like to listen to rap music
oh yeah definitely you know what Dr Dre
said [ __ ] ain't [ __ ] but hoes and
tricks I don't really know what that
means but I'm still gonna eat tricks I
don't even care if I'm not a kid yeah
you know I actually got pulled over when
I was a teenager for listening to rap
music yeah they search my car and
everything taught me a valuable lesson
it did so now I'm a cop and I pull
people over for listening to rap music
isn't that ironic well doctor like no
something like really weird is happening
because like objects will wrap at us
like we saw a basketball start rapping
at us oh well maybe you kids are just
schizophrenic and you're just now
noticing hey man who the hell said that
over him man it's got to be an object
trying to rap oh yeah dude on my head
yeah what's up it's me wait it's your
bald spot my bald spot yeah I've been
here for years and that's my time to
shine what do you have to say bald spot
uh
you're going ball Brooklyn
just cut it off Brooklyn
no hell I don't care about it make this
deal with a hat cover up I'm still here
just give up other ladies laugh at you
looking like Mr Magoo need some help you
wish it grew what's the means you look
like what you think about that body that
was mean I'm gonna go put on a hat to
shut them up howdy yeah now that I've
shut him up this is pretty weird
everything keeps rapping what do you
think it is Doctor I don't know maybe we
have some kind of like new rare disease
to make things start rapping you've
never heard of something like this
before no never Junior changed that
goddamn smoke detector okay I'll change
it right now Cody wait a minute that's
not a smoke detector that's a carbon
monoxide detector there must be a carbon
monoxide leak in here ah yeah it is oh
God damn it
[Music]
I'll try to let y'all know y'all's gonna
die
[Music]
duh
you almost died from carbon monoxide I
should warn you said I tried you ignore
me let it slide glad you heard me took
some time made a noise I'm not a mom now
you know that you didn't die we cool not
[ __ ] for life well that makes a lot of
sense it was a carbon monoxide leak it
was making us all hallucinate that
everything was rapping I'm gonna go find
the leak and fix it well Cody I'm glad
he figured out the problem yeah hey you
all forgot about me that's the rapper
and I got something say no we're out of
here yeah I don't want to hear that hey
[Music]