[Music]
Oh Daddy what are you doing Jeffy I'm
captain bubble wrap I feel no pain ow
Jeffy don't hit me with that sword fight
back Daddy stop poking me no fight back
I don't have a sword here Marvin use
this okay see I don't feel that
Daddy I love the
news breaking news M DreamWorks is
coming out with Shrek 5 on July 1st 2026
Shrek's making another movie but it
doesn't come out for another 2 years huh
there's someone at the door I'll get it
I'm going to go jump off the balcony no
Jeffy don't do that well don't worry
mommy the bubble wrap will protect me
hopefully we don't end up on Good
Morning America again hello hey there
somebody call a doctor no oh yeah that's
right I came over here in my own that's
weird well anyway I have a favor to ask
you what is it well you know Shrek right
the ogre yeah I know Shrek okay great
cuz I work at the kids cancer unit at
the hospital and there's this one kid
there who only has about a day left to
live and he's a really big Shrek fan and
he's really excited for Shrek 5 but he's
not going to live long enough to see it
cuz it comes out in two [ __ ] years so
I was wondering if maybe you could ask
Shrek for an early copy of the movie so
I could show the kid before he dies well
I'm sure the movie isn't done yet it
comes out in 2 years oh come on we all
know the movie's done they're just
making us wait for it it's just like GTA
6 they can put it out now they're just
trying to build hype I mean I could go
ask Shrek oh okay um could you do it now
though cuz like I really got to know cuz
I told the kid I'd be back and I had
something for him and if I don't come
back with something I'm going to look
like a liar and I've already done favors
for you with my famous actor friends
like remember that one time you wanted
me to replace Alec Baldwin's prop gun
with a real one cuz you thought it would
be funny yeah and it wasn't funny was it
no no so can you ask him yeah I'll go
ask him okay um can I come inside and
wait on your couch yeah you can wait on
my couch and is your fridge for guests
or is that all you yeah you can grab a
drink out of the fridge just a drink or
like anything if you find something that
you want you can have it okay but
remember you said that so what kind of
sodas you
got but Jeffy are you okay he's wearing
bubble wrap he's fine now go ask Shrek
I'm going to ROM through your
fridge help me
release this [ __ ] from my botle hey
Shrek oh doy I'm glad you're here I need
your help I need you to take this rake
and scrape the [ __ ] from the TKS my ass
cheeks it's like cement I'm not doing
that again shck all right fine donkey
I'll have to do it
myself it's like a claw machine game and
the ship's surpriz oh oh donkey I think
I got a two for one I need your help
shre what is it donkey get out of my
face do you want to start a [ __ ] only
fans where we take pictures of my crap
and then post it online no then what is
it doy I heard you're instruct five oh
of course I am donkey because I needed
more money for cheesecake because
somebody wouldn't buy it for me well I
know the movie's probably not done yet
but if you have a copy of it can I
borrow it oh of course do right here
wait really yeah go ahead take it okay
all right but only under one condition
doy I will call upon you to do me a
favor in the future and when I do you
have to do the favor no matter what it
is okay okay all right deal deal all
right see you later
Boi help
me hey that's my leftover Olive Garden
hey that's a [ __ ] that should mind her
own business what okay I got Shrek five
Marvin he's eating my chicken alfredo
Marvin you said I could have anything I
wanted from the fridge what you did I I
did say it but I didn't want to say it
he kind of made me say I didn't know
your leftovers were in the fridge I was
saving them for later get it back no
Marvin's not going to go back on his
word with a bro right Marvin not with
your boy B gu but I'm his wife and if
you had a dick where would you be I bet
you didn't think about that did you
Marvin doesn't care what's between my
legs it's not a lot oh listen can you
please just not eat this and give it
back to her sure anything for you buddy
thank
you e oh sorry I sneeze spit all over it
so now it has my germs on it I don't
want it anymore yes I win in case you
didn't notice that wasn't a real sneeze
I just spit all over it no I noticed
look here's your Shrek five okay
thanks there's that kid he's dying in
the hospital don't you have to hurry
yeah he's dying but I'm dying of hunger
so I'm going to eat first okay but like
I feel like you should be in a rush cuz
how about you put on Shrek 5 while I eat
I mean I guess I could put it in yeah I
got to make sure it's good yeah I got to
make sure the movie's good for the kid
no I meant the chicken alfredo I got to
make sure it's good it looks delicious
okay I'm going to put this in yeah do
that oh I love that sound it means I'm
about to drink something yummy okay I
put Shrek 5 in the chicken alfredo was
delicious by the way Marvin really hits
the spot phenomenal just unbelievable
ooh donkey get out of my swamp but shre
I'm making waffles I don't want your
waffles donkey I want cheesecake I don't
know how to make cheesecakes right I
like making paes paff is delicious you
ever meet someone you say let's go get
some paff they like hell no I ain't like
no paff paff is the most delicious thing
on the whole damn Planet why don't you
go bang your dragon wife donkey donkey
can you please just leave me and Shrek
want to be onions and take off our
layers I don't know why y'all need a
bang some more y already got three ugly
OG come on Shrek let's go to the bedro
room uh what do you want me to do to you
eat me what you freak I'm not a freak
here you are fonus give me the whip pick
this one my Lord mirror mirror on the
wall is this not the most sexiest cookie
of them all well it's not a cookie yet
my Lord but it can become one all you
have to do is cover him in your icing I
could do that some of you may get
creamed on but that is a risk I'm
willing to take never mind Shrek there's
somebody already in there it's okay
felda let's go do it in the ouse and I
can get a blumin while I [ __ ] oh Fiona
get ready to smell my [ __ ] the puss what
are you doing in my old house the name
is Puss in Boots not piss in Boots I
still have to use the toilet a I like
this movie Marvin it's cute I like how
they got all the original voice actors
to come back that's hard to do yeah how
did they get Daniel Radcliff to do eight
Harry Potter movies what yeah he did
eight of those movies how did they get
him to commit I I mean I would have just
done seven and then been a real [ __ ]
about the eighth one I would have told
him I'm not coming back unless you give
me $200 million and they have to do it
cuz what else are they going to do he's
Harry Potter I mean they probably had a
contract so he wouldn't do that well
even if they had a contract I don't care
what are they going to do make me act I
going to just stand there with my arms
folded and pout until they give me money
JK Rowling more like JK Rowling in the
dough transphobic [ __ ] well um I think
it's time for you to take this to the
kid yeah I think you're right I'm full
and hospital food sucks so I'm sure
he'll appreciate this although he's n so
he's not even really going to be be able
to eat it but at least he can smell it
until I get hungry again then I'm going
to say stop sniffing I'm hungry get that
food I meant take him Shrek five oh yeah
I should probably do that too okay I'll
grab both of those and then take another
Coke for the
road Marvin I don't like your friend I
really got to get to that hospital now
where's my car oh
[ __ ] oh thank God I saved the chicken
alfredo wouldn't want anything to
happened to this oh no but trick five oh
please don't be broken please don't be
broken oh thank God it's safe oh no the
car's coming
back oh no I did it again I chose the
chicken alfredo oh please don't be
broken oh it's so broken oh I'm screwed
that kid with cans is going to be sad I
got to go tell him hey there buddy how
are those Swiss Rolls smelling I can't
smell anything because my old factory
nerve was damaged from the chemo oh
right right right right right well guess
what you were about to get what this
copy of Shrek 5 well why can't I watch
it well because some [ __ ] decided to
save chicken alfredo instead of Shrek 5
from being run over by a car it's me I
am the [ __ ] but this chicken alfredo
is the [ __ ] you would have picked it too
are you [ __ ] kidding me no that's
what happened and I would remind you not
to raise your voice in the cancer unit
you know this is the loudest I've ever
heard you be I don't even have cancer I
fak the whole thing so you would give me
a copy of Shrek five for my mea wish and
I was going to steal the ID and take it
to Pixar wait a minute how would Pixar
even steal Shrek
well we wouldn't steal Shrek 5 we would
just steal the plot and then make it
some Green Goblin or [ __ ] what okay but
you went through extensive chemotherapy
treatment how much is P are paying you a
lot oh wow damn this is crazy I should
tell Marvin about
this Marvin just a fork Marvin you're
never going to believe this it turns out
that kid I told you had cancer didn't
actually have cancer he was just a pigar
employee trying to steal Shrek 5 is that
spaghetti eyes off my spaghetti Mister H
is it good maybe wait a minute that
wasn't in the refrigerator earlier you
must have just ordered that I door
dashed it well if you don't finish it
put it in the fridge no so that kid
didn't actually have cancer no so you
can have this back now um okay wait what
happened to it oh it got run over by a
car unlike my grandma who got run over
by a
reindeer serves you right for eating my
chicken alfredo yeah well I'm still
going to eat it unlike you who just left
it in the fridge for me okay so I don't
think is is there anything wrong with it
oh yeah it's busted all the hell look at
oh my god well I don't think Shrek needs
it back I think it was just a copy okay
good oh you guys should answer the door
both of you cuz it's both of your houses
you want to answer the door with me sure
sucker hello hey there it's me
DreamWorks executive Steve stalberger
Dream works you must be here for Shrek
no not really we're just here for that
copy of Shrek 5 we gave him uh why would
you need that well you see we told
everybody that movie was coming out in 2
years but that was a lie it's actually
coming out in August and we thought it
would be a good idea to put the only
copy of that movie on that CD and give
it to Shrek since it is his movie after
all and then we deleted all the files
off vol the computers so that CD is the
only way anyone could ever watch it so
that's the only copy of Shrek 5 yep
there's no backups nope there's no files
of it nope the only existence of that
movie is on that one CD oh yep if that
CD got destroyed it would be gone
forever uh yep uh I don't like the way
you said oh there boy um let me go get
the CD from Shrek okay I will be waiting
anxiously right here come on come on oh
my God we're in so much trouble did you
eat my spaghetti
does that answer your question oh my God
why' you have to eat her spaghetti I ate
it so she couldn't have it I wanted her
not to have any I have eaten so much
godamn pasta today and I am a messy baby
oh my god well look we have a bigger
problem the executive DreamWorks is
downstairs and he wants the copy of
Shrek 5 cuz it's the only copy of the
movie If I could move I'd give a [ __ ] oh
my God what are we going to do it's
broken
he's going to kill us listen I say you
just close up that case and you hand it
to him and maybe he'll think it broke in
the car on the way home okay I don't
have another Choice all right here's
Shrek 5 oh thank goodness you know the
way you were acting I thought something
bad happened to it oh no nothing bad
happened to this we took really good
care
[Music]
of oh don't it you know that favor I
asked you about earlier it's a Rak of my
[ __ ] time
[Music]
go