oh summer school's going to suck God
it's so depressing in here there's
nothing on the wall yeah it reminds me
of my little at home hey Mikey can I sit
right there so I can be near my friends
no I said your buts go find your out
feat come on Mikey we don't even like
you well that's too bad sorry Freddy
it's okay wait why don't we just move
seats there's no other seats is it okay
if I stay here with you guys sure oh man
Annabelle summer school's going to suck
but at least I'm here with you did we
really have to sit with the Nerds yeah
unfortunately but if any of them talk to
you I'm going to punch them in the face
you got that nerds if you talk to my
girlfriend I want to punch you in the
face I'm scared you should
be finally my favorite time of the year
summer
school make it oh I love that sound oh
it's music to my ears it's like
ASMR oh you know why you idiots are in
this class during summer school because
you're dumb dumb as hell and your
parents don't love you neither do I and
you know why this class looks like a
prison because you're a prisoner in
it welcome to my hell hole and if you
try to escape you're going to end up
like my little buddy here Jason oh he
was such a sweet kid oh poor Jason oh he
came to summer school every year every
year and then he finally decided to hang
himself cuz it was better than being
here so we got plenty of work for you
guys to do many books for you to read so
enjoy yourself in my hell
hole I will be enjoying myself at the
beach
toodles oh principal styck I actually
wanted to talk to you before I started
teaching what is it well you see are you
sure there's no one else that can teach
summer school I mean someone other than
me there's a lot of things I want to to
do this summer but these stupid kids
fail because of you so your punishment
is to teach in this class for all of
summer school but but but they're not
even all my
students see oh I wasn't looking at the
students I was looking to see if I had a
[ __ ] give and I don't so get a
teaching or you're
fire all right class welcome to summer
school now class I don't want to be here
any more than you do but it's all your
fault if you were just smart enough to
pass your own grade you would have be
here right now and I would be on a beach
slipping pan glotus with Enrique you're
cheating on my dad Mikey I was never in
a relationship with your father I was in
a tight spot and I needed money my
father said he paid money to get into
your tight spot Mikey hush all right
class today is Friday we started summer
school on a Friday to ruin my weekend
but also class today is June 14th which
is also Flag Day Flag Day yeah Flag Day
Oh I thought she said something else I
was like they have the whole month
already and since it's Flag Day I
thought it would be a fun assignment for
you all to design your own flag like
pretend the American flag never existed
and that you're Betsy Ross designing a
flag for America now keep in mind
students there's 50 stars on our flag to
represent the 50 states and there's 13
stripes on our flag to represent the 13
original colonies keep that in mind oh
man guys it's going to be so much fun
what's your flag going to look like
Joseph oh dude I know how to fix America
all they got to do is put me in charge
well I got big plans for mine big plans
really oh yeah my noodle is rattling
well don't copy off me guys cuz my flag
is going to be crazy nobody's going to
copy off you Mikey oh I know which one I
want to do it's going to be insane so
Cody who's Betsy Ross she made the
American flag she's made every single
American flag no she just made the first
one oh so doesn't she make like cooking
pots no that's Betty Crocker not Betsy
Ross oh so she had a cooking show no
that's Rachel Ray it's not even close so
then who had the talk show that's Oprah
Winfrey so what did Betsy Ross do she
made the first American flag then why
can't an Mama make syrup anymore that's
what I'm saying dude nobody's talking
about that show my girl some respect put
on a 50 cent piece or
[Music]
something what time is it oh oh time's
up class class I'm going to call you up
one by one to present your flags in
front of the rest of the class oh mommy
can I show mine first yes Patrick come
up first yay okay Mommy I made this
super cool Spider-Man flag oh dear God
Patrick uh uh why did you choose the red
background and the white circle I mean
where's blue for Spider-Man you said
time was up I didn't have time for blue
well honey I think your flag might hurt
some people's feelings who the Green
Goblin yes yes it might hurt his
feelings so we should throw your flag
away but it's Spiderman I know I know
but I you should go sit down and throw
your flag away do I pass yes you can a
for effort yay Spiderman man bully why
don't you come up next all right teach I
wanted to make a flag that strikes fear
into the hearts of nerds oh well what
does this represent it represents me
taking your lunch money see that's my
fist and that right there is your lunch
money and that's me taking it well
that's not very nice bully I don't give
a [ __ ] I want to live in a country where
people give me their lunch money and I
currently do okay why don't you go sit
down okay but first give me your lunch
money what give me your lunch money oh
okay okay just leave me alone go sit
down oh who's next I'll go next
oh Freddy now that's very interesting
why don't you tell us about your flag so
I put a poop on my flag because that's
what I do in my pants and the yellow
represents P because that's what I also
do in my pants Freddy that's disgusting
oh I'm so sorry Freddy I didn't mean
that I mean maybe we should work on
potty training this year okay okay why
don't you go sit down and uh Annabelle
why don't you come up next all right
Annabelle Let's see what oh dear God
what is going on here I love my
boyfriend oh okay well what does this
have to do with America my boyfriend
lives in America and I love him okay
Annabelle why don't you just go sit down
Cody why don't you come up next oh wow
Cody now that's a nice flag good job
thank you I think it speaks for itself
it certainly does there's so many colors
what you couldn't decide which one was
your favorite what what do you mean well
it's just so colorful you have so many
different colors well yeah you know what
month it is right yes it's June yeah and
what's special about June oh I get it
Cody it's summer these are all the
colors you see in summer and sometimes
you see rainbows in summer too yeah a
lot of rainbows more than normal
actually well this is just great Cody
good job yeah it's the pride flag oh you
are so proud of your flag I love that
Cody no I mean it's the lgbtq flag Cody
that is not how you say the alphabet go
sit down this is one you're in summer
school God damn it I hate it here Mikey
get up here and we'll get you over with
mine's the best oh dear God what is
going on here I drew a picture of me
crying cuz my dad won't stop drinking
Mikey you were supposed to draw a flag
but this is a flag you were supposed to
draw a flag that represents America well
I live in America and my dad won't stop
drinking and there's a lot of people in
America who had the same problem well I
guess you're right Mikey um good job go
sit down yay Junior come up here next oh
man she's going to love mine oh wow
Junior look at that flag why don't you
tell us about it okay so I drew a
dinosaur holding a cheeseburger on a
McDonald's rocket flying through space
that's truly amazing Junior now can you
tell us why that represents America to
you well I'm pretty sure 100 million
years ago dinosaurs lived in America
well Junior 100 million years ago
America didn't exist but the land that
makes America existed and I'm pretty
sure a few dinosaurs stepped on this
land okay I see your point continue and
America invented McDonald's and we also
have rockets and we have cheeseburgers
and we also have been to space well
Junior I think you have the best flag so
far good job go sit down yeah suck that
Betsy Ross in your cooking show uh okay
uh Joseph why don't you come up here
next I'm going to show you how America
really supposed to look oh wow Joseph
now that's an interesting flag yeah this
is how the American flag's supposed to
look oh well why don't you tell us about
it yeah see the American flag was a
little too white for me it was 50 white
stars uh six white stripes we had to
throw a little cut on that b yeah add
some black to that ho now it looks good
you know how black is superior we make
the best food the best music and we have
the best athletes oh yeah that's very
true Joseph you make some excellent
points good job why don't you go sit
down all right I think that's everybody
oh oh oh my that's a that's an empty
desk oh do we have a missing student oh
I better call principal sebeck huh I
wonder who the missing student's
supposed to be uh principal sebeck yes I
noticed there was an empty desk and I
was wondering if someone was skipping
summer
school fly on the [ __ ] BL is someone
skipping Summers
School who's giving my class did you say
someone's giving my class no one skips
my class well there's an empty desk in
the corner empty desk who is
it I don't no let me check the roll I'm
Jeffy the student in is Jeffy
Jeffy oh mvin I'm so excited to go to
Hawaii for summer vacation and learn how
to surf yeah I can't wait to get
sunburned on my bald head oh coconut
tits Jeffy don't say stuff like that
well that's what they do they put
coconuts on their tits I don't know why
they do that oh Almond Joy dick covered
in chocolate with coconut in the center
and [ __ ] jimy stop saying stuff like
that I don't understand how you pass
school but by being that dumb well I did
daddy take a look at my report card
again all yeah I see the all we
understand you're really smart let's
just go to the airport Jeffy where are
you what was that noise sounds like
someone broke in
Jeffy wait Jeffy isn't that your
principal from school yeah he probably
came by and said that I did a good job
getting all age on my report card your
son is skipping summer school no one
skips my summer school wait wait wait
wait wait Jeffy doesn't need to go to
summer school look he got all Aids on
his report card wait let me see this you
really can't see this he he changed his
F into a a with a crayon wait he he
didn't do that wait a minute oh oh oh
you you you goober you you goofball you
you pulled a fast one on me guilty is
charged on the fast one oh what about
our vacation we can't go because look at
this look at this goober well first of
all I say we still go on vacation
because I'm 19 and [ __ ] that noise no
it's against the law you can't skip my
summer school class well the law can
suck the all-encompassing area between
my ball sack and my [ __ ] oh God
you're going to summer school come on oh
my god get in there I don't think you
guys heard me the first time no one gets
to skip my summer school class the next
one that tries I guarantee you I will
hunt you down like a tiger and kill you
with my own Paws you got that h
perfect thank you get back to class all
right class well that does it for our
first day of summer school and you heard
the principal none of us get to skip
summer school not you and not even me so
I guess I'll see you Monday and the day
after that and the day after that and
all summer
long wow guys the first day of summer
school wasn't bad we got the color all
day yeah pretty chill dude yeah it
wasn't bad at
all Mighty little [ __ ] his ass yeah
[ __ ] yeah
[Music]
yeah hey
Jeffy okay it's okay it's okay we can be
a canine unit just get in the car what
happened to your legs what do you mean
I've never had legs oh okay I just was
going I was going to ask that Jeffy get
in the I was sniffing your butt for
drugs dad jeez