there's no way you believe that Joseph
There's just no way Totally way dude
Marlin would have merked Leo's ass
Lilo's a human Marlin's a fish But look
Marlin knew the sea turtles and the
sharks He had connections dude But
Marlin was a [ __ ] the whole movie A
[ __ ] with connections That's a fast
moving [ __ ] But Lilo has connections
too because Stitch is an alien with four
arms And there's Ple and there's Jumba
And then there's the Child Protective
Service guy named Bubbles Didn't one of
them wear a wig that's Pleley Hey guys
what are you talking about oh Cody
please sell an argument Who would win in
a fight marlin from Finding Nemo or Lilo
from Lilo and Stitch definitely Marlin
right lilo Well where's the fight
happening on land or in the ocean lilo
said his ass can get anywhere She can do
it on land or she can do it in sea In
the movie in the beginning she's
swimming under water She gives Pudge the
fish a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
Oh well that's not what fish eat She
shouldn't be doing that Well she did it
anyway She would not survive in the
water for that long She can hold her
breath No the hell she could She's a
good swimmer I love it Well still I mean
I think the fish she fed that PB&J to
probably died cuz his gills got all gked
up with peanut butter So I'm going to
say Lilo cuz she has a record of killing
a fish Thank you Thank you Thank you
Cody Common sense How the hell is not
you know speaking of PB&J Junior pretty
hungry Junior Let's have some dinner
Junior Yeah let's get some grub Junior
So what do you guys want for dinner ooh
how about some big old corn on the cob
as a as a meal yeah Hell yeah why not
okay How many cos you want Joseph about
six So we're doing this We're having
We're having corn on the cob for dinner
How many cobs you want Cody how many
cobs i I don't know Can't we have
something fun like toaster strudel you
know what that sounds good too I love me
a good toaster strudel Oh yeah I love me
some toaster strudel I've had that
before What's the matter Junior you
don't like toaster strudel i I I love
toast turtle I I eat those I eat those
all the time You've never had to strudel
have you yes I Yes I have I eat one
every morning I just had one right
before you guys came over Oh yeah Then
what do they look like they they they
look like a Is it a hot dog with a stick
in the middle yes No the [ __ ] is not You
lying son of a [ __ ] Oh that is a corn
dog Okay I don't know I've never had a
toaster Five I can't believe it You You
have to have a toaster strudel You got
to try one now Oh okay Fine I'll go I'll
go get one I'll I'll go to the toaster
strudel store to
toast.com I I I'll ask Chef Peep for one
and I'm going to make it
Hey Chef Peepi do we have any toaster
strudel hell yeah we do It's my favorite
meal Here you go little [ __ ] Get your
strudel on Um can you make it for me oh
hell no No no no no sir I am your dad's
slave not junior slave And I am
currently on break so I'm not doing any
extra work Okay How many minutes do I
put it in the microwave
so stupid I I don't see any microwave
instructions
Say it one more time What what
instruction it doesn't have microwave
instructions Dumb ass Can you just tell
me how many minutes to put in the
microwave it just says toaster
instructions I'm just going to put in
there for 2
minutes Okay Make three of them Put in
the microwave for 2
minutes
Yeah It smells like they're done
Oh yeah that looks like a toaster
strudel to me Heck yeah it does All
right guys I'm done making them but I
don't know why you like them so much
They smell like burnt [ __ ] Jesus Junior
what the [ __ ] did you do dude did you
burn three hot pockets no I made the
toaster like you guys wanted What is it
blueberry No it's strawberry The box
said strawberry It's black Oh Hey hey
hey Watch what you say You know what i'm
going to let it slide cuz it is black
Well look it's strawberry Junior you
overcooked it How long did you leave it
in the toaster i didn't use a toaster I
used the microwave You used a microwave
to make a toaster strudel Dude it's not
a microwavable strudel Well but there
was no microwave instructions on the box
Well you should put it in a toaster cuz
it's a toaster [ __ ] strudel Well
listen I did not It doesn't matter how
you heat it up as long as it's cooked
Clearly it matters Clearly it does My
way dude It's going to end up like three
black rigs And you didn't even add the
icing I'll be honest with you guys I was
super concerned when I saw whatever the
hell that was I thought maybe those were
used condoms Junior it's the icing It's
the best part Well listen I almost put
that in the microwave too How about you
just put it in a toaster well I don't
know where a toaster is I couldn't find
a toaster but the microwave was right
there I bet there's a toaster down there
Do you know what a toaster looks like oh
no I'm worried now dude Maybe we should
just go make it No no no no I will make
it I will make the to I was screwing
with you guys This is all a joke I made
toaster all the time I just It was just
a big prank cuz these were expired So I
made them I just wanted It was a joke I
can make them right Laugh though I'm
going to make it I'm going to make them
right How the How do you do
this okay How do I shut peep how the
microwave work out for you baby
apparently you're supposed to use a
toaster Mhm You finally getting it You
getting it up there in your noodle Okay
So how many minutes do I put them in the
toaster
asking how many minutes is not a dumb
question It is if you ask read the box
The box doesn't say minutes It says one
to two cycles
What What the hell is a cycle you know
what i'm just going to push it down and
wait for them to pop up
Okay it looks like they're done But how
do I get my hand ooh that's hot Um let
me grab a fork Okay let me get it out
Ooh you sure you want to do that my boy
uh well the toast turtle's hot right and
if I grab it I'll burn my fingers right
good thinking So I was going to use the
fork to get them out M Yeah Yeah that's
a good thought But are you truly using
your noodle like are you truly using it
well I don't want to burn my hand I was
Good Fair fair point So I was going to
get it out But but the fork is made of
metal You know what [ __ ] it I bet you
$20 you won't do it Well how am I
supposed to grab it i mean you got a
fork Do it Okay I'm just going to just
What the hell dude is this Stormhouse on
no You know what let's go check on
Junior and make sure he's not doing
something stupid you know oh what
happened what is that me hey Junior
How's the toaster shel coming oh my
[ __ ] god Junior stuck a fork in the
toaster No you're so damn stupid Why
would you do that dude you think he's
still alive i'm going to call the doctor
Please Julia why would you do that you
freaking idiot No What are you guys
talking about i'm right here Julia
breathe [ __ ] Breathe I'm right here
Joseph Oh bro We should have just had
corn on the cob It's a safer meal Wait
why can't they see me i'm right here
guys
Hey there Somebody call a doctor yes
doctor My idiot friend stuck a fork in a
toaster What kind of [ __ ] idiot would
do that does your friend have a history
of being this stupid unfortunately yes
It's something dumber and dumber each
day That's right doctor What kind of
dumbass puts a fork in a toaster my
friend I think he was trying not to burn
his fingers and he used a fork Exactly
Tragic [ __ ] [ __ ] I know Look he
tried to cook it in a microwave So that
should tell you how dumb he is Oh what a
stupid [ __ ] dumbass
Is he dead though doctor let me see Oh
yeah He's super dead
I'm not dead I'm right here Going to
have to tell his dad No I'm not dead
guys I'm right here Junior you idiot We
should have just had corn on the cup I'm
right here guys Oh man I can't wait for
the new episode of Charlie and Frizz Hey
Hey What the hell why is there a doctor
in my room are you here to check my
prostate well I can do that while I'm
here but no I have something very
important to tell you There's nothing
more important than prostate hell Check
my damn prostate Okay Woo Uh doctor why
are you using three fingers well that's
just how I was taught The real question
is why does three fingers fit fair
question Uh I have a fairly big remote
in my room so I have a lot of spare time
Yeah I can see that you It's pretty
spacious back here It's like the trunk
of a Honda Accord Thank you I keep it
vacuum Uh tell me what you see back
there Well I do see some polyps I uh
think you might have diverticulitis Damn
Oh bro You keep it pretty clean so I'm
not going to wash my hands I appreciate
the compliment Well what did you come
here for oh yeah Your son's dead Oh [ __ ]
Well at least there's one less mouth to
feed Well that's not really how most
parents react to that news I am not most
parents No How did he die well he stuck
a fork in a toaster like a big stupid
[ __ ] idiot Yeah he is a dumbass What
a waste of breath right yeah I know I
mean it's really amazing that he didn't
die until now you know Yeah Yeah Can you
imagine just like from birth to right
now just a waste of [ __ ] life Yeah
Seriously I mean you would think he
would have like swallowed his tongue by
now or something Or choked on a damn
battery Yeah Like some other stupid
idiot [ __ ] death I can't believe it
took this long Yeah He could have fell
off of a bridge at like age eight He was
that stupid Yeah Yeah Yeah I mean at
least it wasn't a smart kid that died
like this Oh bro That would have been a
waste of life It's even worse Yeah Yeah
If he was like a smart kid who like went
this far you know he had like his whole
future ahead of him That's just your
stupid idiot dumbass [ __ ] son So I
guess it's fine Can you believe like if
Stephen Hawkins was a dumbass and stuck
a damn fork in a toaster no he would
never He's not that stupid Yeah I mean
who is that stupid right dude I can't
believe Julia's dumb ass is dead I
[ __ ] can Look at this Nobody who does
this is smart enough to live He
microwaved a toaster strudel A [ __ ]
toaster strudel Context clues like a
[ __ ] I mean not one brain cell
in that boy Oh man you do have a point I
already called Penelopey over to tell
her the news Hey guys what's going on oh
remember Junior your boyfriend he's
[ __ ] dead What what happened this
dumb ass stuck a fork into a toaster
What an idiot I know I can't I can't
believe he's that [ __ ] stupid
Unbelievable I [ __ ] hate him Yeah I
don't blame you You know I'm sorry you
had to date a stupid ass It was more
like a Make a Wish situation Yeah I
could tell I could definitely tell Make
a wish You know his dumb ass actually
thought Lilo could beat Marlin in a
fight I tried to tell him Yeah I know I
I I I agreed with him just to shut him
up cuz you know how he gets when he's on
a roll you know But I mean come on
Stitch would drown in water and the
ocean's big and there's like rip
currents and [ __ ] Where's Stitch he's 3D
and the other one's 2D I mean you can't
even worth the conversation Exactly God
damn it
Who am I going to date now probably
smarter hopefully I mean you can
definitely do better Cody are you
straight [ __ ] it I am now I want to make
out What the hell what is going on man i
need somebody to make out with
Wait what is happening no way Hey
[ __ ] Wake up Wake up you stupid idiot
[ __ ] face Hey hey [ __ ] Dumbass Wake up
Hey Hey Hey [ __ ] [ __ ] Oh wait Wait
What happened what happened your dumb
ass stuck a fork in a toaster and almost
died That's what happened What am I dead
no cuz I said you almost died you
[ __ ] [ __ ] Well here you go you
dumbass I'm surprised you even did it
But here's your $20 Okay listen How else
am I supposed to pull the toaster
strudel out of the toaster you wait for
it to cool off because sometimes food
gets hot you know so you use your
fingers or maybe a paper towel Literally
anything other than a metal fork you
[ __ ] [ __ ] Okay Well is the toaster
strudel still good is it good it's a
[ __ ] toaster strudel It's amazing Of
course it's good Have you never had a
toaster strudel no How old are you 16
You're 16 and you've never had a toaster
strudel The only excuse for that is if
you were like in some kind of indigenous
tribe on an island somewhere that had
never had contact with the outside world
then that would make sense What the [ __ ]
is wrong with you everybody loves
toaster strudles If you gave those
people a toaster strudel they would put
it on top of a temple and tell say it
was their god or something They they
would think it was like they wouldn't
know what the [ __ ] to think It'd be like
handing them an iPhone It's [ __ ]
magic They don't [ __ ] know God you're
[ __ ] stupid
He's right Can you make me a church
[ __ ] no
[Music]