Holy Cross today we're going to be doing
another show and tell so hopefully you
brought something cool to show the cross
would you bring for show and tell Cody I
brought my violin I learned how to play
Star Wars on it that's so cool would you
bring Joseph I brought a watch Wait
Joseph why would you bring a wasp while
wouldn't I bring a wash Cody what if it
stings you it's not gonna sting me it's
my pet duh it's not your pet then why is
it in this cup huh well because you
trapped it in there guys look what I
brought for show and tell I bought a
never before opened Hey Arnold toy oh
dude that's super cool yeah that's kind
of cool you know how hard it is not to
open up a Hey Arnold toy for years Cody
that's not that hard would you bring
Penelope I brought my princess piggy
bank it has 45 in it well I'll give you
my hair on a toy for the 45 no Junior oh
I'm so mad at Penelope for not giving me
that money all right Devi you come up
here and show and tell first
don't be scared it's just me he's a lion
mask yeah I found very scary Jeffy you
can go back to your seat all right
Penelope it's your turn I can't wait to
show everyone my piggy bank
Jeffy Jeffy you broke my piggy bank
you're gonna have to pay for that oh I'm
gonna get down I don't have any money
haha Penelope that's what you get for
not buying my Hey Arnold toy shut up
Junior all right you two settle down go
back to your seats all right Cody you
come up and present next hell yeah you
guys ready for your ears to explode from
greatness okay everybody I'm gonna be
playing the intro song from Star Wars
you know the one that goes like
you know that one okay here we go
oh I didn't even get to do my show and
tell because you didn't buy my hair
Arnold toy for 45 oh go cry about it
Junior cry about it [ __ ] Joseph what's
up dude I will give you my Hey Arnold
toy if you put that wasp down the back
of her shirt oh say less I was eyeing
that Hey Arnold toys since you showed me
dude
all right dude I put it down a shirt
here you go yes hey Penelope how you
feeling fine wait there's there's
something crawling on my stomach it's a
wash
oh thank you for cheering Penelope I'm
glad you enjoyed it
enjoys my beautiful music
no my stomach's all bloated well maybe
you're pregnant Penelope shut up Junior
maybe Jeffy got you pregnant when he ran
into you
I got Penelope pregnant
[Music]
hey Daddy what's wrong Jeffy did your
classmates not like your lion mask no
they did then why the long face because
my mommy drank when she was pregnant
with me no I meant why are you sad
I'm afraid to tell you Jeffy were your
parents
tell us anything yeah Jeffy you promise
you won't get mad well I gotta know what
it is first and you promise you take me
to Disney World so I can get over it how
bad is it Jeffy oh it's really bad like
so bad like the worst thing ever my life
is over did you kill someone well not
yet I mean she gets to make that
decision later on down the line you know
her body her choice what are you talking
about Jeffy I got your girl I'm pregnant
Brandon Jeffy why would you do that well
hey it's not my fault oh it is your
fault Jeffy you're the one who did it
well I ran into her and I busted her
Pink Piggy open and then she asked me to
pay for it she asked you to pay for it
yeah oh my God baby Johnny got caught up
in some weird money situation are you
sure she's pregnant yeah her belly's
already big well Debbie why didn't you
tell us sooner well I just found out
today oh my God are you sure it's yours
yeah I mean I did bust that Pink Piggy
wide open daddy like it made a mess it
was all over the carpet oh Jeffy well
where'd you even do this at Jeffy in
your classroom you're sick you are sick
Debbie why would you do that well it was
an accident I hope it was an accident I
hope you didn't plan on doing this Jeffy
well yeah it was the first time I ran
into her oh my God you're supposed to
get the nose on before you do that oh my
God baby what do we do we need to call a
doctor well there's always plan B Chef
it's too late for that her belly's
already big well plan B isn't push her
down the stairs that's not a bad idea
oh baby it looked like jeffy's too young
the kid Marvin okay fine we'll call a
doctor and ask him what stairs he
recommends pushing her down and somebody
call a doctor yeah doctor we're not
doing so good yeah me neither man this
economy am I right oh I am barely
scraping by I don't even know if I can
afford to keep the lights on next month
my panic attacks keep me up at night no
I'm talking about Jeffy got someone
pregnant oh congratulations is it a boy
or a girl I got a girl pregnant no I
mean is the baby a boy or a girl we
don't know yet we'll let it decide when
it gets older but hope
soon but okay so what do you need me for
listen doctor he got a girl pregnant and
he hasn't told us who she is yet
scared what do we do well Sasquatch
probably went back into the woods what
well I mean no offense to Jeffy but she
had to be pretty hideous if she was
willing to bang him I mean my daughter
would never she's a straight A student
and she has respect for herself what
would you do if your daughter got
pregnant mine probably kill her
Strangler actually yeah you'll hold her
underwater in the bathtub for about
three minutes that ought to do it yeah
but I don't have to worry about that
because she is perfect Actually I don't
even think she likes boys between me and
you I think she prefers rush and mug if
you know what I mean well listen we just
don't know what to do we've never dealt
with a situation like this before well I
would suggest calling her over here and
having to take a pregnancy test to see
if she's even pregnant I don't want to
ask a girl to take a pregnancy test
that's weird yeah we wouldn't want that
how about this how about I hide behind
the couch and you call her over and then
when she gets here I jump out and scare
her so she pees a little bit because I'm
pretty scary and then I'll catch some of
that pee with a pregnancy test and then
we'll know if she's pregnant or not
you're not scary yeah I guess you're
right I'm not really yeah see I'm scared
you jumped yeah you are pretty scary I
like your plan more than just asking her
to take a pregnancy test yeah well we
already know she's pregnant because her
belly is big listen I'm sure she's
[ __ ] huge that doesn't mean she is
pregnant you know August can get pretty
big I mean I bet she looks like Fiona
from Shrek you know after Sundown but
you should call her over here because I
don't want to have to go to her swamp
Okay yeah Jeffy you go get the girl you
hide behind the couch okay I'll do that
all right then she's right there so
you're the girl who's causing all these
problems look I just want my money
some dignity young lady I
work for that yeah I'm sure you did work
hard with all that nasty stuff you did
to Jeffy how often do you do stuff like
this do what you know bust your piggy
open that was my first time and it was
really embarrassing I couldn't even shop
my piggy for show and tell you were
gonna show off your piggy for show and
tell your father must be ashamed I'm so
glad we're trying to get rid of it get
rid of what you know will you get rid of
it give of what I just want my money if
we give you the 45 will you do what we
want um yeah sure okay I'll give her the
forty five dollars I got 50. I got 100
in my wallet okay yeah yeah no all right
Brooklyn guy you can come on out she
just wants money wow Marvin I heard the
whole thing she sounds like a real gold
digger oh hey Penelope what are you
doing here wait Marvin where'd the girl
go I want to show my daughter what a
real [ __ ] looks like
the girl
Penelope you hussy what you're the girl
who busted a piggy open yeah I
accidentally ran into Jeffy and he
busted it open oh this is a parent's
worst nightmare I thought I raised you
better than that and why are you
charging money for it because he busted
my piggy open oh sweet Jesus I shattered
her piggy you [ __ ] I'll kill you
yeah they stop fighting stop fighting we
can't change what happened it already
happened I guess you're right it was an
accident right Jeffy yeah and I've had
plenty of accidents too I mean that's
how Penelope was born what listen she
said she'll get rid of it for 45 dollars
get rid of what oh you're getting rid of
it young lady there's no way you're
ready for that what are you talking
about oh don't even try to hide it your
stomach is huge oh that yeah I want to
get rid of that oh thank God I was gonna
come to you for help as a doctor oh good
because there's like there's some stairs
over there so I could just give you a
knuckle sandwich right in the stomach um
isn't that gonna make it worse I mean
yeah it's Gonna Hurt it's not gonna be
fun but then again you already had your
fun didn't you I didn't have fun with
this it was a really mean prank all the
boys at school played on me every
everyone was in on it and it hurt and
stung oh B needle dick I'll kill you oh
okay I said no fighting listen she said
she's willing to do a solution so you
just gotta find out which one she wants
to do okay yeah Penelope how do you want
to get rid of it I don't know like a
shot ooh a shot a shot yeah that's
that's the best way of doing it um I
keep my shots over here by the stairs
okay all right Dad where's the shot
here's a shot right in the gun
wow
oh
Dad what the hell was that for okay I
think that might have done it how's your
stomach feel it hurts but it hurt before
too I think we need to go to the top of
the stairs and do it a few more times
how is that gonna help my wasp sting I'm
sorry what I got stung by a wasp on the
stomach wait wait wait wait so you're
telling me you didn't get pregnant what
ew no dad but what about you Piggy
getting busted open I brought my piggy
banks for show and tell and Jeffy
knocked into me and it shattered on the
floor oh oh thank God oh I am so happy
what the hell did you think happened
nothing nothing just keep your pure
innocent mind pure and innocent look you
just go home and I will go upstairs and
explain to those nice people what
happened okay good news everyone is you
dead well technically well not even
shibby because it turns out she wasn't
pregnant to begin with oh thank God
cause it turns out she and Jeffy didn't
even do anything well what about all the
busting the piggy stuff oh well she
brought her piggy bank to school for
show and tell and Jeffy just
accidentally broke it then why was her
stomach so big oh she gets stung on the
stomach by a wasp and she's really
allergic to wasps that's why it swelled
up so much well Jiffy why did you think
you got her pregnant because I ran into
her and then everyone said she was
pregnant but that's not where babies
come from yeah this whole thing let's
just be happy that it was a big
misunderstanding yep yep the big
misunderstandings
okay here we go Disney World
yay you ain't take me to Disney World
[Music]