so guys what do you want to do today
dude let's go to the movies okay let's
go oh sorry guys I can't can't just get
this new pizza delivery job so we have
to deliver a pizza wait can it
delivering pizzas yeah he's gonna make
money to make ends meet so he can
satisfy my meat isn't Ken Spider-Man why
didn't just get paid for that well no
one gives him a check for being
Spider-Man Junior he's not a police
officer no one pays him to save people
he does it because he wants to because
he's a man ooh can I have some of this
pizza no this is for the customer we
have to deliver it to Dr Octavius oh you
hear that Ken a doctor you know what
that means big tip Andy's gonna give us
a lot of cash when we deliver the pizza
come on Ken let's go all right Ken our
first pizza delivery
hello pizza man hey I got your pizza
here perfect thanks for the 20.
oh this is just pepperoni I ordered
pepperoni and sausage oh I'm sorry I
mean it's pepperoni so it's closed well
I'm gonna need my money back uh we don't
do that at Papa John's in that case let
me speak to Papa John himself uh you
can't do that either because he got
fired because he said the n-word on a
business call that's outrageous I demand
a refund uh I'm sorry it's not my
problem damn you pizza man I will get my
revenge guys guys guys look how much Dr
Octopus tipped us for the pizza he gave
us 20 smackaroons those are like
macaroons but made of smack you made
twenty dollars just delivering a pizza
yeah well I mean I guess some of this is
for the pizza so it should probably go
to Papa John's dude didn't you say the N
word yeah you're right I should keep
this money what's that Ken your spider
senses are tingling well go save the
world baby
ah there he goes I hate to see him leave
but I love to watch him swing away
wait is there a little kid in the road
[Music]
this car almost hit me that's so crazy
thanks Spider-Man
you okay I'm okay thanks for Spider-Man
Spider-Man
home thank you
breaking news Spider-Man has saved the
day again he saved a little boy on a
skateboard from being hit by a car after
the cause breaks failed Spider-Man is a
true hero I don't know what we'd do
without him that's my man see Junior no
one pays him to do that he does that
because with great power comes great
responsibility Uncle Ben told him that
as he was dying of a gunshot wound oh
hey baby I saw you save that car Uber
cool you got my spider senses tingling
what's that Ken you need to go to the
bank to refinance Aunt May's house
because ever since Uncle Ben died she
doesn't have enough income to support
herself okay sorry guys me and Ken have
to go to the bank real quick okay see
you Cody
yo I just got done reviewing your file
and unfortunately I'm unable to approve
this loan to refinance your home you
just don't have the access oh I guess
great responsibility doesn't necessarily
come with great credit but but still
he's Spider-Man can't you do us a favor
but I would love to but unfortunately
you don't have the income to support
this child alone you just started a
pizza delivery job today oh well do we
still get the free toaster oh she's a
free coaches only for a customer to set
up a savings account and you apologize
300 oh I see that now everyone get down
this is a bank robbery it's not to
octopus I can't do something oh it's you
guys again I want my twenty dollars back
really you're robbing a bank for twenty
dollars it's just twenty dollars dude
you're a doctor oh I'm robbing the bank
for something much bigger much larger
what like a 50.
you dare hit me
get back up
kid for you to make a withdrawal look
out oh damn and learn to block I thought
you had Spidey senses you're not gonna
be very safe after this okay I know you
see this coming but damn Ken what is
with you today what are you losing your
powers or something looks like the Itsy
Bitsy Spider just met the rain that
washed him down the water spout now I'm
gonna take my money and run but Ken he
got away what the hell man you're
Spider-Man do something guys guys
something's wrong with Ken he's a doll
no he just had his ass kicked by DACA
how'd he lose he's Spider-Man I don't
know it's like he's depressed and he's
going through some kind of internal
conflict and he lost his powers well why
would that happen I have no idea like I
don't know why they did that in the
movie just made the movie weird oh well
he lost his powers you're my tarantula
to bite him again no I just I just don't
understand what's wrong with him well
why don't we call a doctor well I don't
want the doctor to find out he's
Spider-Man doesn't the whole world know
he's Spider-Man yeah I guess you're
right okay I'll call a doctor hey there
somebody call a doctor uh yes doctor
well you see I have a friend that has a
problem okay what's his problem he's a
doll shut the hell up Joseph no well you
see my friend has these powers that give
him the abilities of like a spider oh
he's Spider-Man no I never said he was
Spider-Man I mean he's kind of like
Spider-Man I mean we might as well call
him Spider-Man because he's so similar
to Spider-Man but okay screw it it is
Spider-Man Okay Spider-Man is losing his
powers because he's sad why yeah it
doesn't make any sense maybe because
he's a doll well if I had to guess I'd
say he lost his powers because of
psychological distress self-doubt and
his lack of motivation because of his
financial issues relationship problems
and educational struggles he's going
through you know he probably just
doubted his choice to be Spider-Man and
hated himself because he couldn't
balance his normal and superhero life
that's what I'd say that's so lame can
you hear that he's saying you need to
man up start being a Spider-Man and not
a little spider [ __ ] get off the rag
Ken hey hey okay I think what you should
do is take your friend to a play to help
clear his head yeah I could take him to
a play come on cat let's go to a play
finally I've done it I've created the
world's largest disco ball the power of
Party in the palm of my hand now all I
need is a hot chick then I can party all
night long all right Ken let's just sit
back and watch this play while we eat my
free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week honey you must get
ready we have to go to my parents picnic
honey you know I can't go to your
family's picnic because I have to go to
space Oh must you go I have to go you
home now stop talking back to me before
I kneel Armstrong you in the face
son stop acting up and go to bed it's
your ADHD acting up what the hell is
this play even about am I interrupting
something who are you you're not part of
the play yeah so here come with me sweet
cheeks
it's party time
p-a-r-t-y because I got it
wait a minute why do you want to save
that girl so bad
I Wanna Party and with this disco ball
you can't help but dance
the world will Dance
No One's Gonna Stop my partying no one
you're trying to stop my partying don't
give me a refund for my pizza
I'm not done with you
time to die Spiderman from dancing and
why do you want to save that girl oh no
why can't I stop dancing because of the
disco ball I built everyone in the world
will die from dancing that's really dumb
well the only way I'll stop it is if I
get my 20 refund from my pizza but damn
okay man here yes that's it that's all I
had to do really yeah just get rid of
this thing I don't think I can I'm Gonna
Catch around in the river but that's a
pool
[Applause]
Ken he's dead thank you so much
laughing [ __ ] he's mine well guys Ken
finally got his powers back and he
defeated Dr Octopus he kicked his ass
actually that's not true Dr Octopus was
winning I mean you can see what he did
to Ken's mask it was getting pretty bad
I mean it's really a good thing he
decided to grow a conscience because he
really had us on a platter there I'm not
gonna lie but he's dead now he decided
to push the disco ball into the pool so
he drowned I don't really know how he
drowned you think with all those arms
he'd be able to swim I mean he's an
octopus that's like literally their
habitat but I mean I guess his arms are
made of metal so maybe they were heavy
and he just sank to the bottom and
drowned I don't know he's dead anyway
you know I feel kind of bad because he
really wasn't all that bad he just
wanted to make people party you know and
really he was only mad in the first
place because we didn't give him his
money back because we screwed up his
pizza so that's kind of on us I mean
it's kind of Papa John's fault if you
think about it so is Ken okay oh no
Ken's fine he's my little Peter Parker
and I've got somewhere I'd like to park
my peter Jesus Christ I don't know if I
can take any more dude well who's King
gonna fight now he's defeated all the
bad guys well now we gotta do spider
10-3 so you know it's probably going to
be some black two and some sand so like
this video if you want to see spider can
three that'll be cool that'd be really
sick yeah all right get in here yes sir
you're telling me Spiderman [ __ ] Dr
Octopus and you didn't get any pictures
sir I don't know what you think my job
is but I'm a cop and a doctor but I
don't work for a newspaper I don't care
I just want pictures of Spider-Man
sir I don't really
pictures of Spider-Man I mean just
Google it like they're everywhere I'll
get you someday spray
[Music]
foreign
[Music]