so guys what do you want to do tonight
oh dude a new episode of Dr fle shist is
on no way yeah turn it on dude I'm going
turn it on Cody can you handar me the
remote him say
please Fight Back N fight back take your
out take your out take it stupid Please
what thought
Jesus hello I am Dr friedrick fle shits
and today I will be proving to you that
the government is lying to you the
September 11th 2001 attacks were planned
years before they actually happened and
I can prove it the government has been
leaving little breadcrumbs on the money
for instance if you fold a $5 bill just
the right way you can see the Twin
Towers not yet on fire okay that's not
that weird but if you fold a $10 bill
the exact same way now they are on fire
how could they have known this and if
you look at a $20 bill even more on fire
and on a $50 bill now they are gone only
smoke remains and if you look at the
$100 bill now they are back but they are
still Smoky and they are shorter now I
think maybe they actually meant to put
this one on the 50 and the 50 on this
one but you know it's very difficult to
plan and attack years in advance and
then little little Clues on the money to
confuse people so I don't really blame
them for getting that wrong now I know
what you are thinking Dr figer shs you
are cuckoo you are crazy no I am not
crazy and I can prove it if I could just
get a hold of the president's Book of
Secrets I could prove this and I could
prove that JFK's driver actually shot
him and that Mark Zuckerberg is actually
an alien who landed at Roswell do you
really think a human could come up with
the idea for Facebook no no human could
ever think of making a website where you
can post pictures for your friends on
the internet I am on to you government
not everything is as it seems see this
is actually a wig I bet you didn't see
that coming mom what is my bb& J I'm
making it now honey my tummy it's
hungers guys the government plan 911 no
way dude it's on the money you see that
Cody guys Dr fle [ __ ] is a nut job a nut
job that knows what he's talking about
Cody do you have $20 bill well yeah I do
okay fold it like he folded it okay in
half in the corners like that dude that
means it happened yeah we all know it
happened there's video of it this isn't
the only proof but they put the proof on
the money Cody they planned it why would
they leave Clues on the money because
they have to tell you before it happens
duh yeah like Grand Theft Auto 5 they
leak Grand Theft Auto 6 in the game cuz
they want to show people that's coming
out okay but what do they expect people
to do with this information stop it I I
don't know no one ever thought to pH it
like that until now guys this is stupid
if you just look at a $ bill it has the
White House on it next to it are two
bushes so yeah if you fold it it's going
to look like smoke Cody you just showed
more evidence think about it the person
in the White House plan 911 two bushes
we had George W bush and his dad is
President that's two bushes dude you are
a genius yeah 91 was planned by George W
bush and his dad no it wasn't Junior the
the $20 bill existed long before Bush
was even president when did the $20 bill
come out well I don't know a long time
ago Abraham Lincoln planned 911 no not
my [ __ ] Lincoln no not Lincoln because
planes didn't exist and neither did the
World Trade Center that's why he was so
genius that's why he's called Honest Abe
he had the big hat cover up his brain
with all his ideas so Abraham Lincoln
planned to fly planes and the World
Trade Center way before those things
ever existed because he was that smart
okay yeah I guess [ __ ] the right
Brothers he invented planes and the
World Trade Center and the idea to knock
down the World Trade Center with planes
yeah that's what ABR Lincoln did no it's
not what he did that's stupid okay you
know if we had the president's book we'd
be able to confirm all of this and how
are we supposed to get the president's
book oh my God how do we do that I know
a guy
Nicholas Cage what Nicholas Cage in
National Treasure 2 he can out the
president and took him underground and
he made him give him the codes to get
the book from the the the Library of
Congress yeah that was a movie oh you
think they changed the codes by now yeah
yeah yeah they changed the codes so we
have to kidnap Donald Trump and get him
to give us the codes to get the book oh
yeah I'm sure that'll be easy to kidnap
the president well the cool thing is
we're friends with someone who's done it
before and we can ask him I'm calling
Nicholas Cage you're calling him okay
guys it's
ringing hi there oh hi Nick Nikki baby
how that [ __ ] you took earlier pretty
big one what you guys talk about how
bigest shits are yeah he likes to your
accent Pennsylvania Dutch no I'm from
Florida yeah he's American so the reason
we called you Nick is we want to kidnap
Donald Trump because we want to get the
secret president's book but we don't
want to fail you know Thomas citizen
tried and failed nearly 2,000 times to
develop the carbonized cotton thread
filament for the incandescent light bulb
and when I asked about he said I didn't
fail I found out 2,000 ways how not to
make a light bulb but he only need to
find one way to make it work okay well
we're not going to get 2,000 tries to
kidnap the president yeah we got to get
on the first try 180 years of searching
and I'm 3T away he's in front of the
declaration independence he just hangs
out there yeah he's a [ __ ] people
don't talk that way anymore I I know I'm
not supposed to say that word we're
getting canceled I just I just I don't
know you're just being weird if there's
something wrong those who have the
ability to take action have the
responsibility to take action that's why
we should kidnap Donald Trump so we can
get the secrets for the American people
that's what he's talking about I'm going
to steal it um no we're going to steal
the book we got it steal the Declaration
of Independence you're going to steal
that again wait again really he already
did it all right so guys we have to
think of a plan to steal the Declaration
of Independence wait I mean that's not
what we're doing we're
still big one junior is this just a
recording you have on your phone you
don't know Nicholas Cage okay guys
here's my plan to get Donald Trump to
come over I can't believe you fake
knowing Nicholas Cage I do know him yeah
we do know him dude that was a recording
no it was a real phone call you shut up
listen this my idea to get Donald Trump
to come over McDonald's he loves
McDonald's so when he smells McDonald's
got to come over to eat it and we can
ask him for his book He's not going to
be able to smell it all the way from
Washington DC and if he wants McDonald's
he can get it whenever he wants okay
does anyone else have any bride ideas to
get him to come over uh he hates
Mexicans dude he does hate Mexicans so
if we had an illegal immigrant in the
house he'd come over to deport him but I
don't think he's going to personally
come over to deport him doesn't Chef
peipi kind of look like a Mexican yeah
with a sombrero or something he's
Italian I don't care he looks kind of
Mexican so if I call the ice people
they'll come over to deport him and
Donald Trump will come personally kick
him out I don't think that's it's going
to happen it's worth a shot let me get
my phone okay guys it's ringing is that
a fake recording too no it's real Hello
immigration police uh yes immigration
police there's someone in my house that
I don't think belongs here oh okay
what's he look like um he uh he looks
like a Taco Bell eater well I eat Taco
Bell is it me um no it's a a guy who
looks like he could be good at baseball
Barry Bonds no no he looks like he's
afraid of chac cabras kid I'm going to
need you to start speaking English he's
uh Mexican we'll be on our way okay did
it work I everybody free show us your
papers where are you Mexicans where are
you cuz I'm going to ship you to colia
wait what the hell is going on show us
your papers man Pella Amigo I don't have
any papers I am American yeah you think
you're American cuz you lived here long
enough you're stealing our jobs and
you're eating our dogs no no I never ate
dog what one time and I was at a Chinese
restaurant and it said it was authentic
I don't understand your Mexican accent
listen you're Mexican as [ __ ] because
you're over here eating chips and salsa
the food of your people yeah show us
your papers man I don't have any damn
papers send them to Columbia come on
you're going to Columbia no no what what
the hell byebye oh Mr Donald Trump
before you leave we got you McDonald's
yummy yummy McDonald's in my tummy so do
you want a Big Mac or a quarter pounder
I'll have the quarter pounder wa Mr
President could be poison let me try a
bite first God damn it I never get to
eat my own goddamn food we have some
questions [ __ ] we have some questions
for you what are you really changing the
Gulf of Mexico to Gulf of America yes
why because the gulf is surrounded by
North and South America but it touches
Mexico yes but Mexico is also part of
North America okay wrong okay um also is
there a book that has all the secrets of
America in it I don't know there might
be there might not be I don't know quite
frankly there could be but there could
also not be but if there was it might
look like this I don't know is that the
book I don't know maybe it is maybe it
isn't let me check is is there any way
we could look at it no way Jose and
speaking of Jose did you Deport the
Mexican that was in the kitchen earlier
back to
Colombia oh that quarter founder was
delicious definitely not poison but I'll
go check you you do realize that
Mexicans aren't from Colombia right yes
but Colombia is further away than Mexico
is to America so they'd have to travel
back through Mexico to get to America
plus they all speak Mexican you mean
Spanish no Spain speaks Spanish Spanish
Mexico speaks Mexican okay oh Mr Donald
Trump there's a Mexican behind you grab
the book grab the book oh no the
Mexicans stole my book Cody look it up
look it up I'm trying to find the right
page September 11th 2001 look out dude
oh the moon landing was fake obviously
Pixar animated it oo o Martin Luther
King was a robot wow Harriet tman
invented twerking I believe it she was
thick as hell back then oh JFK just had
pop rocks and Coke that's why his head
did that oh that makes sense right here
September 11th 201 what you Mexicans
give me my book back my book what do you
want me to do to them sir you know what
no Tik Tock for a week a that's the
worst punishment I'd rather go to
Colombia it's okay Daddy's going to
bring it back oh God so Cody what did
you see about September 11th I saw
horrible things things you guys wouldn't
believe what do what did you get to see
who who planned it yeah it was it was
Nicholas Cage what it's not Nikki baby
there's no way Nicholas Cage planned it
yeah just call him and ask okay I want
to call him okay it's
ringing hi there hey Nick did you plan a
terrorist attack in New York City in
2001 pretty big
one oh your accent Pennsylvania Dutch
no we're crying
[Music]