[Music]
okay Ronald Santa's here to talk about
being on the Happy Meal box perfect
Santa my God put a there let me ask you
something am I on the naughty and Nic
list don't tell me I'm naughty as
[ __ ] so stand let's talk money let's
talk cheese I love cheese oh my qu pound
this so s the baby what's you going to
take to get your face on my McDonald's
Happy Meal box well I'm going to need a
$100
million holy [ __ ] Stevie's on crack well
he is Santa Claus Ronald he wants money
you're right we got to talk business
Sant I'm a businessman you're a
businessman let's talk business let's
push the $100 million to the side how
about I offer you a 3year supply of
McDonald's quarter pound
and I throw in a free small french fry
well I'm on a diet clearly I do like
burgers but I will need some Moola too
you want to watch some Moola too the
Hawaiian [ __ ] Steve Buy Santa some
tickets to Moola too the Hawaiian [ __ ]
Im Max no no no Ronald not Moana he
wants money obviously Steve I'm not a
dumbass I got my doctorate from May MC
cheese I I got my doctor for B cheese so
Santa don't we have deal well I need
$100 million or I'm out of
here get out of here you dumbass [ __ ]
ass ugly ass red ass Jolly Jolly
ass
head what you're just angry yeah I'm
angry Steve I'm pissed off I want to get
back at
Santa who hates Santa the most let me
think Steve who hates Santa the most the
Grinch no the green guy the Grinch
yeah yeah the Grinch go give me the
Grinch Steve okay okay Ronald I got the
Grinch
perfect holy [ __ ] you are ugly as [ __ ]
thank you you smell like garbage I live
in the garbage okay well do you hate
Santa of course I hate Santa Claus I
hate Christmas I hate everything about
Christmas perfect that's why I think
you'll be a perfect fit for your face on
my McDonald's Happy Meal box what's in
it well nothing right now but eventually
it'll have like chicken nuggets maybe a
burger some french fries and a drink
will this make kids happy well yeah well
then I don't want to do it I don't want
kids to be happy I don't want anyone to
be happy I want them to get nothing did
you say nothing nothing holy [ __ ]
nothing you're a genius Steve nothing we
give them nothing we call it the Grinch
Happy Meal because they get nothing
because he stole it Steve people are
going to be paying premium Happy Meal
prices for an empty bucks we're going to
make billions Steve
billions
billions Millions we're doing it Steve
hey you got yourself a deal good doing
business with you what do I get out of
it nothing I guess the kids are sad
isn't that what you wanted
Perfect all right Steve get to making it
go sell it so guys what do you want to
do today oh dude did you hear about
those drones flying around in New jerse
what do you think they are drones oh H
guys look they have a grinch Happy Meal
in McDonald's now you're on Tik Tok Cody
yeah honestly sometimes you guys are
kind of boring you're always like what
do you guys want to do today and
Joseph's like I don't know dude I'm
bored dude did you hear they're going to
ban Tik Tok for real for real they've
been saying that for like a year now no
they actually mean it this time like
they gave a date and everything are you
serious yeah hell yeah they have Grinch
happy meals at McDonald's we should
totally get some oh bro that would be
sick we need to let's see if sh people
take us wait wait wait guys guys guys
guys look look the news the news is on
the
news breaking news M K McDonald's Grinch
Happy Meals are banned in the United
States because people hate the Grinch
and they love Christmas Canada is the
only place that will sell the Grinch
Happy Meal the spokesperson for
McDonald's Ronald McDonald has this to
say this is [ __ ] no way dude this
blows like a whale you know okay I
didn't know Cody's mom suck people off
well there it is all right guys let's go
to Canada Canada why because we need the
Grinch Happy Meal Cody yeah it's a
collector's edition we need it dude yeah
we need the Box guys we can just get a
regular Happy Meal no we need the Grinch
box with the toy but guys it's all the
way up in Canada we live in Florida
that's like the farthest north you can
go the farthest north you can go Cody is
the North Pole idiot stupid yeah I
thought you were smart take those
glasses off what the glasses aren't a
symbol of intelligence they're so I can
see all right so since you're the one
who lost this argument you need to go to
Canada to get our Happy Meals me go to
Canada how the hell am I going to get to
Canada one I don't have a passport and
two I don't have any money don't need a
passport to go to Canada if you're in
America you just need your birth
certificate and don't you have your
birth certificate in your back pocket
well yeah but that's for emergencies
okay well go to Canada what but okay
even if I can go to Canada I don't have
any money for plane tickets don't you
have $1,000 Delta Airlines flight credit
on your account well yeah but that's for
emergencies well then go you're the only
one that can go to Canada you're the
only one that gets a plane ticket so go
but still guys it's all the way up in
Canada dude you'll easily pass as a
Canadian and they'll give it to you how
so because you you look like a Canadian
you like maple syrup and uh deg grass
right yeah yeah I do like those things
okay fine I'll go to Canada stupid can
make sure to get three happy meals for
us all right guys here's our stupid ass
Grinch Happy Meals thanks buddy why are
you so mad Cody oh why am I mad you want
to know why I'm mad oh I'll tell you why
I'm mad well first of all my layover was
in Charlotte the worst airport in the
world all the people movers were broken
like always which is a problem because
they don't have any kind of transit
system so you have to walk [ __ ]
everywhere so I miss my connecting
flight because my last plane was delayed
due to mechanical issues [ __ ] you
American Airlines so so then the lady
behind the desk was like I'm sorry we
don't have any more flights to Toronto
today but we can get you a flight in the
morning and I'm like I can't book a
[ __ ] hotel room I'm a child so then
she twiddled her thumbs for what felt
like 3 hours and then poof she pulled a
flight out of her ass but then I got a
window seat between this old couple and
they wouldn't stop talking about the
weather in South Carolina hey you want
to know what they say about the weather
in South Carolina if you don't like the
weather just wait 5 minutes that's not a
South Carolina saying that's an
everywhere saying [ __ ] so then I land
in Toronto and I sit on the tarmac for 2
hours that I have to P but I can't get
up because the fastened seat Bel sign is
on we're on the ground what could
possibly happen we're basically a bus at
this point just let me get up and piss
so then we get off the plane and I
finally find a bathroom but then the
stall I go in the toilet is full of [ __ ]
just a mountain of it just stacked like
a Jenga Tower it was like one person
[ __ ] in it and then another person and
then it was like a Pay It Forward chain
of [ __ ] thank God there was a McDonald's
in the airport so I got the three Happy
Meals but then I went to get it back on
the plane and then I had to go through
customs and then the custom agent is
like is there anything in these happy
meal boxes we should be worried about
and I'm like I don't know man I bought
them at the airport if they're okay in
there they should be okay in here so
yeah then I get a layover in Charlotte
again the flight's delayed I come back
home and there there your [ __ ] happy
meal boxes okay let's open them up guys
Cody thanks dude Cody there's nothing in
here dude the box is empty you have got
to be [ __ ] kidding me what' you do
wrong Cody oh [ __ ] you I didn't do
anything wrong I got your box okay
that's what I did but you forgot the
food yeah there's nothing in here maybe
Customs took it I don't know and
honestly I don't care anymore well we
wanted the toy and all the stuff that
came inside it the whole grin Mill I am
not going back to Toronto you can't make
me go back to Charlotte Airport I am
never laying over there ever again I
won't do it but Cody we want the stuff
that came in the Box well maybe we
should just go get normal McDonald's and
put it in the Box no we want the Grinch
toy there had to be a Grinch toy well I
don't know what to tell you I'm not
doing it again but oh come on you know
what we're going to call the Grinch mhm
call the Grinch yeah we're going to call
the Grinch and ask can why his meal came
with nothing y got okay Junior what is
the Grinch's phone number maybe he
doesn't have a phone but we can summon
the Grinch summon the Grinch yeah so you
know he he only attacks on Christmas
right so we just make him think that
today is Christmas and then he'll show
up Junior I'm sure he has a calendar I
think he knows when Christmas is no if
we go lay down in my bed and we go can't
wait for Christmas tomorrow he's going
to hear that and he's going to attack o
and we could put snow down on the ground
like ooh it's snowing oh God okay well
first of all Joseph it doesn't always
snow on Christmas in fact it hasn't
snowed on Christmas here in literally
decades and also Junior I don't think
the Grinch is listening well maybe he is
and O you know what he loves he loves to
steal the last can of who has you're
right dude but Junior don't you have an
abundance of who has yeah in the pantry
but if we go get shef peipi to make a
whoo has cast roll and we leave out one
can we'd have one last can of haash
junior I'm going to be honest with you I
don't know what the [ __ ] we're talking
about I don't know what whoh is Cody
look just go lay down in the bed oh I
was going to do that anyway I've been
awake for like 48 hours and then I'll
grab one can of haash and put it between
us and it's the last can and he will
wake us up when he tries to steal it
okay I like the part where I lay in bed
all right let me get the canash heads up
wow Junior wow are you kidding me you
have the whole bed and that's where you
throw it I said heads up and I was just
trying to toss it in bed it was Heavy
all right look the can's between us the
last can of who has and when the Grinch
tries to reach it he's going to wake us
up are you comfortable yeah I'm snug as
a bug in a rug I ain't going to lie dude
this is pretty gay you know laying in
the bed with three men this some charine
[ __ ] I don't get it he means like Two
and a Half Men the sh with Charlie Sheen
yeah exactly wouldn't you have to be
half a man then no he'd have to be a kid
the half man is a kid it's Charlie Sheen
and his brother and a kid mhm and Rick
is so it would be three Half Men or
actually a man and a half yep I don't
know what the [ __ ] you guys are talking
about we're talking about human
fractions Junior well I've never I've
never seen the show all right look let's
just go to bed guys I'm not staying dude
that's what I was trying to say it's
kind of gay like I'm out of here he
could have just said that all right
let's make sure that you're taking all
the blanket Cody damn it wasn't all
right so let's make sure the Grinch
knows there the last can of hoo has oh
no there's one last can of haash no one
steal it
please I'm not as snug as a bug in any
floor
accessory I hate Christmas absolutely
hate it what do you want Max can't you
see I'm
suffering but someone has their last can
of haash but it's not Christmas yet I
must steal the last can of
haash oh man I sure do love sitting in
my squad car and drinking a nice hot cup
of hot
chocolate wait is that the Grinch no it
can't be it's not even Christmas yet
he's not allowed to steal things before
Christmas I better get out and see what
he's doing hey bud come talk to me for a
minute cut all that out who me yes you
you're not thinking about robbing that
house are you oh of course I am Oh no
you're not because you're only allowed
to rob people on Christmas you know the
rules well they know the rules too and
they put out the last of who has Before
Christmas well I don't care if they have
a whole Feast of roast beast in there oh
how the roast beast they Feast you're
not allowed to purge until Christmas but
I got to do what I do yeah you got any
weapons on you bud no all I have is my
wallet hey hey I didn't say you can
reach for anything gra
it Jesus Junior do you hear all the gun
fire outside your window it's like you
live in Ukraine maybe the neighbor
shooting a raccoon there would be
nothing left of the Raccoon by this
point maybe it's a bear oh what the
Grinch hasn't taken the last Canon who
has yeah well maybe he's afraid to walk
through the war zone outside or maybe
just maybe he's not [ __ ] real and
he's a Dr Seuss character don't say that
I'm sorry it's been a long day well if
the Grinch isn't going to show up then
there's only one other way to get the
Grinch Happy Meal we need to go talk to
Santa Claus what we need to fly to the
North Pole no no I am not going back to
Charlotte Airport you can not make me go
back to
Charlotte all right let's go we got less
than a week till Christmas uh Santa you
have visitors visitors tell them to come
on in hi Santa Claus what do you boys
want well for one I'd like you to
demolish the Charlotte Airport consider
it done I hate that place every time I
go there I want to kill myself yeah I
know how you feel um anyway Santa the
thing I want is see the the McDonald's
in Canada has a grinch happy meal and
they don't sell it in America so we flew
from Florida to the North Pole to ask
you to get us the Grinch Happy Meal from
Canada so you flew all the way from
Florida to the north North Pole to ask
me to get you a Happy Meal when you
could have just went there and got it
yourself well I sent Cody to Canada but
he did it wrong no I did it fine well he
didn't get the the toy so I just
wondering if you could just get us the
Grinch happy meal with the toy in it
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you guys get
the [ __ ] out of here um okay Santa I
just have one more request can you
please just poof us back home if I have
to get on one more goddamn airplane I'm
going to lose my mind consider it done
is he not going to get us the the the
the don't s
well Junior that was a colossal waste of
[ __ ] time and we never got the Grinch
Happy Meals the box is right here junior
it's right here it's right [ __ ]
goddamn sucking here
[Music]