no Tyrone I'm so glad we're back
together yeah you know me baby I'm just
like a boomerang I leave see other women
but I come right back that's why I love
you you're my little boomerang oh but
what the news together yeah that's
exciting bro is now we're calling all
Kindles because small pieces have been
reported to fall off the doll and cause
a choking hazard so if your child has a
Ken doll
please take it from them immediately oh
my gosh doesn't Cody have a doll like
that yeah he takes it air will with him
huh creeps me out no I don't want him to
choke and die we should take it from him
yeah that's a good idea babe Cody get
your little tushy in here and bring it
all with you right now what do you guys
want Cody we have to take your doll you
wait yeah give me that toy what why Cody
it says on the news that your Dolly's a
choking hazard well of course he's a
choking hazard I thought that was the
point don't you talk back to your mama
go to your room but big guy he's my
blade for out there go to your room yes
sir do you think we were too hard on him
you know I'm not gonna let you do this
to me they can't just take away my
boyfriend I'm gonna go get him back
Tyrone I have a question
what is it baby why do you always cheat
on me Oh baby oh let me explain Oh see
life is like a pet store and it's a lot
of animals in a pet store you don't want
to pet the same atom or look sometimes
you want to pet a dog or pet a cat or
pet that goldfish with the big booty but
you're always you now ask the baby do
you mean it Tyrell of course I mean it
doesn't do that buy you that hamster
wheel you said you wanted me to lose
weight but look I'm looking out for you
baby
doing yeah what are you doing more I was
I was trying to take Han back you better
go back to your room okay that's it I'm
putting Ken in the state before Cody
takes them yeah you got a lot more damn
so Cody doesn't choke on it Cody mom can
I have ten back no Cody he's too
dangerous so I locked him in the safe
but look what I have a new dolly his
name is Topher Topher yeah like
Christopher but without the Chris that
that's ridiculous
I know but he's your new dolly now so
have fun you oh my god is that you wanna
come inside Cody yeah so what's wrong
Cody look yeah who's that
this is Topher Topher yeah tofu what
kind of name is Topher oh you know like
Christopher but without the Chris you
know that's such an ugly name why didn't
just go by Chris oh he wants to be
different he says there's too many
Chris's and not enough Topher's yeah cuz
Topher is an ugly name yeah so gross
dude yeah I know I told him that it was
fact just like your mom yeah and he says
he's not fat he's just easy to see what
oh yeah his face book is full of minions
memes you know stuff like I'm not fat
I'm fun-sized and that kind of crap well
what happened to Kim well the news said
they had to recall Ken because he was a
choking hazard but of course he's a
choking hazard I haven't died yet I know
how to do it wait so Topher is not a
choking hazard
no you he's disgusting I don't even want
to touch him but he's a dog dude yes yes
he is a dog Joseph he's a very fat
disgusting dog yeah he's really fat and
ken was really you know a chiseled hunky
God like yeah yeah he was junior yeah
this guy's really ugly
oh you haven't even seen the worst part
he's got a man bun Oh who's that that's
Cody I know it's disgusting right oh why
don't you get kid back
there's my parents locked Ken in a safe
well we'll just go get him out of the
safe well I don't know the combination
well then bring the safe over here we'll
break into and get Kim out yeah junior
the safe is really heavy well can't you
lift really heavy stuff aren't you hunky
yeah
yeah I mean I I am really hunky but I I
hurt my back weightlifting so I'm not
feeling as strong right now okay well
then me and Joseph come help you we'll
go get it okay yeah let's go get it yeah
all right guys this is the safe all
right let's get out of here
this is heavy told you everyone on the
count of three is left at that okay okay
one two three
oh man Cody the safe was so heavy
yeah no thanks to you Topher yeah fatty
can could have lifted this with his
pinkie all right Cody so how do we get
inside this safe well it needs a three
digit passcode and we only get three
guesses and if we're wrong then it locks
us out forever what's not forever yeah
okay we only have three guesses in
there's three of us so we each get one
guess that seems fair
i'ma go first I think it's 1 1 1 well
it's not gonna be 1 1 1 Junior how do
you know Cody oh I don't know but I know
it's not bad all right Cody so if you
know all the wrong pass codes then
what's the right pass code I don't know
all the wrong pass codes jr. but I know
it's not that way
oh so you know for a fact it's not 1 1 1
well no I mean I guess it could possibly
be that but probably not probably
tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu either does it know he
said we're gonna try to do to show more
if you're the smart nerve with the
glasses you guess oh oh good oh good you
wasted two of our guesses you're gonna
just leave me with the last one oh yeah
actually I still have a good guess oh
wait you do what if it's 3 3 3 3 3 Chloe
look you seem to know all the wrong ones
what's the right one well I don't know
okay okay I have an idea how about I go
ask my mom and I see if I can get out of
her oh okay go ask your mom then I just
gonna give it to you it's how much right
through the three yeah do it do him a
try 38 gotta be three three three
oh oh oh oh he's gonna be mad Oh
it's worked out oh no man not now Cody
Mommy has a headache and daddy's looking
at my symptoms oh no baby
who said you got a brain tumor oh no not
again
it says you've got three months to live
it's probably just a normal headache I'm
gonna die she going to da boss just real
quick if you had to think of a random
three digit passcode like for a say for
something with what would it be oh well
if I had a safe which I do and it needed
a three digit passcode which it does the
code would be four four four which it is
but you better not put that in the safe
dope
IIIi won't mm-hmm guys guys you'll never
believe this I know the passcode
it's 444 what you hear that Joseph the
passcode is four four four oh wow good
thing we didn't try three three three no
we did not try that nope yeah listen
guys I just wanted to apologize for
earlier when I yelled at you and called
you stupid I just didn't think my mom
would pick such a simple passcode but
you guys weren't far off with 1 1 1 & 2
2 2 yeah we weren't far off with 3 3 3
either no yeah but good thing we didn't
try that yeah all right let's try this
for for-4 jr. why is it beeping that's
the sound it makes when you put the
wrong passcode in too many times
dude you said we were close you said we
were stupid okay guys I take back
everything I said you are both stupid
you're both idiots and you're the
stupidest people I've ever met Cody you
took the book no junior my boyfriend is
stuck in this safe forever now oh come
on Cody there's got to be another way to
get inside the safe what like what you
know look we have to pick a mallet and
like break it open right yeah this isn't
a cartoon Junior this safe is made of
steel okay come on Cody look if we hit
it hard enough you have to break open
come on go get them out okay let's try
it all right Cody I have my mallet right
they hit it like 10 times and it's gonna
open all right a Virginia
knock yourself out Cody knock myself out
what no Junior is this is saying you
said you're gonna help myself with this
mallet yeah it's not nice dude no no
junior Tzu's a thing people say like
when you tell somebody to break a leg
Cody nobody tell someone to break a leg
yeah we're not amid - no it's just it's
just a thing people say
you go jump in a wood chipper what no no
one says that go jump off a building
just nice you would do no one says this
to each other
hey Cody how about you jump out of an
airplane with a parachute and then
safely on the ground
Joseph I burned him right sure Joseph
anyway cool you know you're telling me
to hurt myself with this mallet no no
junior just just please use the mallet
to open the safe yeah that's what you
should have said not knock myself out
junior it's not working oh okay okay
what is this thing made out of I told
you Junior it's made of steel okay then
what is Steel's weakness jet fuel oh
yeah in milk feel do you have any jet
fuel junior no okay well how do we call
it doctor doctor what's he gonna do okay
Oh a doctor's did they do surgery on
people and they cut people open
so maybe they can cut the safe open oh
yes smart do yeah but you want a doctor
to do surgery on the safe yeah that
makes sense right
whatever fine all right I'm gonna call
it doctor hey somebody call a doctor
yeah you do surgeries right oh yeah I
love a good surgery what are you looking
for an open heart surgery brain surgery
oral surgery all good up in them guts no
we just need you to open something up
okay exploratory I can do that who's the
patient right here that is a safe yeah
we need you to open the safe up with
that's not surgery that's just opening a
safe but you know how to open stuff up
like people so you can open a safe right
I'm not a locksmith
I mean I am but I'm wearing my doctor
clothes right now so I'm a doctor so you
can't open this safe whose safe is it um
it's not ours
well okay well it's a good thing I'm not
wearing my cop clothes right now well
you have to help us open it I'm not
gonna help you break into somebody
else's safe but our properties in there
what do you Oh Jay Simpson I haven't
killed anyone yeah we don't play
football okay we're getting we're
getting off topic here okay what's in
the safe it's like a Ken doll is like a
Barbie doll what found it no that it's
not that one it's a different one well
that's probably good this one kind of
sucks it's fat like my ex-wife yeah so
we tried getting in it and we locked
herself out with the passcode have you
tried hitting it with a mallet yeah that
didn't work either
okay do I have an idea how about we try
pushing it out a window and whenever it
hits the ground maybe it'll pop open you
know like
oh they're doing a good idea yeah Looney
Tunes let's do that then all right so
it's fun all right kid let's see if this
works
all right it worked
hot dog it worked yeah it worked Enzo
let's go get him don't worry the doctor
right here don't worry it's an easy fix
he's our dog dude all you need is clue
we're just playing there you go kid
good as new see Cody he looks pretty
good oh my god I'm so happy to see you
well this has been fun but I'll see you
guys later
he's a dog do a stupid doll you hear
that Topher
get out of here scram well Cody even
though you have kin back your parents
still aren't gonna let you play with him
cuz he's recalled yeah yeah well I guess
I could just leave him here and visit
whenever I come over I mean I'm over
here all the time anyway oh what's that
hello hey Cody yeah yeah whoo somebody
broke into our house and stole my safe
and we think Cody might have been
kidnapped because he's not at home you
know I already put out one new ever
alert no no no he's upstairs oh thank
goodness thank Jewish God let's go get
our little boy yeah let's get a little
boy Cody Cody you're paired to come up
the stairs like right now wait
don't give your fat mom come on the
stairs like boom-boom-boom Cody how did
you get your dolly back
hey I stole it from the safe whoa oh you
stole it from this okay okay you grab it
no you granted for life so get yo right
now well Cody so no one broke into our
house and stole our safe and no mom
it was just me but look guys I'm not
gonna let you stop me from seeing Ken I
love him he's my boyfriend and he's the
only thing that makes me happy well Cody
I didn't know you felt that way you
should have just said so we didn't mind
you playing with him we just didn't want
you to get hurt if you promise not to
choke on him you can keep them yeah I
don't know about that well do you care
Tyrone look here Mikey okay
okay Cody grab your stupid little dolly
and let's go home okay mom
Wow Joseph don't you just love a happy
ending
[Music]