marvin when are you telling jeffy that
you're taking him to disney world i'm
gonna tell him at the end of the day why
not just tell him now because i want to
see if jeffy does something stupid so i
can ground him and not have to take him
oh come on marvin just trust him he'll
be a good boy no jeffy's gonna do
something wrong by the end of the day
all right daddy pull this rope why
because it'll be funny what happens when
i pull the rope it's a surprise well i
don't want to pull it come on marvin
just do it
how hard do i pull it about medium
strength
keep going daddy keep on keep going
you just broke a bunch of plates and
bowls daddy what yeah i tied the rope
around a bunch of plates and bowls and
when you pulled the rope it crashed them
all onto the floor so you made a mess
why would you do that today i didn't do
anything you're the one that pulled the
rope all right that's it jeffy you're
not going to disney world well we
weren't going to disney world in the
first place oh yes we were i was going
to surprise you today and say i was
going to take you to disney world and
now you're not going well that's not
fair if i wouldn't know we were going to
disney world i would have never done
anything bad i told you to tell him
earlier marvin he should know how to do
stuff like that so now you're not going
to disney world marvin now he knows and
he'll be on his best behavior right
jeffy yes mommy all right then let's go
to disney world we're not going to visit
west bye
yay look we're in disney world you
shouldn't be at disney world you should
be grounded let's go ride some rides
daddy
dang dang daddy can we take pictures
with the characters i thought you wanted
to ride rides jeffy no pictures first
okay just quick pictures then let's go
ride rides yay
hey mickey mouse oh hi a pal want a
picture yeah can we get a picture real
quick oh for sure
all right that'll be ten dollars ten
dollars for a photo how do you think we
make money jerkle but ten dollars a lot
all right twenty dollars for you punk
per person i don't have that much money
when you get the hell out of here come
on mickey i don't know what kind of
[ __ ] place he thinks this is ah you
know i'll take a picture with you for
free for free yeah oh jeffy should take
a free picture okay
i love the way you put your arm around
me did i have your number what
no jeffy come on let's go ride rice all
right daddy daddy daddy i want to ride
splash mountain okay jeffy jeffy don't
run off i'll ride the rides with you
want to know i got to ride it with jeffy
oh come on
with you
i am so uncomfortable right now oh come
on
no no i should be with my son where is
he
he's right there screaming oh come on
[Music]
oh no i don't kiss you no no no no get
me off this ride
[Music]
i hate my life i am going home you want
to ride again baby no leave me alone hey
i got so wet on that rod that's real
nice jeffy but we gotta leave oh ready
yeah we have to go oh where are you
going baby i'm going home so just stay
right here don't follow me
we're back yeah you're back how was your
trip it was it was something it was fun
mommy we rode all kinds of rides i was
like wee and daddy was like
i'm glad you had fun did you take any
pictures oh yeah we definitely took
pictures here go through my phone tell
her about minnie mouse daddy uh shut up
jeffy what happened with minnie mouse uh
she was she was just so nice too nice
yeah yeah did you get any pictures with
her i don't know we had to delete it
what why because jeffy was flicking the
middle finger in the photo jeffy why
would you do that i didn't do that yes
you did jeffy i don't even have middle
fingers um yeah so yeah we were just
taking photos and just keep looking at
the photos okay
let me let me see what that is just just
keep looking through the photos hello
hey there's sexy with minnie mouse what
are you doing here did you miss me no i
did not miss you what are you doing here
oh i haven't been able to stop thinking
about you since you visited the magic
kingdom okay listen minnie mouse i know
you have a crush on me i know you like
me but i have a wife and a family i
can't be talking to you oh come on
marvin what does she have that i don't
have what does my wife have that you
don't have well she's a human and you're
a mouse oh yeah why does she have this
you like what you see huh that that i
guess that's a nice mouse but but you
gotta go oh well there's more where that
came from well i'm gonna go inside so
you just stay right here who's at the
door oh no one oh my god it's minnie
mouse i love minnie mouse she's one of
my favorite characters really yes you
should come inside oh well that's what i
want you to do to me marvin oh okay
that's it baby we need to talk baby baby
listen listen up minnie mouse she has to
go like now but marvin i want an
autograph first okay a quick autograph
and then minnie mouse has to go so can
you sign this anything for you marvin
don't say that
[ __ ] thirsty okay baby listen we need to
talk so um while we're at disney world
me and jeffy were taking pictures of all
the disney characters and we're taking
picture mickey mouse and goofy and
donald and then we got a picture with uh
minnie mouse because we had the picture
minnie mouse it's the girl mickey mouse
and i put my arm around her and she said
she liked the way i did that
i'm done signing your autograph oh i
want to see
marvin why would you tear up my
autograph maybe because she signed it
wrong she misspelled her name she has to
sign it again and we don't have any more
paper so you got to go minimal sorry bye
i'm going to go look for another piece
of paper
oh okay listen you have to go i got you
got to leave i hate you oh come on
marvin you don't mean that i do minute
leave here we go i found one okay look
just do another autograph and only sign
your name just your name just just
minnie mouse and that's it i'm gonna
watch you do it the whole time
uh
let me go answer the door uh baby just
just just just please just sign your
name hello hi paul bet you weren't
expecting us did we interrupt your party
uh mickey goofy dollar what are you
doing here oh well i haven't seen minnie
in a couple days so i checked the
location on her phone and it says she's
here so where are she tell us and we'll
break their kneecaps okay she's upset
[Applause]
oh listen listen minnie is upstairs but
we haven't done anything you expect us
to believe that [ __ ]
go get the baseball bat out of the trunk
so you can break a snake will loo mickey
no baseball pattern no breaking decap
wasn't listening minnie's upstairs i
haven't done anything with her i promise
everyone
i don't know why she wrote me i'm asking
those same things all right let me see
it whip it out what i want to see if you
got a bacon huh well i i don't i don't
have a big minnie's upstairs how about
you go talk to her yourself oh yeah
let's go do that ah mickey's here
i know he wants to talk to you marvin i
want mickey mouse's autograph too no
baby i would not ask mickey mouse for
his autograph because he's in a bad mood
he doesn't want to sign autograph right
now but he's the happiest mouse alive
mr mouse will you sign an autograph for
me shut the hell up i know she's here
somewhere marvin i can smell her chanel
number five perfume mickey you ready for
me to block him not yet goofy let's see
if he talks first huh marvin what is
going on here there's
riding
open this door dammit
can we please work something out no
you've got till the count of four before
we bust this [ __ ] down
oh baby what do we do one i don't know
marvin
wherever you are
i'm so scared marvin me too oh my god
they're right there where are they at
when i find him i'm going to bash his
brains out go up well when i find him
i'm going to cut his heart off and use
it as a snow i'm going to make a blade a
curve and then stop his teeth out that's
a good idea goofy you look over there
and i'll look in the closet huh i'm
we're gonna kill you
[Applause]
oh we got you right where we want you
and now we're gonna kill you
what shall we do to him first goofy i
think we should waterboard them well i
think we should bounce our eyeballs out
and piss up our skulls mickey you're one
sick son of a [ __ ] i think we should
cut their ears off and shove them down
their throat so they can listen to their
own screams when they die
i think that's a great idea
ready to die
oh mickey let me get the first whack i
want to see his brain splatter on the
floor oh i like that idea let's get to
it
no mickey goofy
do this please don't do this mickey they
didn't do anything yeah you did you
cheated with us fool so now i gotta kill
him no i didn't this food is only for
you
hot dog goofy we're getting out of here
also no brain bastion oh there's gonna
be some bashing all right hulk and
you're joining well don't have to tell
me twice and make you ever heard of the
eiffel tower i don't know what the hell
is going on
let's get out of here okay this has been
the weirdest day of my life marvin are
you sure nothing happened between you
and minnie mouse baby are you kidding me
no i didn't do anything with minnie
mouse she's a mouse then how do you
explain this picture it's just a drawing
but it looks so real she's right daddy
it's a drawing and sharpie it's it's
what minnie mouse wanted to happen
nothing happened look i'm never going to
disney world ever again but i like
disney world daddy well no no you're
going to like universal studios we'll
start going there they have better rides
well we can't go to universal studios
because they have metal detectors on all
their rides and we can't film at
universal studios
just find something else to do during
the summer
oh daddy pull this rope i'm not blowing
my ropes
[Music]