[Music]
[Music]
because I'm gonna be really careful in
the face and you scared me drop it
because you scared me don't blame it on
me to you you made that mess
okay so eat all of your food and do not
leave this table or i'ma tell you that
okay chef peepee I'm good in my room the
only one I made a Mexican chef can be
scary I can't let you be see that I'm
gone because he's gonna tell my dad I
need a decoy I'm gonna make a decoy all
right yeah yeah they're chefs everybody
looks over here
hello gonna eat my SpaghettiOs still
oh man I can't believe I'm eating in my
room
because I'm a big boy unless he scares
me yeah yeah yeah yeah nine-one-one
what's your emergency please come quick
it's an emergency
what's wrong there's a big red stain the
carpet it's everywhere
oh no what'd you do kid did something
really bad I didn't mean to do it it was
an accident
yeah it's what they all say all right
look just don't go anywhere don't touch
the body and I'll be right over
okay all right kid if you just cooperate
this will be a lot easier for you now
where's the weapon I don't have a weapon
Jesus you did it with your bare hands
you're a monster would you do eat his
face to your freak what are you talking
about all right
show me the crime scene that's upstairs
all right lead the way all right we're
here is it bad oh it's really bad it's
all over the place it's a huge mess
I really don't wanna have nightmares
okay here we go what
it's just SpaghettiOs yes spaghetti oh
let's put it everywhere - big mess what
I thought you killed someone I thought
there was a blood stain what no I didn't
kill anyone I just spilled spaghetti OHS
oh oh
SpaghettiOs yeah no no it's a there's
not an emergency you can't call 9-1-1
because you spilled SpaghettiOs it's an
emergency because if my dad finds out
he's gonna grab me take all my toys and
then spank me in the face with his fist
he's gonna spank you in the face with
his fist yeah well maybe if he does that
I can actually arrest someone but I
don't know what to do with this you
can't help me clean up the stade well
whenever there's a car accident and
there's a lot of blood on the road we
just use coca-cola to clean it up so
you're saying poor coke on this well
yeah but I mean this is carpet and
SpaghettiOs but maybe
okay let's try coke then okay I'll go
get some out of my car yeah all right
kid I got the coke I really hope this
works
yeah don't worry it'll work stress oh
yeah get it all in there oh that's good
ya know it may not look like it's
working but you trust me this is the new
OxiClean it's gonna be spotless yeah
it's really really splash it deep in
those carpet fibers there we go there we
go
yep last part - there we go oh yeah you
know I really thought that was gonna
work you're on your own junior you're
still here
man it sucks that you can't leave the
table until you finish eating your food
what you not talking to me now oh that's
silent treat the minute well I didn't
want to give your annoying voice anyway
hello - what's going on yeah yeah yeah
you sounded really upset on the phone
what could we doing oh yeah hold on oh
sorry about that junior you caught me in
the middle of dinner I was eating my
baked beans they're really messy but I
decided to bring them anyway so what's
up besides emergency okay dude look what
happened guys
Jesus what happened here yeah dude I
spilled SpaghettiOs and then you want
tried to clean it up with soda yeah why
because the cop said that coke clean
stains not out of carpet well we just
figured that out
oh so what are you gonna do now dude I
don't know my dad's that I can't in my
room I'd be coming in my room I get
grounded so if you see the stain he'll
know I ain't my roommate grab it
these beans are good Kui can you please
stop plug my beans they're just really
good beans junior you're Cody gimme this
to a beat no Jenny these are maybe this
stupid dream okay look look look I will
place the beans gently over here I don't
want to make the stain any bigger okay
cool you look how do I get the stain out
um have you tried carpet cleaner that
was the coke no jr. the coke was coke
carpet cleaner gets stains out of carpet
just ask chef peepee if you have any I
can't share Pitt because if I got Chevy
for a carpet cleaner then he's gonna
know that I spilt food and he's gonna
tell my dad okay
do you have soap I have shampoo what
shampoo is for hair jr. well corporate
kind of feels like hair what if your
hair feels like carpet you need the
shampoo all right Joseph you have two
good ideas dude listen chocolate syrup
I'm listening what look shut up Cody
look just pour chocolate syrup over this
game in act like you poo Joseph you're a
genius yeah I know dude what what are
you talking about Cody listen look a
little early if I pour chocolate syrup
all over the carpet it's Caleb and I
just pooped over in my dad's buy him out
and if I poop on the carpet
I'm pretty sure he's gonna be mad at you
for pooping on the carpet Union no no he
didn't want me to eat in the room so I
can I get my current this thing with
chocolate syrup
he'll think I poop and I didn't spill
food you know what Junior I'm pretty
sure you're not allowed to poop on the
carpet either well I could just say I
was really sick I had really bad
diarrhea and I'm we're all over the
carpet covers at the stain so they'll
never know I hate my room you just keep
it up this year oh don't worry let me
get the thanks Joseph all right guys I
got the chocolate syrup okay let's get
the pooping do let's get the poop in
Junior this is a stupid idea
Cody shut up remove your baked beans Oh
Jeff said he's a pooping oh yeah Oh poop
all right ooh don't choke up
oh that's a poop oh yeah that's improve
right there
it smells great though what it smells
like chocolate what it does smell like
chocolate yeah you know it doesn't smell
like chocolate what poop yeah yeah so
now your dad's gonna think you ate
chocolate in here which is eating in
your room which you're not allowed to do
right dude you're right Cody I'm gonna
get grounded my dad does think I ate
chocolate and SpaghettiOs in my room
this is a stupid idea Cory why don't you
tell this is a stupid idea
Junior I said this is a stupid idea
literally seconds ago well why don't you
just stop me I did when I said this is a
stupid idea
literally and I cannot stress this
enough seconds ago oh yeah what are we
gonna do with the huge mess I don't know
Junior your carpet is ruined now
okay what if I actually pooped on my
carpet because you said the smell was
the problem it's one of the many
problems yeah because if I poop all over
this he's gonna think I actually pooped
how are you gonna poop that much I mean
I can give you some of my beans but I
don't think it'll help that much you're
right there's nowhere to poop that much
okay look guys we need to think smart I
start now dude I have an idea Oh what is
it anyway what if we just cut it out cut
the stain out and replace the carpet
which the floor carpet from another room
shows up you're a genius junior this is
a stupid idea and I really want you to
hear me this time this is a stupid idea
well Cory it's a good idea the problem
is I'm not allowed to eat my room so if
we cut the stain out and put it in
another room it's not gonna look like a
in my room
Junior I'm not gonna tell you the
problem with this plan I'm just gonna
let you figure it out when we get there
cuz I want you to learn oh I just want
to get a box cutter alright come on cut
it open okay okay let's go okay I'm done
cutting I bet you're used to that you're
emo kid you get that came out of nowhere
alright guys let's all grab a corner and
pick it up okay okay dude look now it
isn't alliterate my room it look like I
eat in this room okay but what about the
giant hole in the carpet in your room uh
we're gonna cut a hole in this carbon
here and take it to my room to make it
look clean all right let's see how that
goes I'm gonna use this as a stencil I'm
gonna cut around it
they're brand-new carpet yeah that's
good to me dude
yeah jr. it fits like a glove what's
wrong Cody it's too small Junior it's a
little too small yeah a little it
doesn't even fill in the hole and
besides you didn't even cut out the part
of the carpet that was stained with the
coke Oh could you real cut a bigger
piece no junior then you're gonna have
more holes in your carpet okay well what
if I take paint and I paint in all the
parts that don't have carpet paint yeah
I have pay as the same cause the carpet
all right you know what fine junior I
honestly don't think you could make it
look any worse okay I'm a painted all
these holes yeah it's got a good coat
yeah it'll work dude all right Cody
watch and learn yeah uh-huh uh-huh oh
yeah junior it's not even close to the
color of the carpet we got any better
ideas Cody yeah eating my beans that's
what I'll be doing do don't listen to
them it's good thanks Joseph mm-hmm yeah
more what paint huh a little there and
done dude it looks like a match the
beets I don't even notice it thanks
Joseph
oh you're welcome dude what do you think
about it oh yeah yeah it looks great
yeah it looks good as new though they'll
never notice anyway I'm done with my
beans so I guess I'm gonna head home
good luck Junior yeah it's getting late
dude so I gotta head home too
I'm out of here all right bye Joseph
yeah it looks really good no one knows
this I'm gonna go to bed too yeah all
right Junior I'm going to sleep well Wow
Junior you still haven't finished your
food look I'll bring you a pillow
because you're not leaving this table
until you're done eating okay good night
oh man I finally get to go to sleep oh
my god what is that
[Music]
why the Bowser who pooped in the other
room who look I'm trying to see who made
this mess look come and check the other
room look oh my god is that chocolate
syrup with bouncer I think I know what
happened
Julia musta ate in this room smells like
any old everywhere it's real chocolate
sir
cut the crap it's just the cover it up
really oh he's so grabbing jr. anything
the kitchen well well well so you think
I'm stupid huh
so you're gonna eat in your room make up
man you trying to cover it up and think
I wouldn't find out well your dad is not
as stupid as you think he is now it's
time for that spanking in the face
julia is so stupid he actually thought
he would get away with it
[Music]