all right guys you ready to go practice
trick-or-treating I still don't
understand why we need to practice
trick-or-treating we've been doing it
for years without a problem because Cody
there's a dress rehearsal for Halloween
we make sure our costumes look good and
make sure we say Trick or Treat right
how do you say trick-or treat wrong you
just say trick- or- treat and then they
give you candy no Cody you have to say
the whole thing that's how you get more
candy you say trick or treat smell my
feet give me something good to eat and
then the rest if you don't I don't care
I'll pull down your underwear I like
that better no no no we're not going to
say that we're not going to say if you
don't I don't care I'll pull down your
underwear like you're threatening to
assault them you thought to pull the
underwear down who wrote that Bill Cosby
or Jared Fogle well that's just how it
goes Junior we're not saying that part
see this is why we have this whole dress
rehearsal so we say it right because if
you say that we're going to get arrested
all right so I think we have the whole
gang we got Joseph as
Scooby and we got Penelope as dapne
dapne and we got Cody as El and then we
got Fred yeah okay I'm I'm Shaggy wait
we're missing a character we're missing
Scrappy Doo oh we don't have a Scrappy
Doo Oh shfp would be a good Scrappy Doo
but we don't even have the costume I'm
going to go ask him if he wants Scrappy
do but we don't have the cut whatever
come on guys he has to see he has to see
our costumes I'll make him want to do
it hey Chef peei no not right now Junior
I'm making fried Fruit by the Foot that
sounds yummy wait you guys just like
cursed the Carly dog for Halloween wait
you're 4 days early though no we're not
Courage the Cowardly Dog I I don't know
what would make you even think that I
mean I guess I could be Muriel and
Junior could be eustus bags but no
that's not what we're doing but Joseph
is the dog no we're Scooby-Doo oh never
heard of it impossible everybody's heard
of Scooby-Doo well I I didn't cuz I
never had a TV growing up well I feel
like it still would have gotten around
somehow well it missed me it never got
around what do you guys want we want to
know if you want to dress up like
Scrappy Doo who well Scrappy dooo is
like a little Courage the Cowardly Dog
who's also an [ __ ] no I want to be
Clifford oh you've heard of him okay
yeah that makes sense who hasn't heard
of Clifford the Big Red Dog you idiot
okay but we don't even have a Clifford
costume or a Scrappy-Doo costume so I
don't even know why we're asking you
come on guys let's go practice saying
trick-or treat bother me and my fruit
friy
[Music]
H it's good to be a
billionaire what the T get in here yes
sir empty more yummy very well sir hurry
TI I'm parched like a pear tree oh come
on T you're blindfold put it on I don't
want your life to be too easy very well
sir you better not spill it I swear to
God if you spill one drop on that
counter I'm going to beat your ass you
know what I'm going to come watch oh
where is it you better not spill it that
is Poppy Rose 2007 but sir I can't see
didn't you go to Butler score some [ __ ]
well they didn't teach me this in Butler
school well they should have wasn't it
on your resume that you were the best
blindfolded wine pourer sir you just
made that up no I didn't you better
start pouring I just don't see under
what circumstance anyone would ever need
to blindfolds in order to pour wine this
one now get to pouring oh very well sir
oh
wait I think I'm getting it sir look
what you did there's no way I swear I
was Bing it's in the glass up chives I'm
tired of you screwing around now get
your ass out there in the yard and pick
up the gardener [ __ ] The Gardener
defecates in the yard yes you know he's
not allowed in the house that old stinky
[ __ ] oh very well sir go keepa get in
here mess time to P for me Mr good man
yes mess time oh do you want me to get
back on my lace no that's yummy time
this is mess time clean it oh so do you
want me to make a mess with my mouth no
take your hand and a napkin and rub o
the table o and clean up the [ __ ]
mess oh so you just want me to clean
this wine with the napkin Cece's Pizza
yes yes pizza now I'm going to go make
sure Javier The Gardener didn't leave
his orange picking ladder under my
[ __ ] orange tree or else he's going
right back to julaha Mexico okay
[Music]
oh my God oh my God she ain't even clean
up the mess B Kera B you're fired no
more job byebye green card sir she's
dead she's been stabbed in the back and
you know what that means CH that means
you're going to have to pick up the
slack around here and start doing all
her jobs that means cleaning the house
giving me blumpkins give me thank you
time no sir any anything but that I
really think we should just call the
police okay you do that I'm going to go
Google up some cities in Mexico where I
can find a new one oh where's my phone
oh I got to call
911 911 what's your emergency please
help there's been a murder oh do you
know who did it no no no it just
happened I have no idea who could have
done it well don't worry cuz you're
talking to a clue Master let's see it
has to be Colonel Mustard in the study
with the Candlestick what no there's no
colonel mastered here okay then it's
definitely Professor Plum it's always
him what are you playing clue yeah are
you not playing clue sir there is a dead
body here someone has been murdered oh
[ __ ] for real okay well then I I'll be
right there thank you please hurry he's
already here hello trick or treat what I
know Halloween's not till Thursday but
we wanted to practice saying trick-or
treat what it's three [ __ ] words
Junior I I called the cops though
there's been a murder a Mur Mur you hear
that gang we solve crimes we we're the
mystery gang yeah the the mystery gang
oh you must mean forensics yes come
right in the bod's this way body Cody do
we go in no Junior we don't s real
crimes well but we're we're the mystery
gang let's ask Scooby if we should go in
hey scoob should we go in R ragy good
idea scoob let's go what all right the
bod's over here zo scoo jinkies
y That's The Flintstones oh my bad dude
say it right oh for real regy do you
have any dog treats me and my dog can
eat what no oh well all right gang
there's a dead body what should we do I
think we should split up and search for
Clues come on dapne okay all right guys
there's two Clues here a knife in this
girl's back and a body with a knife in
it I think you can count those as one
look we're going to solve this murder
we're going to find out what happened to
her Junior what the [ __ ] are we doing
here we're supposed to be practicing for
trick-or-treating which is stupid anyway
because it's not even that hard it is
kind of hard guys we've been trick or
treat our entire lives and not one time
have I messed up saying trick or treat
then why do we need to practice because
there's some people who have a hard time
saying trick-or
treat hey Joseph how do you say the
words when you open the door on
Halloween oh smell my feet give me some
money see he doesn't he just doesn't
quite get it okay yeah I understand that
but we're not going to solve a murder
Junior but look we're the Scooby gang we
can solve murders just like they do in
the show okay they're not called the
Scooby gang and they don't solve murders
usually it's just some goofy guy in a
mask running around trying to scare
people for insurance purposes or
something what was that last part you
just said for insurance purposes or
something hey bald man does anyone like
pull out like a life insurance policy on
this woman before she died well Mr
Goodman did but he does that for all of
his servants we should speak to this Mr
Goodman guy and see where he was during
the murders well he was with me in the
backyard while I was picking up the
gardener [ __ ] where was The Gardener he
was with me watching me pick up his [ __ ]
oh I'm out of suspects we should leave
yeah I agree we should go home and let
the police hander this wait what did you
just say I said we should let the police
handle this police please help me is
what she said before she got murdered I
can hear it in my head no you're not
hearing it in your head you're just
thinking that because it sounds like
please wait a minute I think I know who
did this okay who did it Chef peeee what
how the [ __ ] would Chef Pee do this
where was he at when she got murdered
probably your house where he always is
see you always think he's at at my house
see we don't we don't ever think he's
anywhere else so he could be here
stabbing her in the back when we least
suspected why would it be him I don't
know why wouldn't it be him it literally
could be anyone in the world yes it
could be literally anyone in the entire
world so we have to start interviewing
everyone in the entire world junior
we're never going to interview everyone
in the world not with that attitude if
you just stop talking and stop yapping
we can get start talking to people okay
L let's go talk to Chef Pee all right I
think we should drag the body and show
him the body Junior why are we going to
drag the body there because if we show
Chef peipe his victim's body he's going
to cry when he sees his victim like you
you if we go say hey Chef did you kill
someone he could lie to us but if he
sees the body right in front of him he's
going to cry because he's can remember
stabbing her in the back I think if you
show anybody a dead body they're going
to freak out listen you just go find the
other two and me and Scooby are going to
drag these people to drag this body to
our house okay
fine come on Scooby she's slipping she's
slipping I got her dude I got her grab
the body grab the body I got her dude
what are you saying Ry yeah that's right
Scooby hey what are you guys uh doing oh
hey cops uh we are solving a murder
really cuz it looks like you guys might
be doing a murder oh oh no no no no no
see we're the Scooby gang and I'm Shaggy
he's Scooby dooo I can see that yeah
yeah and so uh this guy called the
Scooby gang to solve the murder no he
called the police and I would know
because I am the police oh well listen
you don't have to do anything we got it
from here we we we have a prime suspect
oh well who is it my chef chef peee oh
what Clues have you found uh we found a
knife in This Woman's back and she's
dead okay and what about that says Chef
peee the kitchen knife thank you Scooby
what did you say uh uh kitchen knife
yeah yeah so the the kitchen knife my
chef is in the kitchen and he uses
kitchen knives so maybe he came over
here and stabbed her with the kitchen
knife okay but we're nowhere near his
house yes see that's that's what makes
him a prime suspect because no one was a
suspect it's him and he just probably
came over here and did this real quick
okay look uh I I don't feel like
arresting all of you and doing all that
paperwork so I'm going to let this play
out cuz I have a feeling you guys are
just going to call me later yeah he
realized we're better than him totally
all right the body's slipping the body
oh Jesus slippery one oh my God Fred I
think I found a clue oh my God where
it's right there it's a mask oh my God
you found a clue
y hey guys uh shagg and scoo are
dragging the body back to Shaggy's house
hey Velma look I found a clue yeah she
totally found a clue oh wow good job
guys no say the thing yeah say the thing
jinkies a clue this damsel is distressed
okay but guys seriously can we cut the
[ __ ] somebody's actually dead and
Junior's dragging the body back to his
house so grab that I think it might be
important okay
okay what am I doing wrong hey Chef
peipi no not right now Junior I'm trying
to fry this Fruit by the Foot but it
keeps melting have you tried putting
batter on it
H okay okay okay I'll try that next time
shfp do you know this woman why did you
bring a dead woman in here junior how do
you know she's dead because she has a
knife in her back you dumbass I never
pointed out the knife how do you know
there's a knife in her back how do you
know that's how she died context clues I
can see with my own eyes duh H Chef what
have you been doing tonight frying Fruit
by the Foot did you not hear me or your
ears not working and you've been getting
mad at that Fruit by the Foot Right yes
like really mad yes frustrated and maybe
you want to take that frustration out on
a woman's back with a knife maybe but no
not really I don't even know this lady
oh okay so you don't know this lady how
do you know she's a lady how do you know
she doesn't identifies as a lady how do
you know she doesn't identify as a man
because I how do you know her pronouns I
don't know her like that I'm just
assuming oh wow and what happens when
you assume you make an ass out of you
and me damn you're right and what his
asses do [ __ ] and you're talking a lot
of [ __ ] right now Chef what do you want
from me to here did you kill this woman
or not no I didn't kill that damn woman
you swear to God I swear to Moses
anybody Moses he didn't swear to God but
he would swear to Moses what bro what do
you want from me Junior you just for for
some reason you can't swear to God but
you'll swear to me I swear to God okay
does that make you feel better hey
Junior they found this mask it might
belong to the killer uh-uh that mask is
way too big to fit my small face oh it
couldn't be me mm- yeah he's right this
mask would never fit him I guess we have
to look for other suspect wait a minute
what now when we came to ask you if you
wanted to be Scrappy dooo and you
thought we were couraged to cly dog
which is no way close to what we are I
think I saw that mask behind you what no
you didn't what are you talking about
wait Junior look right here it says
property of Chef
Pee shush stop grasping you know what
fine I did it I did that [ __ ] I killed
that [ __ ] zo jinkies let's split up
gang but why Scooby Snacks what look I I
killed her because I hate working here
and I want to work for Mr Goodman and
she stole my job so I said if I could
sneak up and stab her in the back while
she's working and cleaning up oh she
could die and it would be a job opening
available and it I can steal all the
jobs it will be mine and I could have
gotten away with it too if it wasn't for
you C the Cowardly Dog nope not even
[ __ ] close you had one line and you
messed it up yeah Chef is you supposed
to say if it wasn't for you meddling
kids meddling kids yeah I told you I
need to watch the damn show you're going
to go to jail for killing someone you
swear to God also let [ __ ] up
[Music]