oh congratulations on making it to the
final three okay cool but that last game
what was that about what do you mean
well we all made it across the glass
bridge and then you guys just blew it up
in our faces like there were glass
shards everywhere I mean look at Marvin
he got all cut up we did that in case
there was anyone on the bridge they
would be eliminated okay but there was
nobody left on the bridge so I don't
know why you guys blew it up and you
guys could have just dropped the glass
out you didn't have to blow it up and
make glass shards fly everywhere you
know how hard it's going to be to clean
up it takes forever to clean up glass
you're not going to get it all it
because you made it to the final three
you will be rewarded with a fancy dinner
oo Marvin you hear that a fancy dinner o
now how fancy are we talking we talking
no elbows on the table fancy or Olive
Garden fancy and also can I see a menu
no but okay but I'm warning you I don't
eat regular salad I only eat Caesar and
for dessert I want one of those um
Marvin what is that coffee thing with
the the layers tiu I want that or
vanilla ice cream you do not get to
choose okay but if I don't like it I'm
going to complain please put on your
suits to get ready for dinner suits I I
actually didn't pack a suit we have
provided you with suits oh is this like
a rental thing are you going to charge
me if I get it dirty cuz I am a Messy
eater no okay but I'm warning you I'm
going to go crazy please put on your
suits and I will be back to get you
shortly okay where are they oh oh no
these are some nice suits Danny I look
spiffy as [ __ ] I'm about to get some
Poon in this [ __ ] hell yeah Jeffy
Marvin be honest how good do I look do I
look like James Bond the name's Guy
Brooklyn guy Benn Benn
Benn d d you ever play that game Marvin
golden ey for for the console I can't
say the name of you know Marvin last
time I wore a suit I [ __ ] my pants yeah
I lost the security deposit for the
rental cuz I just returned a big old bag
of [ __ ] there was a suit in there
somewhere please follow me to your
dinner oh good I'm hungry
[Music]
this better not be green beans oh my God
now this is a meal [ __ ] those eggs what
is this what is this flaman asparagus
garlic mashed taters oh now if we're
going to be killing each other this is
the kind of meal we should be eating
tonight's Feast is prepared as a token
of gratitude for the sacrifices and
effort you finalists have made and to
encourage you to perform even more more
splendidly in the final game please
relax and enjoy your Feast how long it
take you to memorize that shut up I'm
just saying you know if you talk you
should have more emotion cuz the robot
[ __ ] is just not sexy at all eat your
food Don't Mind If I
Do hey D this is what it would look like
if I threw
up Jeffy stop it oh oh my God this steak
is [ __ ] tear I mean cook to
Perfection I I mean what what is this
wagu beef this cow never touched the
ground I like to dip the steak in the
garlic mashed potatoes and the asparagus
I didn't even think I liked asparagus
but apparently I do the way they cooked
it my compliments to the [ __ ] chef
and this but what is this what is this
Moscato let me try
this oh oh my God I am in heaven right
now oh holy [ __ ] this steak if I was on
death row I would choose this for my
last meal like if I die in the next game
I don't even care it'll be worth it just
for this steak you know what I would
give up sex for the rest of my life just
for one more bite of this amazing
[ __ ] steak oh my god oh I'll have
what I'm having oh [ __ ]
yeah why are you crying because it's all
gone I don't want it to be over yet I
ate too fast I didn't know what I had I
should have saved it every bite was
better than the last I was like ego from
Ratatouille when he ate the Ratatouille
that [ __ ] took me back to my childhood
are you finished unfortunately
yes hey hey hey you forgot the knife no
you keep that what the hell am I going
to do with a knife
oh okay hold on to
this now see Marvin you got the right
idea you're taking your time enjoy that
[ __ ] [ __ ] yeah I wish I'd done that are
you done mhm Marvin you better get a go
box for that [ __ ] I bet it's even good
cold wait what are you doing with that I
am throwing it away no that's [ __ ]
give it to me if he doesn't want it no
what what come on give it to me I'm done
too okay can I have his no what what the
[ __ ] you guys are wasting the best meal
I've ever had oh God help
me I hope you enjoyed your meal enjoyed
enjoyed is not the right word there was
no word in the English language to
describe how much I enjoyed that steak I
would stab my own eye out right now if
it meant I could have one more bite of
that steak you know a pig's orgasm lasts
30 minutes and I feel like a pig after
eating that steak please go to sleep you
will need your rest for the final game
tomorrow oh you hear that guys the final
game you better hope it's not a contest
to see who can eat the most of that
steak cuz I'm going to be like Joey
[ __ ] Chestnut just Hing them down
B you're not holding up too well are you
buddy no I'm fine yeah then why didn't
you touch your food it just didn't taste
good stop lying to me please that [ __ ]
was tear that was the best goddamn steak
I've ever had in my life Marvin that
[ __ ] was like butter they murdered the
cows in the Next Room that's how fresh
it was those cows were massaged and
jerked off five times a day I would play
these games five more times and risk
dying every time just to make it to that
dinner and have that steak again I bet
there's a room full of chefs playing
these games and if they don't make the
best steak of their lives they get
killed and that's the stakes we ate if I
win these games they don't even have to
give me the money they can just give me
the chef's phone number so I can have
that stake whenever I want Marvin if
there were five big black guys with 12in
dongs in front of me you do not want to
know what I would do to have another
bite of that steak they could bang my
wife if they wanted to I mean yeah she's
dead but I would still let them do it
you know if they're into that kind of
thing somebody could piss on that steak
and I would still eat it if you threw
that steak and a dumpster and a homeless
guy shat on it I would still eat it
that's how good that [ __ ] steak was
Marvin oh God it hurts so bad Marvin you
know what I'm [ __ ] pissed you didn't
finish your steak that makes me so
[ __ ] mad you have no idea how mad I
am that that steak is just rotting in a
dumpster somewhere instead of in my
belly I should have eaten that steak
[ __ ] You Marvin I hate I hate you for
not eating that steak I'm I'm going to
stab you to death in your sleep for not
eating that
steak it is time to wake up oh do we get
breakfast can we have steak and eggs but
instead of eggs we get garlic mashed
potatoes and asparagus no you do not get
breakfast that's okay I want that to be
my last meal anyway will you shut up
about the food well you've clearly never
had it you should have snuck a bite when
you were taking the plate away it's
lifechanging phenomenal as I mindblowing
wait what happened to him oh yeah I
stabbed him to death what why well
because he didn't eat his steak and I
couldn't forgive that we need him for
the final
game good morning everybody hey Daddy I
took a wicked [ __ ] in my pants I need
you to clean it hey Daddy hey Daddy he
he's
dead my dad's dead I want to know who
[ __ ] killed him cuz when I find out
who did it I'm going to bend their
fingers back all the way to their wrist
and I'm going to rip their nose off and
make them eat it I want to know who
[ __ ] killed my daddy uh she did come
here [ __ ] I'm going to kill you wait no
no no no hold on to that energy you will
need it for the final game follow me oh
I wonder what the final game will be I
bet it's going to be Rock papers and
scissors and they're going to use actual
rocks papers and scissors oh I hope they
jump up with Barb Wire Mickey I got a
new mask and I still can't see [ __ ]
there's no [ __ ] aole oh my God goofy
why did you pick a Darth wall Mase well
you told me I needed a mask from an LP
we own and he's already wearing Darth
Vader so I thought I'd wear Darth ball
you're wearing [ __ ] Batman and we
don't even own that not yet we don't
goofy not yet hello VIPs are you ready
for the final game yes sir do we
absolutely need these masks because
everybody knows I'm goofy so who gives a
[ __ ] the mask are to protect your
identity from [ __ ] who we're all rich
as [ __ ] and it's not like the
contestants could see us and even if
they could who gives a rats foot I'm
sorry no Hey listen man is there any way
that he could please take the damn mask
off please I'm sorry no well I'm just
going to keep bitching stupid piece of
[ __ ] [ __ ] dumb ass K made this [ __ ]
kill people for Mone continue the sooner
we get this over with the sooner I can
take this [ __ ] off all right VIPs the
final game is called squid game what the
[ __ ] do he say there's no ear holes in
this thing either he said squid games
what the [ __ ] is that the game is called
squid game yeah I keep hearing people
say that and I don't know what the hell
that means the game is shaped like a
squid wait this is supposed to be a
squid I thought it was a badly drawn
house where are the tentacles it's like
the main thing squids have I hope this
is a contest to see who can draw a squid
cuz I know I would at least beat you let
me explain the rules please one the
attacker must okay who is the attacker
we'll pick that in a minute
the attacker must enter into the squid
shaped court so this is supposed to be
squid shaped yes okay I don't see it let
me continue the attacker must run past
the defense and tap the squid's head to
win wait the squid's head I I don't even
see the [ __ ] squid I definitely don't
know where his head is two the defender
must push the attacker out of the
drawing to win wait attacker and defend
I don't even know what the hell they're
doing three if there comes a situation
where either one of you can't continue
playing the last one standing wins okay
but what if neither of us know how to
play the [ __ ] game does that count as
neither of us being able to play cuz
then can we just have like a steak
eating contest instead we will flip this
coin to decide who is on offense and who
is on defense heads or tails wait which
one do I want to be on what which is
better offense or defense heads or tails
wait I get to pick um wait that's not
fair I don't want to pick yeah he's
right that is pretty unfair are we going
like oldest to youngest or who performed
the best cuz I don't even know how you
rate that we're both here do you want to
play Rock Paper Scissors to decide who
calls the toss no I did it with my wife
and she died heads or tails so I do get
to pick wait I want to pick I also would
like to pick okay a first person to call
it in the air heads or tails heads wait
yes it's heads I get offense well then I
want defense okay but we didn't have to
toss the coin anyway players get in your
positions wait positions where where the
hell is that uh you don't even remember
do you uh offense is in the Triangle
okay [ __ ] it yeah if you say so um where
will I go uh right there right
yeah okay so like does he kick off to me
do do we get like a ball to play with or
or rackets or something is this another
marble game the game begins now oh okay
well um I'm on offense am I supposed to
go over there is that the touchdown do I
get a touchdown if I touch that Circle
how many points do I get what am I
supposed to be defending can I leave
this circle I I guess she's just not
going to answer us now um can we just
fight until one of us dies yes oh good
come here hey he pause you brought your
knife I didn't know you could do that
hey hey pause freeze time out he brought
his knife is he allowed to do that yes
what what the [ __ ] that's not
fair come on man why' you do that by the
way he killed your father you killed my
daddy yeah but listen he didn't even eat
his steak I hate
you okay I give up I give up I give up
no I bet on him to win oh come on finish
this thing kill him who's [ __ ]
winning I can't see
you ready to die k please don't kill me
not until I've had one more bite of that
delicious steak I would like to end the
games here why kid if you quit now
you're not going to get any money I want
to play fortnite I'm bored he wants to
end the games early oh come on he's
right there kill him finish him get your
money does that mean I win my bet did
you bet for them to end the games early
I still don't know who we're talking
about I don't know who the final two are
I'm going to slap the [ __ ] out of you
goofy BR it [ __ ] do you really want to
end the games here yes I do yeah that's
right the D characters with blood armor
win we can't die and that means we can
always come back and play the games
again and have more of that stake and
and hopefully you're not the guard next
time because your voice is really
[ __ ] annoying and you don't know how
to draw a
squid Jeffy W
yeah but I'm rich as [ __ ] oh hell yeah I
won I hate this stupid [ __ ] Korean
Island well over that means I can
finally take this stupid [ __ ] off sweet
Jesus I can finally breathe I'm getting
back on the Jet and going back to Magic
Kingdom I hope your jet crashes into a
helicopter me too congratulations Jeffy
you won squid game but my daddy's dead
and my mommy's dead but look at all your
money I feel better now paper like pee
PE but cash and cash cash green cash
cash cash paper her
[Music]