so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know guys guys guess what I got
what the first copy of Grand Theft Auto
6. no you don't then how's it in my hand
huh it's probably fake no it's not dude
it's legit where'd you get it from
Joseph I got a friend who's friends
whose friend's dad works at rockstar no
he doesn't yes he does dude I'm telling
you this is the first copy right here
let me see guys this is clearly just
Call of Duty and they scribbled over the
name and wrote GTA 6 on the bottom in
Sharpie dude they had to disguise it I
have the first copy they didn't want
anybody else to know nah well guys we
gotta play it yeah it's in VR dude we
have to play it nah get this fake crap
out of here where you going could wow
he's being really lame today yeah he's
such a loser dude but you said it's VR
it is VR dude real Graphics okay Jeffy
let's play it oh Jeff you play it first
okay okay I'm gonna put it in the system
dude okay put it in the system all right
Jeffy put this headset on is it on right
yeah I just put it on you all right dude
the game is in the system how's the
graphics it looks like real life it
looks like reliable man
okay so what do you see Jesse I see you
guys they put us in the game
hey put us at the game and I see the
living room too they put my living room
in the game Joe oh that's crazy oh Jeffy
run around and beat people up and still
call us yeah I can do that yeah it's
just a video game you're not gonna get
in trouble for it okay
where you going Jeffy Dude where's
traffic going ween is in my mouth
witness in my mouth I'm about to have
wings in my mouth no homo no homo no
homo no Hollow a little homo wait Jeffy
what are you doing in my kitchen I'm
playing Grand Theft Auto wait it
came out no way yeah and it's on VR oh
my God that is crazy how's the graphics
oh it's really realistic you're even in
the game oh I'm in the game you told me
this is cozy oh man can you beat up
people oh let me see
so realistic
wow this map is huge I'm gonna go
explore wow check out these Graphics oh
check out that car I'm gonna see if I
can steal it
hey get on the road
roads are for cars dip hey what are
you doing hey get out of my car
sure he's doing my car oh my God I can't
believe I just stole this car this game
is awesome I'm gonna turn around and run
that guy over
hello police this guy just stole my car
I'm going hey squash you like a box and
he's gonna hit me
yay 500 points I just turned him into
roadkill let me see if I can find
another one
Whaler don't play in the road don't tell
me what to do Mom and look out for cars
look out for these nuts watch your tone
Tyler shut up oh look at this kid
he's about to get creamed
damn that kid is dungeon Rings this game
is so fun okay Simmons two aces all
right go fish what Simmons were playing
poker well then draw a full that's Uno
do you not know how to play poker poker
how did you know hold on Simmons the
radio all units behind the stolen red
Lamborghini using a hit and run you hear
that Simmons a stolen car we should keep
an eye out
see ya Maybe we should go back to our
card game oh that is
[Music]
it is red I don't think that's the car
but I think we should follow it just in
case all right sounds good I might take
this thing to the paint shop and get it
painted Barney purple
oh the police
oh this should be fun I'm gonna pull
over
okay Simmons we pulled them over but I
don't think it's the criminal because if
it was he wouldn't have just pulled over
in a stolen car he would have run should
we invite him to play poker not yet
let's make sure it's not the criminal
first so I'm gonna go talk to him you
stay here and Google the rules to Poker
all right oh do I have a surprise for
them I'm gonna do the grenade launcher
cheat code squared circle triangle up
down left right square right bumper left
bumper yeah excuse me sir this car
stolen holy that's a grenade
launcher Simmons Simmons I think I
finally learned how to play Pokemon he
has a grenade launcher will that be the
Full House say hello to my little friend
holy
oh I guess it's just a Nerf toy can't do
any damage
holy Simmons no no he never learned
how to play poker I'm gonna kill you you
bastard how are you gonna be the tank is
that a tank where'd he get a tank from
your mom's house take this oh my God
dispatch I'm currently hiding behind a
pole this psycho has a goddamn tank he's
blowing up cars and
this is the best game ever now die
covers
Jesus Christ he's shooting at me with a
minigun this is a goddamn nightmare
oh man I ran out of bullets I'm gonna do
the more ammunition cheat code you're
under arrest get on the ground don't hit
me down stop it you're gonna arrest him
okay you have the right to remain silent
you know what screw it come on you're
going to jail
[Music]
you are being accused of going on quite
a crime spree I have the charges written
here on my hand that's it a Grand Theft
Auto attempted vehicular homicide
assault assaulting a police officer
assaulting a police vehicle using a
grenade launcher using a grenade
launcher to destroy said police vehicle
and the driving attack did I miss
anything I'm suing and the suit Jeffy
how do you explain your criminal
behavior on the down wow this game is
really realistic oh I see you think life
is just one big video game well I've
said it before I think video games are
corrupting the minds of our children we
will now speak to your victims to see if
you have any remorse for your behavior
he stole my Lamborghini and hit me with
it your honor he broke my neck and my
weiner doesn't work anymore what girl's
gonna want to date someone who's weird
doesn't work and whose neck is broken
I'd like to advocate for the electric
carrier on her
he ran over my little boy Tyler your
honor he did it on purpose I want to see
him locked away for a really long time
well your honor he shot at me and then
he blew up my squad car with a grenade
launcher with my partner still inside so
you know barbecue chicken I have to tell
his family about that and then he had a
tank I don't even know where the hell
that came from well if you break into
your military base you can steal the
tank did you just hear that you're on it
he just admitted to breaking into a
military base I mean that has to be like
the highest crime I mean that's Federal
might even be a war crime for all I know
I mean ow and he just hit me again
you're wrong or he hit me did you see
that yes I did see that add another
assault charge Jeffy now that we have
heard from all of your victims do you
feel any remorse whatsoever for your
five-star wanted level crime spree I'm
just trying to see if there's any cheat
codes to lower my wanted level well
Jeffrey you're going to quickly learn
that there are no cheat codes to life
there is no up down up down left right
left right ba start in real life because
real life has real consequences
so what punishment should I give for all
of those crimes I mean Guilty By the way
obviously
let's see oh the tank or the tank I'm
thinking life hmm okay can I give him
life how does that sound did anybody die
barbecue chicken did he die is he okay I
do think he perished in the car
explosion but I I don't think that's
Canon I think that might just be for
this video because like usually when
people die in videos they they do return
unless it's like a really big deal like
jeffy's Mom in the SML movie for his
18th birthday and even that's like kind
of iffy like she she might come back I
mean we all used to be turtles so I mean
anything goes really I mean Joseph used
to be rich like what happened to that I
mean we knocked that off after the
backlash you know so I mean it's up to
you man so he did die in this video so I
hadn't sentenced him to life
or one million billion billion jillion
gillion gazillion years whichever comes
first but
I believe in the world of Second Chances
so if you can beat me in a game of eyes
I Spy I will let you go I spy with my
little eye lies something guilty you
hahaha
all right come on you get on my
imaginary horse
all right get in there you that was a
fun horse ride but that's the last one
you're ever gonna have because you're
gonna rot in jail Jeffy we heard about
all the terrible stuff you've been doing
you were such a good boy you do those
things yeah what's wrong with you Jeffy
why are we just playing my new Grand
Theft Auto 6 game on VR it makes it
really realistic Jeffy this is not a
video game this is real life you hurt
real people well Daddy I know it feels
like real life because you do VR headset
but right now I'm on the stuck in jail
Mission and it's really hard so I think
I'm gonna have to use cheat code to get
out of this jail cell there's no cheat
codes to get out Jeffy yes there is hey
I'm gonna use the breakout in jail with
Chico right now yeah damn right up left
bumper right bumper left kick right
stick yeah what it worked I thought it
would work Daddy but we gotta get out of
here because I think my wanted level's
back up what I forgot to lock the stupid
jail cell hopefully it didn't break out
what
oh man wow dang that mission was really
hard I'm done playing this game for a
while Chevy you're not playing a video
game this is real life you really just
escaped jail I know Danny the graphics
are really realistic no Jimmy you're a
wanted criminal freeze I thought you
could just break out of jail and then
come back home what a rookie mistake
well back to jail you go Bruno officer
is there anyway I can just talk to you
for a second I'm listening all right
listen Jeffy did not know he was
committing those crimes he thinks he's
playing a video game that doesn't really
seem like a good enough excuse for
killing my partner shooting at me with a
tank and running over a kid with a
stolen car I don't care what kind of
schizophrenic episode he had so there's
nothing I can do no there's nothing you
can do who's that Grand Theft Auto 6
yeah how did you get it it's not even
out yet well my friends friends dad's
dad works at rockstar no he doesn't get
out of here Cody oh man I would do
anything just to play it wait I got an
idea what if we give you Grand Theft
Auto 6 and you let Jeffy go
well the judge already thinks jeffy's in
jail and I'm the only prison guard so I
guess Jeff you could just disappear yeah
you know what you have a deal all right
Jeffy you got lucky this time did you
learn your lesson I don't even know what
I did wrong I was just playing a video
game okay yeah see this is obviously
Just Call of Duty and then somebody
wrote GTA 6 on the bottom and Sharpie
well we already made the deal no
backseats damn it oh you guys got me
with the no backsies okay you guys win
this time these little rascals
supposed to go out the oh
I'm sorry
[Music]