doctor doctor doctor we need you in the
emergency room what is it nurse oh God
warn me next time ew we have a burn
victim from a three-story apartment fire
let me guess he was on the third story
yes he completely got off fire jumped
out the window and look he landed on his
fingers yeah you never want to land
fingers first that's how you break your
fingers I was trying to catch myself
yeah I can see that so buddy how much
pain are you in a lot H well that's not
helpful nurse get the Wong Baker Pain
Scale all right I got it now sir which
of these faces represents your pain uh
the crying one well I don't see you
crying so you're lying sir his tear
ducts burnt off in the fire oh okay well
I think we should probably do a skin
graft oh I already got
one no nurse not a skin pie chart a skin
graft oh
okay no not a skin bar graph a skin
graft um let me
look no not a skin graph a skin graft
well I don't know what that is well it's
where you take new skin and you graft it
onto his body ew look just go into the
skin and get some new skin all right uh
sir what color would you like uh White
everybody always picks white even
Michael Jackson picked white I'll go
look uh what's wrong with your head what
my head yeah you're bald well I am
losing a little bit of hair no on the
back it's really bad well I do have a
bald spot yeah haha bald well you're a
bald too yeah but I had hair before the
fire I'd rather look like this than look
like you
baldy sir all we have is
black Marvin let's watch a movie well
what movie do you want to watch I don't
know well you're the one who wants to
watch a movie you got to pick hey Daddy
what do you want Jeffy H I got your
mustache Jeffy give me my mustache back
no haha short give it back Jeffy all
right Dad here you
go Marvin it looks like you have a uni
all right everyone shut
up there's someone at the door let me
fix my mustache and answer it hello hold
on let me just finish up this
text
okay what's wrong buddy somebody made
fun of me it hurt my
feelings well like you were just texting
so it seems like I'm so sad seems like
you're crying for attention no I'm
crying CU my feelings got hurt well come
on and explain about
okay a why is he crying someone hurt his
feelings his name was Curtis Curtis hurt
his feelings well his name was Curtis
fertis Curtis fertis hurt his feelings
well that wasn't very nice of Curtis
fertis what did Curtis fertis say to you
well Curtis fertis was a burn victim and
he came into the ER and he made fun of
me for being bald you're not bald I'm a
little
bald my eyes my
eyes okay you're really not that bald
well there's all kinds of mean things I
could have said to the burn victim like
you look like Anakin Skywalker after he
lost his fight or you look like Deadpool
without his masger you look like Paul
Walker after the car accident but I
didn't say those things I was the bigger
man and I ran away crying well I think
you should just not deal with that Pati
anymore well I just came here to ask you
how you live with being ugly and bald
I'm not bald you're kind of bald I have
hair on the sides of my head Marvin if
you stood outside in direct sunlight you
could blind someone but I am not bought
I have hair Marvin sometimes at night I
pretend you're Dr Phil so I can get off
I get that what Dr Phil is a very fine
man when he said it doesn't matter how
much you flatten a pancake it still has
two sides that made me want to have sex
with them I do not look like Dr Phil I
know because if you did I'd want to have
sex with you all let's get back on track
you are not that bald I know I just wish
I looked as good as I did in high school
I had so much hair I was so hot oh
things I do to my high school self I I
mean I wouldn't do anything with my high
school self cuz he's in high school and
that would be illegal and
chronologically impossible but if I was
back in high school with me when I was
in high school I would probably still
bang my sexed teacher Miss thickums she
was in the last video you should check
that out and the new gaming channel
we're doing that now anyway I want hair
well why don't you just do a hair
transplant well I I would have to do it
myself because I'm the only doctor in
town so I'd have to do it like I did my
own vasectomy and let me tell you it is
a bit of a mess now down there whenever
I pee my balls fill up like water
balloons that's not normal no it's not I
really got to get back in there and
figure that out well why don't you just
go to a makeover person and get a
makeover well I don't know any makeover
ogists do you well Chef peipe has a gay
cousin ooh did you say gay and cousin
and Chef peee and has yeah I can go ask
Chef peee if his C we'll give you a
makeover okay do it all right who the G
who the p g hey Chef peipe oh what's up
Marvin you want some instant grits I
made them from scratch no I don't really
want grits and I don't think that's how
you make them I know how to make grits
I'm making them for Scratch this is
exactly how you make it in a pan look I
feel like a southern black lady in the
kitchen come get you some grits go get
you that bowl over there get some grits
I know you looking skinny as hell no I I
don't want any grits listen don't you
have a gay cousin who's like a hair
stylist oh oh yeah I know who you're
talking about Gay Tony Gay Tony yeah
that's his name he's gay and his name is
Tony he told us to call him that well
can you call him over cuz I have a
friend that wants a complete makeover oh
yeah he would love to give your friend a
makeover [ __ ] I need a makeover myself
I'm looking dingy as hell look at my
outfit God damn well why don't you just
call Gay Tony over cuz we really need
him yeah I'll call him over but I'm
going warn you stay five steps away from
him he likes to kiss all over you all
right hold still all right Chef peipi
called his cousin and he's on his way
over look Marvin I'm fixing it is she
Marvin or is she lying uh it doesn't
look good at all oh you [ __ ] oh why
okay hold on listen the hair stylist is
on his way make oologist yeah that that
must be him you just stay right here
hello oh my God you must be
morvin you must be gay Tony what gave it
away my appetite forus excuse me my bad
had a cough in my throat you little
silly goose man you look so handsome
cute oh give me a kiss we just met I
don't want to give you a kiss listen I
need you here for a makeover for my
friend oh I can't wait to do that
makeover I love doing makeovers I wish
you were the makeover though I'm not I'm
not but he's upstairs come on oh my God
I can't wait Gay Tony's here oh my my
God I'm so happy to meet all of you oh I
love your necklace oh my God thanks
sleigh Queen no
AIS girl let me tell you about today the
hottest guy walked into my salon I'm
talking about a dream boat a real man
and he needed to use the bathroom and
I'm like sir the bathroom is open for
business piss on my face already he just
kissed me I love that for you I love it
for me too now where is that makeover
he's right there oh my God is that
doctor house oh my God he's a real
doctor right doctor yeah oh my God Mr
money bags I can't wait till after this
makeover I might have to do him no thank
you I'm good my hair's just a little
patchy oo I love me a red head it's
something fiery about them like a fire
under my bottom like my herpes oh I just
recently had an outbreak he kissed me on
my mouth oh kisses for everybody no no
I'm good it okay um what do we need for
this uh this do over oh so he needs his
hair fixed his eyes fixed you know what
I need I need a gay montage to think
this over come on let's get it started a
gay
[Music]
montage
[Music]
oh my God you look fabulous yeah I
really do I'm so tall look at my legs
Marvin oh my nuts I'm back oh my God you
have a little boo boo let me kiss it let
me K no no no no no it's okay oh fine
thanks for the legs man yeah no problem
I gave you two new legs and uh I can't
wait to see the third one yeah I do wish
would have helped me out more in that
department and I still have to fix the
vasectomy situation but hey look at my
mustache Marvin it's so fuzzy like a
caterpillar and look at my hair go ahead
and touch it I know you want to it feels
like a giraffe okay well you don't know
your animals but thank you yep no
patches Marvin he's so hot what you
think he's hot yeah look how tall he is
yeah look how tall I am Marvin hey how's
the ground down there that's what tall
people say we're both standing on the
same ground yeah but I'm further away
from it so I don't know what my next
step's going to be like so I need you
tiny people to tell me we're standing on
my couch yeah that's kind of weird now
that you mention it I mean how big is
this couch I mean if this were to scale
this couch would be [ __ ] massive
really your whole house would be how
high are your ceilings that's weird
anyway back to puppet land can you make
me as hot as him no I'm busy I got a
grinder appointment with Enrique on my
spicy little chizo but uh how are you
going to pay me with money fine vinmo me
then he he didn't give me his venmo
that's okay I'm sure he'll remember
anyway I'm off to the strip club wait
you you find finally look really good
and you're going to the strip club well
yeah when you look this good you don't
have to pay to impress women well then
why would you go to a strip club those
women only want money well they're going
to want me because I'm so handsome but I
don't understand why you would go just
let me hop away why are you hopping I
haven't had legs in years I want to
hop sure move aside big spender I'm tall
and handsome oh my God yes you are
what's your name miss my name's Stardust
nice to meet you Stardust you are very
attractive I would like to have
intercourse with you for free oh my God
babe with legs like those you can have
me I have legs too yeah but you're short
I am same hype and he has a full head of
hair yeah the hair the hair yes that's
right I have hair so come on Stardust
let's blow this Popsicle stand oh my God
is your name Popsicle stand oh I like
what this is headed let's go back to my
house honey I'm home a bunny I missed
you oh my my God Bo did you get a new
suit well yeah I did but what else do
you notice did you get a tan well maybe
a little bit but that's not the main
attraction oh who's your friends she's a
stripper oh where'd you meet her at the
strip club Bo I thought you were at work
as a doctor I was and then something
happened what I got legs Karen oh my God
B where'd you get those a gay man gave
them to me and now I'm going to leave
you for her what why Bo because I'm hot
and she's hot and that's the way the
world works but party I love you I'm
sorry Karen I don't want to be with you
anymore get naked please that stupid man
steal my stripper before I get to see
TI hey there do you see a man with
orange mustache inside he's on the couch
with the
stripper perfect thank you a pow right
in the kisser oh man that was great I
didn't have to take my suit off anyway
you can leave the post-nut clarity is
starting to kick in yeah you see tit
before me hey I did more than see tit I
mooted I kill you what no no what are
you doing what are you doing to my legs
no don't cut my legs off he's cutting my
legs off you can't see it but he's
cutting them off and it hurts so bad all
right sir here are your discharge papers
thank you you sure you don't want that
skin graft uh no my legs doctor what
happened some psychopath cut off my new
legs but doctor these are Prosthetics I
know but they look so nice well you
still look
nice are stop it what are you doing I'm
sorry I'm sorry okay I just I'm hot now
I don't know the rules I feel like I can
do whatever I want I'm sorry okay just
please don't report me to HR actually
the HR lady is kind of hot no no no no
don't don't don't don't do that well no
no I'm I'm just kidding don't don't
report me my
[Applause]
legs hey guys it's Logan we officially
launched an SML gaming channel go
subscribe right now we're going to be
uploading gaming videos every single day
just like this Roblox one you see on
your screen right now so please go
subscribe to the new SML gaming channel
for new content every single day push
put click the click the forward Arrow
again I guess I promise you I'm pressing
it I'm clicking the hell out of it I
fell we're having a good time oh my God
damn what the hell oh what the [ __ ] is
happening Joseph oh we're going to get
beheaded oh my God it's Joseph that
doesn't make sense help