guys guess what day it is it's pizza
paloa oh dude you know I love pizza
poooa yeah guys I think it's so cool we
have a pizza party every weekend Oh I
know oh dude we got to go over the top
this week yeah we got to order like 10
pepperoni 10 Supreme well stop flapping
your gums and order that Z Junior okay
let me get Chef pe's credit card Chef
peipe get in here what do you want
junior can we borrow your credit card so
we can order pizza for pizza paloa what
the hell is a pizza paloa every weekend
we order pizza and have a pizza party no
the hell you don't Pizza is expensive
and we don't have the money for that
well does does Dad have the money no
your dad is out of town at a chubby
taster convention you know you love them
fat [ __ ] well well did he leave any
money behind no well then what are we
going to eat oh your fingers cuz I'm not
cooking for you huh
what no pizza Ballo a dude I'm going
home yeah screw this no guys guys guys
we're still going to order the pizza and
we're still going to have pizza paloa
but Junior we don't have any money no
money yeah they don't just give pieces
out for free dude well I was thinking oh
we got to think of a plan we can just do
something um hey everybody shut up my
favorite pizza commercials
on boy have you found me any good deals
on pizza yet not yet Captain well you
better hurry up and find me one or
you'll be walking the plank wa look
there Captain Pizza aoy y that'd be a
beautiful Pizza I just wish we could get
to that pizza faster boy we have the
fastest ship in the Seven Seas we'll get
to that pizza and Fire 5 minutes or less
or it be free what you hear that at
Speedy Pirates Pizza we'll get your
pizza to you in 5 minutes or less or
it's absolutely free yard cuz we go as
fast as a pirate ship you know pirate
ships don't actually go that fast it
just kind of depends on the wind I mean
boats are actually the slowest means of
transportation none of this really makes
any sense why are we a pirate pizza
company listen man I lost my eyeball and
my hand in the Marines it's the only
business I can start oh I I guess that
makes sense it's just Pirates aren't
really known for being fast is really my
point man I love that commercial see
it's great because it doesn't make any
sense like why are they pirates pirates
aren't fast like it would make sense if
they were race car drivers or maybe
astronauts and a rocket ship or maybe
like 911 pizza and they were cops but
Pirates doesn't make any sense guys I
just got an idea that commercial says
that if the pizza doesn't get here in 5
minutes that it's free so why don't we
order the pizza and then stop them from
getting here on time and then we get the
pizza for free and we can still have
pizza paloa dude that might work but
Junior what if the pizza does get here
on time we won't be able to pay for it
okay if it does get here on time we just
either we won't answer the door or we'll
answer it and say we didn't order that
people prank pizza places all the time
oh yeah I guess you're right the stakes
are pretty low on this one yeah so let's
order the pizza and then try to stop
from getting here let me get my phone
okay all right guys it's ringing yor
thanks for calling Speedy Pirates Pizza
where if we don't deliver your pizza in
5 minutes or less it's free and I have
to walk the plank yeah we want pizza
okay what kind of pizza make sure to
tell them are specials hold on I have to
put you on hold cuz we're hitting some
Rough Waters and I don't want to fall
overboard what I said make sure to tell
them our specials and for God's sake
read off your damn script boy okay
specials got it okay I'm back we almost
had a mutiny on board but that's over so
I'm ready to disembark on your order we
want pizza okay I got that you want
pizza you called the [ __ ] pizza place
hey what's your language lad Pirates
cuss okay not these Pirates long gone
are the days where Pirates be rated God
I hate this place that's why it's called
a sailor mouth okay what do you want
pizza yeah I know you want pizza what
kind of pizza a big one a big one a
large pizza a large pizza super large
super large are you sure you don't want
the medium large no the super large okay
well for five Delo more I can make that
a Super Ultra Mega large it's a 16in pie
instead of a 14in yeah we want that one
okay do you want some parrot wings with
that no what about some Peg Leg bread
sticks yeah I think we want bread sticks
mhm do you want that with Davey Jones's
garlic sauce no we want the mermaid
marinara okay mermaid marinara got it
well can I interest you in some of pey
pirates pickled peppers no what about
pety Pirates bucking ear of corn uh we
don't eat corn in Pizza doesn't make any
sense no I know but it's on the menu I
no we don't want that okay what about a
yoh ho ho in a bottle of Diet Pepsi no
okay well can I interest you in some
scallywag sugar cookies we just want the
pizza okay just the pizza well your
total is going to be
$27.16 de Bloon and I'll be there in 5
minutes or lesser it's free but don't
get your hopes up cuz this ship goes
fast that was that was a cruise ship
noise but pirate ships don't make that
noise pirate ships don't make any noise
they just kind of Creak ju just shut up
and deliver the food boy okay I'll be
right there Jesus oh oh oh yeah by the
way uh heav an ARG amazing a night God I
hate this [ __ ] place all right guys
the pizza's ordered okay let's start the
timer so Junior how are you going to
stop the pizza from getting here on time
time I was thinking we could call the
cops and say there's a dangerous drunk
driver with a bomb in his car going down
the road and the cops will pull him over
and that'll eat up a few minutes but
Junior that's making a false police
report that's illegal dude that's
definitely going to work thanks Joseph
let me use your phone to call the cops
Cody Junior I'm not letting you use my
phone to make a false police report I
can't use my phone Cody my phone has the
timer on it bro don't R going the plan
okay fine just block the number okay
Junior here's my phone all right it's
ringing 911 what's your emergency ah
there's a guy driving crazy and he's
drunk and he has a bomb pull over but
let him go cuz he has pizza all right I
think they're going to get him okay hope
that works God I hate this stupid
[ __ ] Pizza Pirate [ __ ] and I hit
my manager in his stupid fake ass Mr
Krabs voice and I hate this stupid Pizza
truck cuz it tracks my speed to make
sure I get there in
time God damn it you have got to be
[ __ ] kidding me I'm a cop [ __ ] I
don't have time to get pulled over I got
to deliver this pizza in 5 minutes or
less or Mr Krabs is going to suck my ass
or whatever I don't have time for this
God this is such
[ __ ] I got a call that you driving
recklessly drunk and you had a bomb
Simmons I do not have time for this oh
hey mate why are you dressed like a
pirate I picked up an extra shift at
some stupid [ __ ] Pizza Pirate Place
oh well I got a call that you're driving
recklessly drunk and you had a bomb I
wish I was drunk you know that's illegal
mik yes Simmons I'm a cop I know the law
well do you have a bomb in the car no I
don't have a bomb where would I get a
bomb I don't know but do you have one no
I do not have a bomb all I have is a
stupid pizza oh what flavor is it it
doesn't matter Simmons it's pepperoni oh
can I have a slice no I'm in a hurry oh
all right mate well one more thing
before you go you're a doctor right yes
I'm a doctor well I got this weird boil
thing on my ass I was worried that it
might be happies can you take a look at
it for me I do not have time for this oh
come on mate it'll be real quick okay
fine it looks like a skin tag oh thank
God mate all right you're free to go
guys look he got pulled over it's
actually working we just have to hope
that stalls him for about 2 and 1/2
minutes oh dude it looks like he's about
to leave though what are we going to do
junior uh well I have the this stroller
with a homeless guy in it I think we
should push it in the middle of the road
so he thinks he hit a baby junior you're
going to kill a homeless guy just for
free pizza why not just push an empty
stroller well if he hits an empty
stroller he's going to know it's empty
there has to be a body in it for it to
feel like there's a baby in it yeah you
got to make it look real dude what well
look also look the homeless guy is
sleeping he won't even know what
happened dude he's pulling off he's
pulling off push it push it push it I'm
going to have to speed to get there in
[Music]
time God damn I said God damn oh [ __ ]
did I just hit a stroller with a baby in
it oh God was that a baby oh my God okay
I'm going to jail I'm going to jail I
just killed a baby oh God please don't
be a baby please don't be a baby please
don't be a baby yes homeless guy oh God
I got so lucky okay let's get back to
delivering this pizza he's driving off
again Junior and we still have about two
more minutes to get that free pizza okay
I have another idea to stall oh my God
what the hell is
this oh it's Darth Maul's cousin Zachary
Maul he's not going to move unless I
beat him in a lightsaber duel
I better make this quick okay I hired
Zachary Maul to stop him for a
lightsaber battle oh that'll work he's a
Sith Lord listen man I don't have time
for this I got to deliver a
pizza oh no he shaved his balls for
this oh he looks like a kid that runs to
lunch look if it's a fight you want it's
a fight you'll
get oh my God I'm going to lose this is
[ __ ] hey is that Darth cidus he
looks really mad about your
buy okay let's deliver that pizza Junior
we still have like a minute and a half
okay I have one last idea to stall come
on okay I'm here and I still have about
a minute and a half left so I'm safe oh
they're paying for this
pizza okay let's get this over with hey
there big boy oh God damn isn't it a
little cold out here for you to be
wearing nothing oh my god I've always
wanted to hook up with a sexy pirate
well yeah yeah ma'am that's me do me a
favor and go ar ar oh my God that's so
hot let's get in your truck right now
and bang right now cuz I I just got to
deliver this pizza like real quick like
1 minute no it has to be right now let's
go really cuz it's it's just going to
take just like a second it's just going
to be right there and then back please I
want your peg leg let's go in your truck
well then shiver me timbers let's go yay
okay they're in the truck banging Junior
how did you get the prostitute to stall
him we don't have any money oh I told
her that if she didn't do this we'd call
the cops on her and she' get arrested oh
okay I just hope he lasts long h a h h h
h a pound right in the kisser wow that
was really quick yeah I wish I could say
it's cuz I was in a hurry but honestly
it's always like that okay well pay up
wait pay up oh that's what you are I
just thought you were really into
Pirates well it's like my dad always
used to say if it seems too good to be
true it probably is okay so pay up no
I'm a cop I could arrest you oh my god
do you have handcuffs that'd be so hot I
could go again oh I think they're going
for round two oh we got this free pizza
dud dude I'm hungry let's get it yeah
I'm I'm going to pow right in the kisser
oh my God that was even quicker than the
first time yeah yeah that happens oh
[ __ ] I only have like 10 seconds to
deliver this pizza okay well you got to
pay me I told you I'm a cop I can't do
that oh no Junior here he comes and now
he's bringing the pizza we got to stop
him I'm here I'm here open up guys he's
here Cody what's the time junior he made
it f a no pizza no pizza but we tried so
hard I'll answer the door hello hey I
got here with 1 second to spare that'll
be $27 and 16 de Bloons why do you have
pizza what do you mean we didn't order
no pizza wait really guys did we order
pizza hell no we hate pizza but pizza's
gross oh well I guess it was a prank
phone call then yeah must have been a
prank well listen guys I just busted a
nut twice and killed a homeless man so
you guys want to eat this pizza with me
yeah I'm quitting tonight anyway this
pizza looks so good and so on that
fateful night Junior Joseph Cody Jeffy
and Brooklyn guy all enjoyed the most
delicious pizza of their lives
unfortunately Brooklyn guy did contract
chlamidia from that
hooker
[Music]