so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude we should be
that'd be so fun all right Cody Truth or
Dare but why do I have to go first truth
or dare fine dare I dare you to call
your parents and say you died dude
that'll be so hilarious wait you want me
to call my parents and tell them that I
died yeah they're gonna know it's me
when they hear my voice can't you do
like a cop impression yeah kind of
what's gonna be so funny no dude I can't
wait for it okay it's ringing hello Cody
uh oh no ma'am it's not Cody it's the
police uh we found your son's phone in
the road cause he got hit by an
18-wheeler oh my God all 18 Wheels uh
yes ma'am even the spare tire fell off
and hit him is he dead I'm afraid so
ma'am yeah he was he was flattened like
a pancake oh thank God what hey Tyrone
Cody's dead we're finally
oh that the Lord Jesus our son is dead I
mean
we can finally go in that cruise yeah
baby you gonna get all the [ __ ] you
want we're gonna make another one oh I'm
so excited thank you for telling us the
good news officer
so were they sad yeah yeah they they
were very sad and they were crying and
it was very clear how much they loved me
oh that's so funny they cried over you
dying Who Would Imagine right all right
someone asked me someone asked me truth
or dare truth or dare dare okay I dare
you to go through all of Chef peepee's
food on the ground oh yeah I don't do
that every night yeah it's true
I hate you oh my birthday clothes
somewhere all right Cody I did it and
Chef PeePee got really mad that's funny
all right Joseph Truth or Dare uh truth
you don't want to do dare no do
um have you ever killed anyone on
accident or purpose uh on purpose yeah
what happened you only get one question
dude I don't think I want to know
anymore all right Jeffy truth or dare
dare oh dude I dare you to crash the car
into a tree but Joseph no you're not
supposed to hurt anyone don't do it no
Jeffy you see he has a helmet on it's
safe right he's not gonna do that and he
also is the only one of us that has a
car no this is a bad idea guys I'm gonna
do it and I'll show you
dear God Jeffy I really wouldn't do this
and lose your dare mama ain't raised no
[ __ ] your mom didn't raise you at all
exactly
all right mate there's one donut left I
guess we could play Rock Paper Scissors
for it well that won't work because our
hands can only do paper yeah you're
right paper paper paper wouldn't really
work how about we play I Spy and whoever
can guess what the other person's
looking at gets the donut all right I'll
go first I suppose something green is it
the grass damn it okay uh I spy
something hmm I spray something yellow
going very fast is it the sun no summons
the sun doesn't move well it kinda does
because we orbit it well no but we're
going around the Sun we're moving the
sun's not moving well what if it's from
what we see like you know how the sun
goes up and down since I already said
it's not the sun it was that car that
just drove by very very fast oh yeah
yeah so you lose and I get the donut
with the rainbow jimmies now we're still
gonna pull that guy over I'm just gonna
eat the donut while I'm driving
dispatch we have a car
that's over and this donut is delicious
what train should I run into
dispatch he's going off-road how about
that tree that's the one
holy [ __ ] uh dispatch he just crashed
into a tree stand by we might need an
ambulance let's go check on him Simmons
uh sir are you okay I won truth or dare
I wonder if Jeffy crashed that car hey
hey kids get on our couch get out of
here you bunch of goobers Marvin you
could have said please no this is our
couch we sit here hey I'm sorry I didn't
mean to interrupt you rubbing your ass
on the couch the cops what are you doing
here oh well your son Jeffy crashed his
car into a tree what
it's he's hurt
how's the car no no seriously how's the
car like is it okay oh it's total are
you sure yeah come look oh no does this
look total to you what Jeffy did this
yep oh I am so sorry officer hey that my
three look what he did my three what
this is the mayor tuna fish Terry he's
mad because your son crashed his car
into this tree
are we getting underneath the street
yeah he says he kissed his high school
sweetheart under this tree so he's mad
that your son crashed his car into it
also I think his son might have started
a forest fire a while back that burned
this tree so yeah he is suing you what
Suey yeah God damn right they're dead
you can get more tooth bit what yeah
he's suing you okay oh
yeah he's right here I put my doctor
outfit on because we're going to be
talking about doctor stuff Jeffy are you
all right well my neck is broken yeah he
has a hairline fracture and a cervical
vertebrae a lot of pain oh this right
here is like a six out of ten see this
one time I had testicular torsion where
my nuts got all tangled up and twisted
around that was a 10 out of 10. and
believe me I'm a doctor I'd know I know
how to read that little smiley face
chart so is everything going to be okay
oh it's okay now yeah they did a surgery
and get it untangled it's kind of like
when you put your headphones in your
pocket and they come out all tangled
except it's my balls not with you
it's fine it's got a neck brace on my
balls do still hurt sometimes though
well as long as everything's okay with
Jeffy well
for hitting the mayor's favorite tree
with his car oh it's the tree all right
oh I mean nothing happened to the tree
was the berries that got a little
Tangled Up on the vine but the tree is
fine I mean it does have a slight
natural curve but I looked it up and
apparently that's normal and sometimes
it's even more pleasurable for the woman
oh you guys aren't talking about my dick
you're talking about the tree that he
hit no I don't know I'm not a botanist
man don't they study robots yeah look
okay Jeffy has court today so I gotta
get ready because I'm actually the
lawyer he's going up against in the
trial so I have a lot of paperwork to do
and I have to change clothes for the
third time today oh Jeffy now I have to
get you a lawyer because you have to go
to court we can't even afford a lawyer
let's go to court let's go do it I don't
care
in Spanish I just had a Spanish language
case before this one and I haven't
adjusted yet I'll start over yeah
and today we will be hearing the case of
Jeffy versus tuna fish Terri's tree now
tuna fish Terry tell me what happened
I'll be digging on my back booty stupid
don't let go come around the corner hit
my tree I'm like yeah made me almost
feel a little bit I don't
um I I didn't understand anything he
just said I I speak Spanish but I don't
speak whatever the hell that was can we
get an interpreter please I'll translate
for you judge my client was trying to
say that he was sitting on his back
porch eating tuna fish when he saw a car
come around the corner and hit his tree
and he was so startled he almost spilled
his tuna fish I I was actually a cop
pursuing that vehicle so I can confirm
all of that is true oh I see now Jeffy
why did you crash your car in the tuna
fishery Street my frenzy now were
playing truth or dare and one of my
friends dared me to crash my car into a
tree so I ain't no [ __ ] so I did it
ow Jesus what were you saying I'm sorry
I was playing truth or dare with my
three friends and one of them dared me
to crash my car into a tree oh it was a
dare for truth or dare I see well who
dared you to crash your car into that
tree because it's their fault I mean
obviously you're going to do the Dare
you're not a [ __ ] so who dared you to
do it it was one of my friends I can't
remember which one did I see it go grab
his friends if they're not here go grab
them it's a court order just tell them
that and then bring them here uh what's
going on am I in trouble I ain't saying
nothing dude you three boys we're
playing a game of Truth or Dare and one
of you did Jeffy to crash his car into a
tree so who won it who wasn't nothing
look guys we don't tell him anything
they won't know it was Joseph look y'all
y'all are snitches haha so you were the
Dare of the Dare and the rules of Truth
are dare clearly state that the Dare of
the Dare shall not be spared but the
doer of the Dare shall be spanned of any
bodily harm or property damage they may
have incurred as a result of doing the
Dare what I'm trying to say is Jeffy is
cleared from this case but you Joseph
you knew Jeffy was going to do the Dare
when you dared him to do the Dare so
this is your fault and tuna fish Terror
should be suing you I order you to pay
tour of his Terror for the damage to
history which is whatever he says it is
it's a it's a tree I don't know it's
sentimental what I don't have any money
to pay for that judge I didn't do it I
don't want to hear it this case is Clues
boom now if you'll excuse me I will
drink my orange High scene come to me I
see
that is delicious and very high in Sea
if I were a pirate I could say on the
high seas and I wouldn't even get scurvy
because it's very high in vitamin cage
oh I hate you guys well he did make the
Dare yeah I hate you guys I don't want
to be around you leave but this is my
house Joseph well go into another room
then but this is my house Joseph oh shut
up well you did dare Jeffy to crash his
car that doesn't mean you have to snitch
on me then but you did dare Jeffy so it
was your fault
it mean you have to tell whatever Joseph
look we're still playing truth or dare
so I dare you not to be mad well how
much did tuna fish Terry want for his
tree anyway he wanted a hundred dollars
and I don't have that type of money but
a hundred dollars yeah well I have that
watch in my wallet
give to me no it's my hundred dollars
well you don't need it I want it I'm
gonna buy a new tea party set hey Cody I
dare you to give Joseph a hundred
dollars no it's not worth it I double
dog dare you to give Joseph a hundred
dollars no I don't care I triple dog
dude to give Joseph a hundred dollars
[ __ ]
[Music]
thank you