all right Jeffy it's time to eat your
green beans green beans Daddy I don't
like green beans I know Jeffy but you
have to eat them no baby can you help me
feed them okay Marvin Jeffy just open
your mouth open your mouth for the green
beans I don't know how to open my mouth
Jeffy you're opening your mouth right
now baby say something to him Jeffy
please eat your green beans a okay Mommy
a wait really wait Jeffy you have to eat
your green bead hold on Daddy one second
where you going I don't know what's he
doing read it Daddy where'd you get that
at Jeffy I know Jeffy you have to eat
your great be oh no Marvin
look breaking news world-renowned
painter jacqu Pierre franois has died he
reportedly fell off a bridge and landed
on a canvas and with his last dying
breath he named the painting The as his
body hit the canvas the painting sold
for $200 million and is currently
hanging up in my living room he leaves
behind his million dooll Fortune to his
only son who is unknown at this time oh
Marvin that's so sad well I don't know
who he is what' he do he was a famous
painter he got famous for putting paint
in his nose and sneezing it on the
canvas he got famous for sneezing on a
canvas yeah it's genius um daddy I
finished all my green beans you finished
all your green beans yep what are you
sure you didn't dump them behind the
couch nope I'm going to go check all
right go check Mommy I lied Daddy's
going to be mad oh Jeffy Jeffy you lied
they're all behind the couch no those
aren't my green beans what Jeffy then
who are they I don't even know tell the
truth Jeffy oh okay mommy um oh I rub my
PP all over that remote control e well
that's it Jeffy you are grounded you're
going stand in the
corner my phone's ringing all I'm going
to answer the phone and then you're go
stand in the corner what's your corner
uh hello hey is this Marvin uh yeah
who's this this is the police I mean uh
no no this isn't Marvin oh this the maid
I clean his house okay first of all that
was racist and second what what accent
was that supposed to be was it like
Chinese or something I was going for
like Hispanic oh no no you got to work
on that okay look you know it's me what
do you want oh yeah we got a woman here
who filed a missing person's report she
says she's looking for her son she like
dropped him off at some random place a
long time ago but she says he wears like
a blue helmet and a yellow
shirt that's Jeffy that's Jeffy yeah you
consider her here wait wait wait I'm
sorry did you say Jeffy yes Jeffy oh no
no I'm sorry I must have called the
wrong person I I'm looking for Jerry
Jerry yeah I have Jerry written down I
think it's Jerry but no it's Jeffy you
describe Jeffy perfectly I have her son
tell her to come pick up pick him up he
is right at my house like come to my
house right now okay I'll send her over
but if she's disappointed cuz Jerry's
not there it's Jeffy send her to my
house I have him I have him I have Jeffy
okay I'll send her oh my God oh my God
the happiest day of my life all right
Jeffy when Marvin gets back you're going
to apologize for dumping green beans
behind the couch okay mommy baby baby
baby it's the greatest news I've ever
heard Marvin wait before you say
anything anything else there's something
Jeffy needs to tell you what M daddy
you're bald that's what he had to tell
me no Jeffy say the other thing okay
Daddy do you know how to spell hippo
what h i p p oh yeah harder daddy oh you
know what I don't really even care look
the cops just called what the cops yeah
and they said that jeffy's real mom is
looking for him and she's coming to get
him right now so no more Jeffy no no no
more Jeffy no more Mommy and dad nope
NOP no more Mommy and Daddy you get to
be free I get to be free oh not again
Marvin when is she going to get here I
don't know the sooner the better right
so so I think we should get Jeffy ready
and we should go wait by the front door
so when she gets here we can just drop
him off and just say bye forever come on
let's
go all right Jeffy any minute now your
real mom's coming to get you and I never
have to see you ever again mommy I don't
want to go I don't want you to go either
Jeffy well Jeffy don't call her mom
anymore she's not your mommy anymore
your real mommy's coming to get you we
never have to see him ever again
that must be her all right Jeffy look
stand up straight stand up straight
stand up stand up straight Jeffy look
look good come on come on all right guys
the moment we've Jeffy stop crying all
right guys the moment we've all been
waiting
for
hello Jeffy is that you come to Mommy
sweetie you're jeffy's mom yes I am
thank you so much for taking care of him
I it's so worri I'm Nancy by the
way oh sorry I'm a little sick and I
think I'm also a little bit pregnant oh
can I come in I have to meet the people
who've been taking care of my baby no
daddy no oh thank God my Jeffy is safe
my poor baby yeah jeffy's 100% safe hey
do you have coffee or maybe something
with alcohol in it alcohol aren't you
pregnant I don't even know hey I'll spit
on you for a dollar spit on me for a
dollar no I I didn't say yes oh my God
take me to a hospital take me to a
hospital look look you can take Jeffy I
just I have one question before you go
okay why did you drop him off a year ago
oh I needed somebody to babysitter while
I was at the grocery store it took you a
year to go to the grocery store it was
very hard to find well that that sounds
like a good story to me all right Jeffy
go with her no daddy that's not what
happened Jeffy stop talking crazy close
your mouth before I smack it wait wait
Jeffy what really happened all right
mommy did here what
happened all right we're here where we
at Mommy see I don't want to be your
mommy no more so you're going to find a
new mommy and daddy a new Mommy and
Daddy yeah you're going to go over to
those apartments and you're going to
knock on every door until somebody
answers and then whoever answers is
going to be a new mommy and daddy no but
I don't want a new Mommy and Daddy I
want to live with you I love you Mommy I
don't love you you're ugly and you're
stupid and you waste my time so go get
out of
here can I show him my pel yeah sure
whatever you want just go but mommy what
if I forget my name oh Jesus Christ all
right all right let me write it and
there you go your name's on your shirt
says Jeffy Jeffy yeah so if you forget
your name just look at your shirt okay
now get out of here well what if they
don't want to be my new mommy and dad uh
um all right all right putting this note
on your shirt there you go why is it not
say mommy it says you're a good boy now
get out of here it says I'm a good boy
yeah no go go h by Mommy leave God glad
to be rid of
him bye Mommy
[Music]
how was your day at work boy oh it
sucked it was such a long
day who is that you expecting someone no
I'm not going to answer it it's probably
like a candy salesman we don't want any
candy no one answered
[Music]
huh who's at the door oh they probably
woke me up for my dream hello hey you
want to see my pencil wait your pencil
wait who are you what are what are you
doing here oh my name is Jeffy she Shing
on my shirt
Jeffy and that's what really happened JY
told you
about get you away shees smokes mommy
sure does love us smokes Jeffy you have
to go with your mom now Daddy please
don't make me go with old mommy she hits
me and she calls me bad names but she's
your real mom Jeffy I don't think she
takes care of him but but that's his
real mom oh yeah that's the spot right
there oh I wonder what that smells like
oh oh yeah that is that is two months a
no shower right there oh you want to
whiff no I don't want to whiff all right
come on Jeffy we got to go get some
money I I I mean go home no I don't want
to go with you old mom Jeffy you got to
go with her come on please please Daddy
come on Jeffy you being a bad boy mom
needs to get paid Daddy Daddy I'm sorry
Daddy I'm sorry about the green Beach I
won't Bove my pants
[Music]
anymore Daddy
Dad well he's gone now Marvin I can't
believe you let that terrible woman take
Jeffy away well look he's not a
responsibility anymore that's his real
mom and I don't care about him Marvin
she beats him good what I'm leaving all
right fine leave I don't care about you
leave fine fine leave bye fine come here
Jeff coming home with Mommy now I don't
want to go with you old Mommy I don't
like you Jeffy how dare you say that to
your own mother I gave birth to you in a
pter party now listen here you little
 your mommy's lottery ticket now
okay see your daddy was a famous painter
and he died and he left you millions of
dollars so now whenever you're 18 that
money's going to be mine and you can
live with whoever the hell do you want I
don't want to live with you Mommy I
don't like you you're going to live with
Mommy and you're going to like it okay
all right now now shut up this is a
stolen C I don't want to attract any
more attention Okay jeffy's gone forever
and that's all that matters it's just me
myself and I I finally get some peace
and quiet and I I finally get to relax
that's all I care about I just I just
want to
relax Jeffy oh hey yeah God what are you
doing here oh yeah I saw you were having
a moment I I thought I'd cheer you up
with this piano I I saw everything that
happened oh am I a bad person yeah yeah
you suck well listen I just want some
piece of quiet so can you leave okay
stupid cat piano Jeffy would always
annoy me with this thing I just I just
want some peace and
quiet I'm hungry what did you just say
I'm hungry what did I tell you about
being hungry you wait till next week
when the check comes in you've been a
bad boy you don't get to eat this week
a huh this is kind of fun but no I don't
want to hear it it's stupid and it's
annoying and it's dumb and I don't want
to hear it anymore I just want peace and
quiet I don't want to hear that dumb
stupid piano that Jeffy used to play no
I I don't care about it I just I just
want to sit here by myself in the in the
quiet no no no
no- no no no no
mm- oh great now it's raining
[Music]
oh what Jeffy what oh my
baby Jeffy Jeffy get back
here um maybe maybe I can watch some TV
no no no no I I just want to be quiet
just just nice and
quiet just sit
here by
myself who's
that that's probably Rose
hello Daddy can I please live with you
what Jeffy where didd you come from
how'd you get here I jumped out of
mommy's car cuz she was hitting me and
said I couldn't eat for a week well good
oh no Dave please Dave please I'm sorry
let me live with you no Jeffrey you
remember that time you locked me out of
my house yeah well check this out I just
locked you out it's payback I'm sorry
Daddy I just really want to live with
you I'm so hungry and I haven't eaten
all day well who's fault is that I tried
to feed your green beans you threw them
behind the couch I'm sorry Daddy I'll
eat all the green beans ever I don't
want to hear it Jeffy just go live with
your mom please just please let me live
with you it's cold out here and old
mommy hits me and calls me mean names
please Daddy I only want to live with
you please please Daddy all right Jeffy
I'll let you come inside for 10 minutes
until your mom comes back really Daddy
yeah but only until your mom comes back
okay okay thanks Daddy oh all right
Jeffy you're going to sit right here
until your mom comes back to get you um
Daddy what were you doing with my cat
piano oh uh I accidentally stepped on it
when it was on the ground so I put it up
here so I wouldn't accidentally step on
it
again were you playing my cat piano D no
no I would never play this stupid dumb
annoying cat piano it's childish and
annoying and it's really loud and I love
the peace and quiet so I I want it to be
quiet you're not going to play it no dy
I don't want to annoy you well good well
good I I wouldn't want you to play this
anyway it's dumb and annoying and makes
a lot of noise and I like I like the
peace and quiet so that would be dumb if
you played
it I mean I guess if you want to play it
you can play you're going let me play My
C just this once just because it's it's
really quiet and my ears are ringing
it's making me have a panic attack so
just just just play it a little bit just
a little bit oh thanks
dadd who's that
it might be your mom oh no Daddy please
don't tell her I'm here oh my God oh my
God oh my God oh my God oh my God hello
is Jeffy here uh what's going on I was
at McDonald's getting Jeffy a Happy Meal
and then he said he had to go to the
bathroom and then he ran away is that
what happened yeah yeah is Jeffy here uh
well uh is he here or not uh uh let me
let
me uh well let me let me just look
around and see if he's here okay please
hurry just give me a second please F
to please don't make me go with her
Daddy please but but that's your mom
Jeffy but she hits me Dad please just
let me make a phone call real quick all
right Jeffy I made a phone call you're
not going to make me go back with her
are you daddy Jeffy just go sit on the
couch we'll talk about it in a minute
okay
Daddy hello did you find Jeffy uh yeah I
found him oh thank God let me give you a
hug no no no no I don't I don't I don't
need I don't need a hug look he he's
just in the couch in the living room so
so so come inside oh thank you all right
jeffy's in here oh Jeffy my baby oh
please don't hit me please oh Mommy
would never hit you sweetie I love you
hey do you think you could give me and
Jeffy a minute alone I need to give him
some kisses no Daddy please don't leave
me alone with her please I'll be right
back Jeffy no Jeffy get over here Jeffy
come here Jeffy why you run away from me
never away you know your
mom I told you never to run away Jeffy
you going to go with home me now Jeffy
Jeffy what's going on
[Music]
here all right ma'am you're under arrest
for child abuse she also spit on me ew
wait wait wait wait wait I got to go see
my Jeffy he's going to make me Millions
hold on I'll be right back her Millions
what what is she talking
about daddy is old mommy going to go to
jail I don't know yet Jeffy well she's
being charged with child abuse spitting
on you and a whole bunch of other stuff
yes great so what happens to Jeffy now
well what this means for you is since I
know he's not your kid you don't have to
take care of him anymore I don't no no
you could send him to foster care I mean
you could adopt him if you want to uh
well I I think foster care would be best
I mean I Liv with Jeffy for a year and
it just it just didn't work out really
you don't have any good memor living
with him good memories with Jeffrey no
but wow wow that was really fast yeah I
just I think foster care would be best
Dy please let me live with you I promise
I'll be the bestest boy ever I just I
just what are we doing hold on I
just please Daddy
please I what what was that
my you're going to have to speak up I
can't hear
you mhm I'm sorry give me that one more
time I guess I'll adopt him oh okay
you'll adopt him great okay well now
that you're his legal guardian I can
show you this piece of paper I found in
his mom's purse wait wait wait a minute
I think I have the second half of this
well go get it what are you waiting
for all right what's it say if lost
please contact his father his father is
jacqu Pierre franois who's that the Jac
Pierre Francois who is that he's Jac
Pierre franois who is that he's ja
Pierre franois who is that
he's Jac Pier Fran who is that he's a
famous painter and he died earlier today
he died yeah he left millions of dollars
to his unknown son which I guess is
Jeffy I'm rich AF so jeffy's a
millionaire yeah well I mean he can't
get the money until he's 18 but you know
wa so so when Jeffy turns 18 he gets
millions of dollars yeah well well well
just just for the record I I adopted
Jeffy before I ever knew he was rich
right yeah you were thinking of about
sending him to a fosta home oh no no no
I never thought about that when's he
turn 18 well according to this he's 12
right now so so just 6 years and Jeffy
gets millions of dollars yeah easy okay
I mean but like I just want you to know
Jeffy I adopted you before I knew you
were worth millions of dollars good yeah
yeah so I want everyone I want everyone
to know that I'm a good person right
yeah yeah we know okay all right well
thank you so much officer all right
thanks all right bye all right Jeffy are
you ready to spend our first night
together as a real family yeah Daddy
come on let's
go Marvin I think it's so sweet that you
decided to adopt Jeffy what I think it's
sweet you decided to adopt Jeffy yeah I
think I did the right thing Marvin
aren't you going to tell him to stop no
not this time this one's for me
[Music]
[Music]