[Music]
hey Daddy me and my friends are going to
go swimming Oh no you're not Jeffy
you're grounded what why you know you're
supposed to ask permission before you
invite friends over to the house well
actually this is my house too and Cody
was already over here well you know
you're supposed to ask permission before
you go swimming I'm 19 years old well
this is my house and I make the rules so
you have to listen to me well actually
this is my dad's house too well I share
the rules with his dad but you have to
listen to my rules so listen to mine and
mine is that you can't go swimming right
now Marvin come on it's summer vacation
well he in summer school he's dumb he
needs to be punished by not doing fun
stuff Marvin everyone deserves a break
not Jeffy Jeffy go practice your
alphabet in the room alphabet he's 19 I
know my alphabet dad what about the
Korean alphabet why the would I need to
know that maybe because one day we might
need to go there to learn it so can I go
swimming or not no this house is a
 prison on planet in the
Galaxy this sucks camel you're not
allowed to watch TV anymore cuz you
learn bad words
ass I hate my daddy he won't let me go
swimming it's okay Jeffy me and Cody
already got dressed yeah we don't need
to go swimming I just wish that the
worst thing ever would happen to my dadd
like he broke his back yeah well just
don't step on a crack why well because
if you step on a crack you break your
mama's back why well I don't know that's
just the saying he doesn't want to hurt
his mom he wants to hurt his dad well
that's why I said don't do that so what
do you step on to break your dad's back
well if he stepped on his back that
would break his back well I don't want
him to know that it was me oh I got an
idea what if you put an UNO reverse card
on the crack and then you stepped on it
but wouldn't that just break jeffy's
back oh no no no no it would break his
dad's back cuz see look the the Uno
reverse card it does the opposite of
what it's supposed to do it reverses it
so the opposite of mom is Dad oh oh that
makes sense I've decided that makes
sense in this context that makes sense I
we should do it does anyone have an UNO
reverse card right here wait why do you
have one Cody well I was getting a
prostate exam and then before the doctor
did it I threw that down and said give
me that butt and then he did he gave me
his butt oh well yeah those things are
powerful all right let's go put on a
crack Marvin I think that was very rude
you wouldn't let Jeffy go swimming with
his friends well he needs to learn how
to ask for permission Marvin go on
ground him no he's staying grounded okay
fine Marvin then we're not going to do
anything for a whole month what do you
mean not do anything you know what I
mean Marvin got it that Marvin stop it
you're being over dramatic Marvin stop
okay fine we'll do stuff okay good oh
guys guys there's a good crack right
here oh I'm going to step on it wait
hold on you don't want to break your
mama's back I have to put the Uno
reverse card on it first there you go
now you can step on it oh step on it I'm
going to stomp on
it Mar knock it off I told you we could
do so my back my back hurts what's going
on I think I think I think that's
enough stop we can do whatever you want
okay any
position your shoe came off I know all
right let's go let's go check on your
dad all right hopefully he's dead oh
call it
okay hey there somebody call a doctor
what's wrong doctor well some kid stuck
his finger in my ass he had an UNO
reverse card it was a whole thing what's
wrong with him oh well you see I
threatened Marvin with not doing
anything with him for a whole month and
he started riding around like this wait
what do you mean not doing anything with
him you know anything oh well you can't
take water away from a fish fish need
water well I took it back but he's still
throwing a fit well maybe he wants butt
stuff that's fine Marvin just cut it out
wait that actually works hold on I got
to go try that with my wife hey Karen
can we do butt stuff ew B no ooh ooh e
bie what are you doing I'm in so much
pain B what is this ow butt stuff I need
it what no B cut it out so it's not
going to work no bo okay it didn't work
Marvin you better get up and get that
butt my back wait your back my back
hurts well did he do anything to hurt
his back no we were just sitting here
well you didn't get on top of him did
you no we were just sitting here on the
couch huh it seems like a pretty comfy
couch I don't see what could have o oh
too damn comfy may we need to test this
out doctor no hold on I'm just I'm just
thinking I think maybe I just need to
lay here with my eyes closed well I
think on my left side yeah that's
nice doctor huh how long was I asleep I
I mean thinking well what about Marvin
oh yeah his back well I mean I guess I
could take an edible and lay back down
what I I mean take an X-ray of his back
I I'll go get an x-ray
hey there I totally did not just take an
edible out in my car and I have Marvin's
x-ray what is that it's an x on a
stingray an x-ray this thing killed
Steve Irwin you Stingray wait what
does that have to do with Marvin's back
nothing it's a joke okay well did you
get an X-ray of his back well I got an
x-ray yeah here you go what is that it's
a fractured spine wait Marvin broke his
back uhhuh well how did he do that
sitting on the couch well you see when
they were making Alvin and the Chipmunks
of The Squeakquel Napoleon bonapart
great great nephew Kevin bonapart
actually visited the set on two
nonconsecutive days because he was such
a big fan of the first movie What I have
no idea look it up what are we
going to do about Marvin oh yeah hey
your back's broken buddy what are we
going to do for the pain it hurts so bad
well I got two options for you I can
either give you this shot that will
instantly fix your back and take away
all the pain or I can give you this pill
that will add 1 in to the length the
your wiener but you can't do both you
got to pick one oh my B it's okay Marvin
it'll be worth it yeah man I don't blame
you I would have picked the same thing
anyway I'm going to go drive wait wait
wait is there anything Marvin shouldn't
do yeah meth no is there anything Marvin
should avoid doing well I mean obviously
meth but other than that I also wouldn't
pick up strangers in the road cuz they
might offer you meth no I mean is there
anything Marvin shouldn't do so he
doesn't hurt his back worse oh yeah tons
of things I mean you know don't go
skydiving without a parachute don't walk
on the the train tracks with headphones
on I mean if we list them all I'm going
to be here all day just just go okay go
oh baby I don't understand how I broke
my back just sitting on the couch well
maybe you messed up your back flopping
around when you're were throwing a fit
oh yeah I was moving around a lot hey
Daddy oh my back what's wrong with you I
broke my back Jeffy and how' you do that
I was just sitting here and it randomly
broke oh sounds like you deserved it
Jeffy for being a Jeffy you
wouldn't let me go swimming Jeffy you're
talking like you you're the reason that
this happened Marvin that's impossible
Jeffy wasn't even in the room when it
happened it was just you and me sitting
on the couch yeah I was y tried stepping
on all the cracks Jeffy that doesn't
make sense it's step on a crack and
break your mother's back and my back is
fine well I have cheat codes Jeffy since
I broke my back you're going to have to
do a lot more work around the house like
I'm talking you're going to have to do
the dishes you're going to have to take
out the trash you're going to have to
scrub the floors you're going to have to
scrub the bathrooms you're going to have
to deep clean all of that he's high as
 if he thinks I'm going to do any of
those chores I got to figure out a way
to get my daddy's back not to be broken
anymore y going to have to trim the
hedges and you're also going to have to
go and mow the lawn all right daddy well
I'm going to get started on all that you
just sit right there and
relax okay draw four Junior I'm not
drawing four you have to no I don't feel
like holding four more cards those are
the rules you have to draw four no I'm
skipping do you have a skip card no well
okay Junior if you're not going to play
the game I'm quitting hey guys my D's
back really is broken well that's what
you wanted why are you sad well because
now that my daddy's back is broken he's
making me do more chours around the
house yeah people with Broken Backs are
a burden to society they always whine
and want you to do stuff for him and you
got what you wanted his your dad's bra's
broken well is there any way that we can
reverse it and take his pain away no we
already used a reverse card today wait
Junior I just realized why did it break
his adoptive dad's back shouldn't it
have been his real dad's back well see
that's his stepdad and he stepped on a
crack so he broke his stepdad's back
well no that's not his stepdad that's
his adoptive father he legally adopted
him that's his dad well maybe the card
goes by the law it doesn't go off your
bologal of dad junior did you just try
to say biological that's what I yeah
that's what I said no you said bologal
that's not a word you knew what I was
trying to say so why are you bring that
up and doing that you're embarrassing me
I feel like you gave up saying it at the
end because you knew I was going to say
it right and you just wanted to say well
we all know what I was trying to say so
why you making a big deal now it's
really embarrassing well I just I was
just trying to make sure you knew the
right word listen it it did the right
Dad watch the problem okay well
I'm sorry Jeffy what was your question
well is there a way that we can reverse
my daddy's pain so I don't have to do
chores all over the house well we can't
reverse it but oh a skip card yeah I
have a skip card you could just skip the
pain you know okay well I guess I'll try
that yeah go put on his back it'll skip
the pain I cannot believe you did that
in front of him what that was just that
was embarrass why would you who does
that you said the wrong who I know I
said the wrong word I I don't you think
I already knew that I don't know what
that saying okay I know the big word and
you're going to embarrass me in front of
him like that cuz now he's going to
think I don't know what the words that
I'm saying he's not going to think that
no I God ow hey there what happened to
you well I was driving high as and
I saw Winnie the Pooh in the road so I
swerved not to hit him and then I
crashed into a tree and I think I messed
my neck up pretty bad luckily I'm a
doctor so I already had a neck brace oh
well it looks like we're both going to
be recovering from major injuries I just
wish I had a way to skip all this pain
hey Daddy I got a way to fix your back
so you won't be in pain anymore yeah
whatever shut up Jeffy you're just lying
no D look it's an UNO skip card that's
just a card from a stupid card game it's
not going to do anything for my back yes
it will let give me that what do you
mean well look if you put that card on
your injury it'll skip the healing
process and all the pain and it'll be
all better well give me that give me
that card give me that card give I want
it I want the card Marvin I have a lot
of jobs I need to be able to work I need
to get that card well I want my back
pain fixed Marvin you just sit on your
ass all day this injury is perfect for
you I need the card no I need it give me
it Jeffy okay Marvin I'll make you a
deal look if you let me have that skip
card I'll give you this draw four Wild
Card it'll add 4 in to your wiener and
you can make it whatever color you want
but it will also make the pain you're
feeling four times worse oh my God the
pain it's four times worse oh Marvin I
promise it'll be worth it I just don't
know why you picked the color green
[Music]
m