hey baby did you see the tiger what
there's a tiger right there you guys see
the tiger right what are you smoking
Daddy what there a Tony the Tiger was
right there lay off the LSD I didn't't
see anything did you see it the Frosted
Flakes dude yeah the Frosted Flakes the
tiger he was right there and he was
what come on Jeffy you saw it I didn't
see
anything Jeff yeah I'm okay Jeffy go do
something productive go take out the
trash all right Daddy come on you're
trash take actually take out the trash
all right Bud do that you'll do
something do something I'm losing my
[Music]
mind I found some lunch
McDonald's
yummy old stinky trash bag dick smells
like [ __ ] and [ __ ]
Kobe [ __ ] well the trash man can get it
that's what he gets paid to do oh what's
this a stinky jacket I bet look cool as
tits wearing this cheeseburger
yummy that was yummy wait where my
jacket go hey stinky me yeah you I don't
mind you eating trash out of the trash
can but you don't have to throw trash
bags out in the middle of the road it
makes my job harder and I know you don't
know what that's like but I don't
appreciate it it wasn't me and you got
me on the go it wasn't me and you got me
on the Do It Wasn't Me Shaggy yeah right
but go Sho scram get out of
here baby did you fart no Morphin girls
don't do that well I smell fart [ __ ] and
piss right here Jeffy did you take out
the trash your feeo skills are no match
for the power of the dark
side where didd you get this stupid
jacket from it smells like ass I found
it in the trash ew Jeffy take that off
you need to get rid of it yeah Jeffy you
need to wash it it stinks well my
[ __ ] stinks and I don't wash that
you're supposed to wash it well let me
tell you this Danny if I take a bar of
soap and I stick it between my ass and
then I rub my body with it I'm just
rubbing my own Ash all over my body and
I don't want to do that well wash your
butt last well then check this out the
next time I go take a shower I'm going
to have to grab that bar of soap that
was in my ass the last time I took a
shower and I'm still rubbing ass all
over my body okay have a bar of soap
just for ass I don't know je it's so
stupid listen just take the jacket off
cuz it smells bad you're making the room
stink and if you're not going to take it
off go to another room okay I guess I'll
just go to another room I can tell what
I'm not
wanted oh my god do do you do you rub
your ass
with the soap and then your body I don't
feel comfortable having that
conversation with you how are you
supposed to wash your ass now
washcloth okay guys are you ready for
the ultimate trick shot you're going to
shoot the basketball into the ceiling
fan it's going to bounce off the blade
bounce off the wall and then go into the
hoop sounds pretty tough Junior sounds
impossible dude it sounds impossible
we're going to get on the first try
Junior what the hell are you guys doing
up here we're trying for the ultimate
trick shot shf we're trying to be like d
perfect we're going to shoot the
basketball into the ceiling fan going to
bounce up the blade bounce up the wall
and go into the hoop no the hell you're
not your dumb ass is going to break
something in a second off the chances of
you actually making it is impossible
possible you know what if you actually
make it I'll buy you dumb asses some
pizza you buy us some pizza sounds
pretty cheesy Junior sounds really
cheesy what does that smell that be me
what are you guys doing um we're trying
the ultimate trick shot Jeffy we're
trying to shoot this basketball into the
ceiling F it's got to bounce out the
blade bounce out the wall and then go
into the hoop and if we get on the first
try shf will buy us some pizza oh give
me [ __ ]
it no way he [ __ ] did it he [ __ ]
get it suck tiing order pizza yeah what
that pizza no way in [ __ ] hell you
know what fine I ordered the damn pizza
he actually did it Jeffy how did you
make that show the first try probably my
stinky jacket oh it smells like ass yeah
oh man Jeffy I cannot believe you got on
the first try I'll never get over that
yeah yeah yeah well I ordered you one
single pepperoni pizza no cheese sticks
no no damn cheese sticks I didn't say I
was ordering cheese sticks well what
kind of pizza party doesn't have cheese
sticks you need cheese sticks it's not a
freaking pizza party I told you I was
only ordering pizza okay so only Pizza
here's the $20 for when the pizza man
gets here open the damn door for when he
gets here oh my God one pepperoni pizza
that's so lame I know right that must be
him come on guys let's answer the door
hello hey there I got four pizzas and
some cheese sticks for you four pizzas
shpi said he only ordered one pepperoni
Oh no I got two pepperoni two supreme
and some cheese sticks how much is all
this going to cost 70 bucks 70 bucks all
shf you did was give me a $20 bill a
sorry kids that sucks but I can't just
give away free pizza that'd be crazy a I
wish I had all the pizza H you know what
it is my last shift of the night and I'm
feeling pretty generous you kids should
just take the pizza wait really yeah you
can go ahead and have it do you at least
want the $20 oh yeah I'll take that for
the tip oh I wish I had 20
bucks you know what you smell like you
need this money more than I do use that
to buy yourself some soap really thanks
Mister oh my God guys we just got free
pizzas and cheese sticks and and we got
to keep our money this the luckiest day
ever woo cheese sticks oh dude I'm about
to go crazy on this pizza I'm so happy
it's the happiest day of my life look at
this pizza I know oh Jeffy open that box
what kind of pizza is that oh my God no
flippity flopping way Junior what's
going on Jeffy got the golden slice of
pizza what does that mean Junior didn't
you hear Papa John had to give away his
Factory cuz he said the N word during a
business meeting so if you find the
golden slice of pizza you get to go to
the Papa John's Factory and you might
even be able to take it over oh my God
Jeffy that's you you get to do that you
the one who found it well what do I do
with it run home Jeffy run home as fast
as you can okay Marvin pick a card any
call I don't want to do a dumb Magic
Trick Baby Marvin it's not a dumb magic
trick I'm trying to be a magician Dang
Dang Dang look I got the golden slicey
Pizza so now I get to go to Papa John's
house and say the n-word with him what
Marvin you didn't hear that Papa John's
was giving away a golden slice of pizza
and if you find it you get to go to the
factory is that spray paint yep and D
look I also got 20 bucks how'd you get
20 bucks the pizza man gave it to me no
he did not pizza man don't give you
money they give you Pizza not money you
give them money for pizza no he gave it
to me because of my lucky jacket that
jacket is not lucky it's smelling you to
throw it away cuz it's gross no Daddy
it's been lucky all day I got the golden
slice of pizza I made a trick shot and
also I got 20 bucks Jeffy I have an idea
let's see if you're really lucky I'm
going to pick a random card and you
guess what it is nine of clubs oh my God
Marvin he got it right Jeffy how did you
know I'm telling you it's my lucky
stinky jacket okay listen that was just
a lucky guess it doesn't mean you're
lucky it just that was that was a one
and what's the odds 52 factorial
whatever listen make make him guess
another one okay uh Jeffy what about
this one right here five Hearts oh my
God he got it right okay that is it okay
those are two lucky guesses and and
anyone could do that I mean you go do it
to a bunch of people they enough people
would guess it right after
twice okay listen listen that your
jacket's not lucky okay these are all
just coincidences no my jacket is lucky
we should take the 20 bucks and go to
the casino um I mean this is all the
money we have Jeffy we had no money and
the reason I took it from you is cuz we
need money for food Marvin you have food
right there you're it's only 20 bucks
just take it and go come on L okay fine
we'll go to the
casino oh man Jeffy I'm so nervous don't
be nervous daddy this jacket's lucky as
[ __ ] but Jeffy all we have is $20 for
the rest of the month if we lose this
money we can't eat put that [ __ ] on
block daddy like the L J matter okay no
more bits oh Jeffy this is a mistake
we're going to lose all our money we're
not going to lose Daddy
[Music]
24 black 24 black daddy we won we won
here's your $20 oh my God we just
doubled our money let it ride no we're
not letting ride we're going home let it
ride we double our money we're going
home let it ride let it r no we're not
letting it ride I'm taking my money too
late no more [ __ ] oh my god daddy if we
win it'll be 80 if we lose it'll be
zero 29 black 29 black here's your money
let ride let it ride let it
ride 15
[Music]
Black 26
[Music]
black 24 black get it [ __ ]
ride 13
P 26 black um let it [ __ ]
ride all right I'm going to have to ask
you gentlemen leave what I didn't know
the casino closed no it's been black 30
times in a row we're going to have to
close the table to check the machine
daddy is this jacket stinky as [ __ ] or
what smell me sh look at all this
cash wow Marvin you must have done
really well at the casino yeah we did
cuz we let it ride let that [ __ ]
ride Jeffy really is lucky oh yeah he is
he's my little lucky stinker yep all
right so get some sleep Jeffy cuz cuz we
have a busy day at the casino tomorrow
um Jeffy speaking of being a stinker do
you want me to wash your jacket so it's
nice and clean for you tomorrow yeah
sure Mommy here you
go all right Jeffy rise and shine it's
5:00 a.m. it's Prime Casino hours I'm
awake all right je Jeffy why don't you
have your jacket on put it on come on
hurry up oh it's sorry Daddy why would
you ever take that off that's the reason
why we're making all this money so why
making all this cash yeah come on all
right see you gentlemen are back the
table's back up and running we checked
the machine and there's nothing wrong
with it what did you expect don't hit
the play or hit the game sh so what are
you guys betting today all of it oh all
of it um are you betting it on black
again what's it look like shitty all
right letting it ride let it ride let
that [ __ ]
ride that's right 16 black no 16 red you
lose harder he said red oh [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] would he Sayed sorry this got to be
a mistake you said that the machine you
had to check the machine right are you
sure it wasn't black no we checked the
machine and everything's working great
you just lost no we bet on black it
should have been black Jeffy what the
[ __ ] did you do I didn't do anything no
what the wait why don't you smell like
[ __ ] mommy wash my jacket why the [ __ ]
would you let her do that I sleeping if
the jacket's lucky cuz it smell like
[ __ ] then why the [ __ ] would you tell me
didn't get washed because then we lost
all our C money it's not my fault I
didn't do it I'm sorry there was a
mistake we can we can we get a redo
please can we get a redo with that was a
mistake was we were joking well do you
have any more money to bet no that that
was that was all our money that was all
we had then I'm going to have to ask you
gentlemen to leave the table if you're
not going to make any more
bets I'm going to [ __ ] kill you I can
do it your mommy mommy did it come on
hey Marvin how is the casino why does
Jeffy smell like Downey that's rude you
cannot smell my syndrome Marvin I washed
his jacket so he wouldn't be so stinky
oh I can't do this oh I can't I see why
Chris Brown did it
I I can't do this I can't be with you
you washed his jacket the only reason it
was lucky is cuz it smell like [ __ ]
Marvin that's ridiculous there's no way
yeah the smellier it was the luckier he
got because we just lost all our money
we lost it all oh no Marvin I'm so sorry
yeah and I want a divorce what well I
get half well your half of nothing is
more nothing I don't know that necklace
is awfully shiny Marvin I got this from
a Walmart gumball machine this is not
[ __ ] real I wanted more money to bet
and we just lost it all because you
washed his lucky [ __ ] jacket I can't
believe you washed it why' you have to
wash it I didn't care I didn't care
about did you hear me complain about the
smell ever again when I had all that
money did I ever complain about the
smell I love the smell I would have laid
in rest of my [ __ ] lifein what do you
want from me I want my money back I lost
it all well Dad I can always [ __ ] in my
pants and make it stinky
again oh I feel a whole lot of luck
coming out of my
[Music]
ass why why me I don't get it I he
understood the longest fart i' ever
[ __ ] heard
[Music]