hey guys ready to go to your first day
of kindergarten oh yeah Cody
kindergarten is going to be easy peasy
lemon squeezy yeah dude I can't wait for
it as long as they got nap time I'm down
all right guys come
on all right class settle down settle
down I said be
quiet okay class we have two new
students with us here today why don't
you introduce yourselves ow oh my God
let go my hair let go told me to do it I
tell you to do that dude stop pulling
hair we don't do that okay okay why
don't you two introduce yourselves I'm
Junior and I'm Joseph very good okay
Junior can you tell me what your bib
says Junior very good Junior you're so
smart and Joseph can you tell me what's
on your T-shirt uh basketball fantastic
yay oh dude this class is going to be
easy we're going to ace it all right I
have another question for you Junior can
you tell me how many letters in alphabet
are in between J and R I have no idea
well let's count let's see J K L M N O P
QR that's seven letters I'll never use
that information ever in my life and
Joseph I have a question for you can you
tell me what colors green and orange
mixed together make my skin color very
good
Joseph good job I guess so all right
let's get you two assigned seats I'm um
Joseph why don't you go sit by
Daryl the kid yes go ahead go get out
the way okay Junior why don't you sit by
your friend Cody okay go go go
go EV corn what's up dude what's up my
name's Alex what's up Alex I like purple
see I drew a purple caret uh carrots are
purple dude but imagine if they were
yeah but uh you got a orange crayon here
no everything purple look I even do a
purple cat and I do a color purple on a
purple sheet of paper oh that's pretty
cool why don't you just wear purple then
my parents won't let me wear purple cuz
if I wear a purple shirt I just stare it
all day if somebody wore purple I would
do anything they say oh so cool dude um
what's his problem over there well he
likes bear but also apparently Burgers
come out of his ass oh dude I love
Burgers what are burgers at um that's
crayon tastes like lemons oh let me get
a bite of that in dude o lemon flavor
this is so awesome Cody I get to sit
next to you yeah it just sucks Joseph
can't sit with us wait Mikey what
happened to your bruises we kicked your
ass yesterday my dad hits way harder
than you guys plus my skin heals really
fast cuz I get beat every night oh okay
I want to build the Empire State
Building no my block get me yeah yeah
Junior you don't want to touch Mikey's
blocks unless you want to get cried at
oh what's this toy I don't know some
Hammer toy the kids that sit on the
ground used to have it but they were
only in the first half episode I don't
really know what happened to them I
guess we just didn't really have enough
actors for all the kids it's okay they
weren't very interesting anyway I mean
if people really liked him then they
would have commented and I haven't seen
a single goddamn comment people really
just like Mikey and Daryl and Freddy and
the purple kid all right class pay
attention today is Earth Day the day we
celebrate the planet Earth and we live
on planet Earth I thought we lived in
Florida yes Mikey we do live in Florida
which is a state in a country on a
continent on the planet Earth so it's
the Earth's birthday oh yes today's
Earth's birthday how old is the Earth
turning I don't know very old like
billions and billions and billions of
years old my mom died at 35 why couldn't
she live to be a billions of years old
Mikey your mother was murdered the Earth
can't be murdered oh what if a big
enough asteroid hit the earth that that
would kill
uh in that case the Earth would be
murdered well with the rate at which
we're polluting the Earth with
greenhouse gases we are technically
killing the earth that is also true Cody
but let's not talk about how we're
slowly killing the Earth on Earth's
birthday what's the Earth's favorite
flavor cake Alex Earth can't eat cake
because Earth is a planet and doesn't
have a [ __ ] mouth but if it did what
flavor I don't know carrot cake oh oh I
drew a purple carrot you think we can
give it to the O and he can eat the
carrot first of all Alex you spell
carrot wrong your C is backwards you
know what you know how we're going to
celebrate Earth Day we're going to go
outside for recess so I can go outside
get some oxygen for my brain so I don't
have an aneurysm let's go outside recess
freak yeah last one of the playgrounds a
rotten butt I don't want to be a rotten
butt you didn't tell me you had recess
this is new to me I'm a doctor today I'm
trying to figure out why I keep pooping
in my pull-ups okay cool let us know
what you find out Freddy recess yeah
I'mma go ride the ducky oh recess is so
fun
dude all right everyone out Daryl are
you
coming okay you can
[Music]
stay woohoo I'm King of the slide Mikey
be careful we I'm on
ducky that's a really good duck
impression
Alex hey there hey little kid uh you
want some Sour Patch Kids uh yeah yeah
well I got a whole bunch of them in my
van come on okay wao you guys get
recessed this is the first time I've
ever seen it oh dude this is so sweet I
can stay in kindergarten forever well
let's go on the slide No don't touch the
slide I'm King of the slide King of the
slide yeah Mikey's King of the slide
because he has the crown well who made
him King yeah who made Mikey King he
didn't throw up what yeah I got spit on
the tire swing for 15 seconds without
throwing up I throw up immediately and
then I pooped them my pull up well put
me on the goddamn swing that sounds easy
yeah I won't throw up if you spin me in
a tire swing yeah okay come on behold
the tire swing flown if you can be spun
around for longer than 15 seconds
without flowing up you get the crown
that's so easy who wants to go first
I'll go first I want that Crown okay let
me strap you in strap me in Mikey why'd
you tie my hands to the swing so you
don't fly off oh okay now lay back yeah
all right Freddy spin that [ __ ]
okay get me off get me off st stop stop
stop stop he said he gives
up oh
Cody dude have some dignity did you eat
hot dog for
breakfast
woohoo I'm still King of the slide I
want to turn boys boys has anyone seen
he was on the ducky I think that's what
I thought all right that's it recess is
over let's go back inside but I want to
be king of the slide oh my God Cody are
you okay hold my hair all right we're
going back inside right now no no no no
I got to be spun on the tire swing so I
can be kinging the slide maybe next
time oh
[Music]
Cody Junior I can't stop throwing
up I knew you was going to throw up well
I didn't get to try because I know I
wouldn't have thrown up everyone throws
up except for
Mikey
yeah um where's Alex I don't know
probably looking at something pople well
I'm taking a seat now uh 1 2 3 4 5 6 78
oh no still no Alex uh hey there oh
principal Steinbeck thank God is there a
problem yes so we were outside at recess
and another student went missing no not
another student oh God yeah we should
probably notify the family oh man
there's a muster out on the loose and he
probably killed another kid Jesus not
another one of our students oh just
don't tell the class though quick
question how's my son Daryl doing well
he's still pressing bear
bear I'm in that damn bear oh he loves
bears oh yeah what about the three in
the back did you give him their exam yet
no not
yet you should make it very hard for
them look I am for you oh
my junior Joseph Cody come on up here
all right boys it's time to take your
final exam in order to leave
kindergarten you must color inside the
line so evil that's not hard at all yeah
all right pick your poison I take the
fishes dude oh those are fish yeah I see
the fishes lady no there's two fish I
know how many fishes are on the paper
okay the plural of fish fish is still
fish look I can see the [ __ ] fishes
can I just color please okay just go I'm
going to go with the giraffe and the cow
wait giraffe okay well I guess I'll take
the panda cuz it's halfway colored
already oh yeah oh yeah I'm killing it I
don't really know what to do about this
Panda why well because he's already
black and white he's already colored in
and I think his unicorn horn should
probably be white and the only thing I
maybe need to color is his little bird
friend but he could be white too
anything can be white the clouds are
white so I think I'm probably done well
you have to color in the sky okay I will
color in the sky all right well I'm
almost done with my giraffe and cow
Junior that's not a giraffe yes it is
Cody that's a giraffe look his long neck
is poking out that's a giraffe no that's
a cow no that's a cow this is a giraffe
you just can't see his body cuz it's out
of the page but if you could see his
body it would be this really tall body
and his neck is poking into the frame no
he's a cow just peeking into the picture
no that is a cow this is a giraffe
Junior cows and giraffes don't hang out
why cuz your mom doesn't hang out with
the giraffe is that how you know well
she doesn't because she's a [ __ ] cow
your mom's a big fat cow she doesn't
have giraffe friends Junior if you want
to fail [ __ ] it go ahead Oh no you're
going to fail because you're not
coloring your Panda I'm just going to
color in the sky and turn this in okay
I'm done me too me three okay let me
grade your exams oh Junior I see you
colored one cow correctly well there's
only one cow to color no there's two
cows on the page no no no no that's a
giraffe what you see look look how tall
this giraffe is he's so much taller than
the cow because his neck is very long
you just can't see it cuz it's off the
paper well that's not a giraffe that's a
cow no no no that's a giraffe and that's
a cow no there's two cows well maybe if
you're including yourself there'd be two
cows but there's only one cow on the
paper I wasn't supposed to color you
okay well you fail no I don't all right
Cody let's look at yours oh I see you
didn't even try what what are you
talking about well you only colored the
sky and a little bit of the birdie well
that's because everything else was
already white I didn't have to color it
you couldn't color the umbrella a
different color it's a white umbrella
with a white handle they exist it's
whatever color I want it to be okay and
what about the ground or the water okay
let me explain okay clouds they're all
already white I didn't have to color
that in water doesn't have a color
didn't have to color that either and
then you see the ground I just assumed
because it's a panda it was snowing and
it's a white bird it's like a duck or
something okay but I see you didn't
color anything white well I didn't have
to because the paper's white but the
assignment was to color okay but I
didn't have to cuz it was already done
for me so you cheated what what the [ __ ]
are you talking about no I didn't need
to color anything else like look over
here look at Joseph's what a beautiful
colored page than yeah and look look
look everything is so nice and neat and
Jesus Christ what the [ __ ] is that it's
a red fish no you colored outside the
lines all three of you fa oh come on
that's [ __ ] that's a Gira I'll see
you next
week oh wow this is dumb this is stupid
I passed that's a giraffe shut the [ __ ]
up bye
[Music]
he
[Music]