hey guys what you doing sitting on the
couch and watching TV do you know what
today is Sunday okay Jeffy do you know
what today is eore has a nail in his ass
yes he does Jeffy how does he poop I
don't know Jeffy why don't you do that I
don't know Jeffy I'm going to do that
okay Marvin do you know what's special
about this Sunday the Minnesota
Timberwolves are playing the Denver
Nuggets I don't know what any of that
means Jeffy do you know what's special
about this Sunday if if a girl sits on
Pinocchio's face and he tells a lie what
will happen you guys it's Mother's Day
oh yeah it is Mother's Day baby I I I
remembered that no you didn't Marvin you
didn't even wish me happy Mother's Day
well you're not my mom so I don't have
to say that to you well Marvin come on
Jeffy are you going to wish me happy
Mother's Day eore has a nail in his ass
you guys forgot we did not forget Jeffy
made you something for mother's day he
did I did yeah Jeffy you did so go to
the kitchen and grab it all Marvin did
Jeffy really make me something for
mother's day he did he's grabbing it
right now I couldn't find it Jeffy go
grab what you made her for Mother's Day
but I didn't make her anything I know go
make her something really quick in the
kitchen all I'm go do it yeah go do it
he's grabbing it baby he just forgot I
told him where it was I'm going to make
my mommy a cake for Mother's Day I'm
going to start with a
marshmallows more
marshmallows macaroni and cheese
some
syrup all right now I got to put it in
the
microwave
start now we wa it's okay if I stand
this close to the microwave this is how
I got so smart oh I think it's
done all right it's done and I wrote wow
on it because wow that's a yummy
cake all right Mommy I got your Mother's
Day present I made you a cake oh wow
glad you could read I put wow on it
because wow that's a yummy cake or if
you flip the cake around it says mom for
Mother's Day well I'm not going to flip
it around because that wasn't my
intention well Jeffy the cake looks
delicious what's in it let me tell you
marshmallows macaroni syrup yummy that
does sound yummy Jeffy thank you eat it
okay n n n delicious eat all of it well
Jeffy I can't because I don't have a
fork I'll go get you one well Jeffy you
know what I'm actually kind of full
already you know what you see this
you see this you're going to eat
this okay
okay baby you're not going to actually
eat that are you I'll at least have a
couple of bites Marvin for Jeffy he
wants you to eat the whole thing I'm not
going to eat the whole thing Marvin I
wouldn't eat any of it it looks
disgusting well you know what at least
he got me something for Mother's Day
what did you get me well I was thinking
for mother's day maybe you you could
give me a blumkin ew Marvin no that's
disgusting oh come on just at least try
it no Marvin I would never ever ever
ever in a million years ever try that
it's gross wow you said my cake is gross
what Jeffy no I wasn't talking about
your cake then what were you talking
about oh I'm sorry Jeffy I can't tell
you it's too disgusting because you were
talking about my cake you no I
wasn't Jeffy you're a bad mommy you're
not even my real mommy
Jeffy go to your room no I hope you guys
choke and die on my macaroni and
marshmallow
cake he didn't mean it he was bluming
maybe make you feel
better I hate my mommy she's not even my
real mommy I'm going to jump out this
window and run away and find a new mommy
that'll like my marshmallow macaroni
syrup
cake see you later crappy Mommy
baby stop crying but Jeffy hates me he
said I'm not his real mom to be fair
you're not his real mom Marvin but his
real mom is dead and you know the bad
stuff his real mom did you're way better
than her I'm the worst stepmom ever no
he just wanted you to try his disgusting
cake I should have well you were going
to but then you turned down the blump
see if you wouldn't have turned down my
blump offer you wouldn't have said all
that gross stuff and made him think
you're talking about his cake but Marvin
it is gross it's disgusting hey I
wouldn't say that too loud he probably
think you're still talking about his
cake a listen I'm going to go talk to
Jeffy and let him know this is a big
misunderstanding Thank You Marvin yeah
and if this works you might want to
reconsider the blumon and cheese no hey
Jeffy Rose is very upset she's upset
that you called her a bad mom and she's
not a bad mom she didn't say your cake
was disgusting she said that me asking
for a blumkin was disgusting you see a
blumpkins when you're using the bath
Jeffy Jeffy the window Jeffy Jeffy
oh my God he escaped well not Escape he
ran away rose rose what Jeffy ran away
out the window oh no Marvin where would
he go I don't know Marvin we have to
call the cops it's not safe for him out
there why wouldn't outside be safe for
Jeffy Marvin he's 19 years old he wears
a diaper on the outside of his pants he
has a helmet on his head and a pencil in
his nose you're right he might think a
stop sign's a giant pops we have to call
the cops yes call him real quick hey
there somebody call the cops yes officer
wait where's the other cop uh he went
out of town for Mother's Day a he took
his mom somewhere for Mother's Day no he
wanted to get as far away from his mom
as possible he hates her oh that's sad
well between me and you I love her she
gives me blumpkins e lucky Marvin anyway
why'd you call me oh well our son ran
away well how long's he been missing
about 5 minutes all right well 5 minutes
we usually don't look for anybody until
they've been missing for three days well
our son is very special he has a
strength of 10 men oh I got what you
mean all right what's he look like well
he has a blue helmet on his head a
pencil in his nose and a yellow shirt
hold on hold on I got to do a police
sketch of this let me go get my
materials all right explain what he
looks like okay he has a blue helmet on
his head he has a pencil in his nose he
wears jeans and a diaper over his jeans
he has his name on his shirt which is
yellow he has blue eyes and buck teeth
is this your son that's a minion I know
but is it your son no that's not my son
also jeffy's eyes are crooked all right
well I can imagine that okay and imagine
him being a human and looking nothing
like a minion well you want me to throw
this away actually can I keep it sure
ma'am here you go a thank you I accept
tips oh here you go thank you ma'am and
I also do cares if you guys are
interested in that please no we don't
have time for that we got to find Jeffy
morvin come on please how long does it
take about 15 minutes oh 15 minutes we
don't have 15 minutes baby Marvin it
won't take too long yeah Marvin it is
Mother's Day okay fine hurry up all
right new mommies where are you there's
a mommy over he
you really yeah come a little closer I'm
coming come a little even closer I'm on
my way even closer okay come closer I'm
coming you're almost dead here I
am what's going on hey dead Jeffy mommy
you thought you could kill me huh well
now I'm going to kill you you no Daddy
help
[Applause]
[Music]
me oops I moved oh no worries ma'am I'm
not looking at you guys anymore I'm
actually done what what is that it's you
begging for a blumkin ew it's actually
very accurate hey why do I look so
chunky don't blame the artist blame
yourself and I'd probably lay off the
bread sticks at Olive Garden but I like
the bread sticks anyway that'll be 20
bucks okay here you go like you ma'am
you know Marvin actually I kind of like
it I like it too it's very I just wish
it happened in real life anyway let's go
look for Jeffy please actually I do
magic tricks we don't have time for
magic tricks but Marvin I want to see a
magic trip we don't have time for it
we're not doing a magic trip please okay
fine this is the last thing we're doing
all right pull my
sleeve Marvin look it just keeps going
and going and going it's stuck oh oh oh
you almost got
it still some more there this is awesome
m oh it's stuck it's
stuck I it you got it all right that'll
be 20 bucks okay the trick didn't even
work all the way it got stuck in your
shirt over and over no well at least I
can juggle no we're not doing no no
juggling no juggling go find Jeffy
please all right your son the minion got
it he's not a
minion I'm going to chop you up limb by
limb I'd rather you just shoot me nah
that's too quick I want to make you
suffer for what you did to me so which
arm do you like the most somebody help
me don't want to answer well I'll just
choose for you right
on Hey kid you okay my Mommy trying to
kill me or maybe you should have
appreciated your other mommy more yeah I
guess you're right come on Jeffy wake up
wake up Jeffy wake up Jeffy wake up wake
up oh what's going on Jeffy you fell
asleep and you left the microwave on for
30 minutes with marshmallows in it you
almost drowned the whole house in
marshmallows cuz you forgot to make rose
A Mother's Day gift Marvin don't yell at
him because he forgot about Mother's Day
oh great now she knows about it good
going Jeffy Danny I had no weirdest
dream I had a dream that you were trying
to get a blumpkin and then a police
officer came and Drew you trying to get
a blumkin Jeffy what the heck is a
blumkin I'll explain when you're older
and then my dead mommy came back and
tied me up and trying to kill me I I
don't care about your stupid dumb dream
Jeffy all care about is that you forgot
Mother's Day so tell Rose happy Mother's
Day happy Mother's day Mommy I love you
so much and you're the best mommy ever
thank you Jeffy now eat it Jeffy please
don't make me eat that you see that
you're going to eat this get a r
Fork Jeffy oh oh
[Music]
great