so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude let's go to Walt Disney World in
Sunny Orlando Florida are they paying
you why' you say it like that I I read
it on a brochure I thought that's how
you say it who goes to Disney World in
November dude that's the perfect time to
go there's no long lines and it's not
hot outside yeah I hate going to Disney
World when it's hot outside let's go yes
well do you guys have money no it would
be like $500 for us all to go well we
could go door too selling gumballs for
25 cents each what Cody you know how
long it would take to make $500 selling
gumballs 0 25 cent each dude it would
take forever actually not as long as you
think see I actually already crunched
the number so you guys don't have to
Rack your brains about it so if we sell
gumballs for 2 cents each assuming we
sell two gumballs per house because
nobody's going to want to buy just one
Gumball that means we get 50 cents per
house so if we do that for 12 hours per
day and we spend 5 minutes per house
that means we get 12 houses per hour and
we're doing 144 houses per day so that
means we're selling 288 gumballs per day
so that means we're getting $72 per day
so when about $ 6.94 days we'll get $500
but taking into account bathroom breaks
and Je sessions I'd say that gets us 7
days to get $500 dude I got it open I
got it open I want the green ones guys
my gumballs there goes my profit tasty
profit Hungry Hungry Hippos over here
let's just watch TV and eat gumballs
right hey there big boy are you lonely
well there's a bunch of hot young busty
slim thick blond hair blue-eye white
girls that are just waiting to answer
your call and Whisper your fantasies
right in your ear call now 1 555 555 55
555 wa do you guys think that
commercials legit do you think there's a
bunch of young hot busty slim white
thick blond hair blue eyes white girls
just waiting for us extra white huh well
is it real it has to be real dude it was
on TV they canot lie to you well I think
the girl in the commercials real enough
but I don't think they just have a call
center of busty hot babes waiting to
pick up phones I think we should call
and just test it out guys they're
probably going to charge like $10 a
minute well I don't pay my dad's phone
bill it's going to charge it to his bill
so I don't care yeah it's worth it dude
let's do it I think we should look up to
see if there's a mail version of this
here you go ruin this [ __ ] again yeah no
we don't want to call dudes if we want
to call dudes I would just call your
phone let me get my phone all right guys
it's ringing hello this is sexy Bron ha
white girl Brew o oh my God guys she's
real she sounds so hot and white dude
put on speaker I got to hear this hot
white girl excuse me ma'am what's your
name my name uh my name Mary Mary the
whitest girl name ever like Mary that
had a little lamb yeah right Mary with
the wiow ram I have a wiow ram my Ram so
tight and hairy guys I don't think she's
talking about the animal Joseph back the
[ __ ] up that's weird you're doing that
right in my ear Sor uh Well ma'am I mean
Mary it's me Cody and Joseph talking to
you right now yeah oh okay well I'm very
rry oh I'm really sorry to hear that
Mary you know I experience loneliness
myself so I know what you're going
through yeah sometimes I just feel like
a lonely little Domino you just push me
over and nothing happens you know dude
stop trying to humanize her treat her
the way she wants to be treated yeah
treat her like a little skank yeah
little [ __ ] little filthy her skanky
little [ __ ] yeah what are you what are
you wearing [ __ ] I'm wearing purple
tongue nothing else oh purple thong
that's so hot skanky skanky now Mary
back to that loneliness you were talking
about you ever have this like empty
chest feeling like like you're a puzzle
piece that just doesn't fit in anywhere
god dude you're ruining my boner yeah Jo
yall talk to her like like like she's a
piece of meat like stupid [ __ ] yeah yeah
like i' spit in both your eyes if I was
right there I would punch you in the
face a little bit oh bar naughty Me
reiky Mary Mary don't listen to them I
know you're just doing this job because
you have bills to pay and Mals to feed
unlike them I actually respect you as a
person tell me what you do to me if I
was right next to you well I would
comfort you and you know you tell you
what you want to hear and maybe put on a
TV show or something to relax you you
know whatever you felt comfortable with
no I'd wrap you up and bubble wrap and
push you down the stairs o o I would get
a bucket and a bunch of grapes and make
you step on them and then I lick your
toes you filth this caky little [ __ ]
you she's so dirty right she's gross oh
you're so nasty I rub it Mary Mary don't
listen to them I I I know you're just
doing this cuz you have to I actually
respect you how many tennis ball you
think I can fit in my booty hole eight
oh no nine you got to be nine okay maybe
I misread the situation Junior U hold on
dad keep putting the tennis balls in and
count out loud why was there a $20
charge for an ongoing phone call what is
this about uh well don't get mad I'm
already mad but there was a commercial
that said we could talk keep counting
Mary there was a commercial that said we
could talk to hot white blonde girls
wait wait white you say give me that
phone hello who is this oh hello my name
Mary and you sound very sexy H what do
you look like oh well I have very big
hard boobies and a very wide H tough
tities you say uh junior I'm going to
take this phone in the room for a second
but the dad that's that's my phone call
well it's my phone call for the next
hour I got to handle some business
well he is paying for the phone call I
just wish I could have saved her saved
her she doesn't want to be saved Cody
she loves her job nobody does that job
because they love it she's like a 911
operator what how cuz she helps people
well she helps people in a gross way
yeah so she's doing she's doing the
world of service by helping people hey
Junior I just wanted to let you know
your Dad's getting married married to
who to Mary I'm Mary Mary shut the [ __ ]
up Junior you just got to ruin
everything Jesus what not you baby my
stupid ass he just ruins everything just
just keep counting please she's on 32
golf balls it's crazy she did tennis
balls for us I don't care she's showing
me a different skill shut up you can't
get married to a sex phone operator Dad
yes I can in these 10 seconds of being
on the phone with her I've learned so
much she is perfect for me she is my
soulmate and she has top tier poon where
does she live oh the Philippines well
that doesn't sound very blonde and white
but I'm not going to judge her cuz they
have good ponet and Lupia there that's
fair well Dad you know nothing about
this woman I know plenty leave me alone
let me be I I got to go and on a flight
and pick my baby up and bring her back
wait you have to go get her yeah and her
16-year-old son so now you're going to
have a brother Junior yay wait dad you
can't fly to the Philippines and pick up
a woman you just met on the phone I'm a
grown ass man I can do what I want leave
me alone all right baby go ahead and
fill out that Green Card application
that is on the way to the Philippines
and you going to fill up my
pen guys my dad cannot be serious he's
marrying a woman he just met on the
phone in the Philippines well your dad
is really lonely he hasn't been with a
woman for years all he does is just sit
in his room and watch TV all day so
maybe this will be good for him I ain't
going to lie dude Shadow was filling me
bro she wanted my pipe and yeah she
wanted to do that little grape thing
with the bucket so don't be mad if I had
to sneak off and do a little quicker
with SH you know what I'm saying the
dirty D you can have her Joseph yes yes
yes yes yes I don't want my dad marrying
her we got to do something about this
guys what can we do about it your dad's
a grown man well she's just trying to
marry him so she can get her green card
for her and her 16-year-old son so they
can leave the Philippines and come to
America yeah that's probably true we
have to go tell Chef peee what is Chef
peee going to do I don't know he's smart
he can think of a solution he's really
smart I wouldn't say he's smart he's a
slave for your dad whoa I don't know if
you can call his ass a slave dude calm
down I don't know what else to call him
I mean he doesn't get paid he works for
free and he doesn't like it Chef pe's an
intern he's just an unpaid intern
forever I mean that sounds kind of like
a slave I mean why does he even work for
your dad I I don't even remember how
this started I mean Chef pee's just kind
of always worked here and he can't quit
I mean how did this start there was a
whole series where Chef pip actually
quit and went to go do other things and
now he's just like back like we never
really resolved that why did that happen
I I don't know I think Chef peipe just
has to work for my dad I don't I don't
know how this started oh that sounds
like slavery to me list listen we can
ask him later but let's resolve this
thing with my dad and the woman from the
Philippines yeah yeah let's do that
let's go ask Chef peee yeah this is good
hey Chef peee oh no not right now Junior
I'm trying to heat a machal loopa from
Taco Bell oh well my Dad's getting
married wait married to who who wants to
marry his lame ass he was talking to
some phone sex operator in the
Philippines he's marrying her phone sex
operator oh my God it fits perfectly I
knew he was sad but I didn't think he
would go out that sad but look look I'm
not going to judge Braxton and let him
be if he's happy but he just met her on
the phone Chef PE he hasn't even seen
her face well at least he's going to get
some instead of just slaving over a damn
stove all day like me okay no about that
no Cody so listen Chef peipi can you
stop my dad from marrying this woman I
can't stop your dad he's a grown ass man
if he wants to marry this random ass
lady and run off into the sunset let him
be but like what if she like takes your
job cuz she knows how to cook Oompa
loomas wait Oompa loomas what the hell
why she cooking people he means loia oh
loia we lost look good at lpia you ain't
never had loia no so apparently she's
good at cooking that so what if she's so
good at cooking my dad fires you you
might be on to something you little
stupid BR he might fire me if he has a
wife that can cook okay wait a minute so
you can be fired but you can't quit
sounds kind of like slavery Cody shut up
we'll deal with that in another video so
sheffy can you please make sure my dad
does not marry this woman oh I'll make
sure he doesn't marry her she won't stay
here forever all right good I told you
Che would help Junior get in here and
meet your new mom and brother look my
son is a Brad just bear with me please
hey Dad all right say hi to your new Mom
Mary or as I learned on her paperwork
her real name Guadalupe and her son it's
Sanji yo what up H that's your new
brother say hi God damn what a cat got
your tongue oh hi lady who shoved tennis
balls in her ass on the phone with me
hello Barry nice to meet you mhm she's a
sweet lady and look guess what your dad
is in the M high club mhm got some
action on the plane but we were still on
the runway but it counts I was in in my
seat yeah sitting in the middle seat she
gave me a little hand action CED it you
know and caught it start licking the
hand like a freaking dog it was crazy
she was wicked fam right right right to
Sanji oh yeah yeah Sanji was there he
was he was in the window seat I told him
to turn his head and look the other way
but you know it's okay and nothing he
hadn't seen before got to pay the bill
mhm a [ __ ] Trooper oh Dad why do you
how do you know this woman didn't just
marry you to get a green card because I
know it's true love what do you mean
well like cuz she could have just
married you to get a green card and
she's going to leave you right after sis
you want to be a smart ass look I
already looked it up she has to be
married with me for 3 years before she
could leave that means 3 years are
nothing but a demolishing poon
demolition derby on the vagina yeah
wrecking shot wrecking ball in it and
nothing she can do about it unless it's
a first class flight to Philippine land
you know what I'm talking about that
doesn't mean I got to make your father
very happy got to work very hard mhm
yeah she got to be dedicated to it you
know what I'm saying so uh yeah your mom
got to go in here and earn this green
card play with your little brother okay
oh okay come on aanti Sanji upstairs hi
coming hey guys meet my new stepbrother
a Sanji hey no no hold on there bud
there's only room for one guy with
glasses in this little click so you
better change your face before I change
it for you you're not going to beat him
up Cody he doesn't know that junior he
might think I'm the leader yo dude so uh
where's the mom how she look she mid but
you go crazy on it LO
much um I mean that a weird thing to say
about your mom bud she she she was uh
she she looked okay I mean she wasn't
like the ugliest woman I've seen But
like she was okay okay okay okay but
look dude I'm going to be so mad if your
dad gets the hit before I do I mean
they're married Joseph you should
probably lower your expectations
everybody GS a turn on my
mom where' he go is he going what the
[ __ ] I think he knows how [ __ ] up it
is probably probably that it was my turn
what the [ __ ]
I don't think I like you dude junior is
your dad here yeah he's with his new
wife in his room oh yeah it's time for
me to ruin this [ __ ] oh get ready wait
wait wait wait CHP get a turn and I
don't what the hell's going on here
ain't no way she's going to take my job
miss you King I made that mess yes
King oh my God oh my God oh my God oh
shfp did you break up my dad and that
woman no Junior I couldn't he seems
pretty happy and content and I'm pretty
terrified IED and scarred I don't never
want to go near his room ever again
Jesus Christ Our Papa's going crazy oh
man damn it my dad's married that woman
for at least the next 3 years but I mean
I guess since it's a good thing since
he's happy yeah I guess that's all that
matters yeah and then I'm eventually
going to get my turn well guys I think
we should look for our own wives hey
Cody can you call that number and see if
we get another girl okay I think if I
hang up before a minute they don't
charge me hey there big boy what's your
name uh Cody that's my son's name well
Cody how many tennis balls do you think
I can fit in my ass what Mom I'mma give
you a hint it's more than 12 and Dad
wait wait Cody what the hell you doing
on this
phone was that your mom it was my mom
[Music]