so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude it's up to you oh guys
you want to watch the new slob bunny
documentary what what's a slob bunny
slob Bunny these
nuts got you Cody got you you get it
yeah yeah you got me oh but for real
though guys let's go hang out with my
new friend Randy oh Randy who's Randy
ry's nuts in your mouth oh second time
second time got you Cody I no but for
real though guys 50 oh 50 50 50 what 50
is nuts in your mouth okay no I'm done
can you can you no I'm done I'm done
okay no more nuts and mouths okay then
do you have any suggestions Cody well we
could go to my house and look at my Lego
collection wait you have a Lego
collection Lego collect these nuts in
your
mouth I I do have a Lego collection
though I want to see it well come to my
house all right let's go to Cody's house
all right guys check out my Lego
collection wo dude nice X-Wing Fighter
thanks check out this roller
coaster oh that's so awesome dude I wish
I was on it wait what are you building
down here oh I'm building the Millennium
Falcon it's going to take a while oh my
stomach Cody where's your bathroom oh
it's just down the hall on the right
okay wait wait dude is that a shark yeah
where did Cody say the bathroom was come
on baby you know my wife not around I
send you them pictures of them toes yeah
while I choke my
chicken hey what you doing in here boy
I'm looking for the bathroom the
bathroom is down the hall oh sorry oh
here's the bathroom but where's the
toilet la la
la what are you doing in here get out
okay so Joseph over here I have a
stormtrooper roasting a pig and then
over here we have Batman and Robin
they're married and they're also the
Property Brothers they're trying to sell
this house and it's way over market and
then over here we have Harry Potter and
he's a police officer oh man the place
is my mind goes to Cody you absolute
lunatic I guess that's pretty cool dude
oh hey Junior you find the bathroom mhm
what's wrong Junior yeah dude I I you
what I saw your mom showering you did
what what dude I was looking for the
bathroom and I walked in the bathroom
and she was in the shower did you see
anything I saw everything I saw both
pancakes and a slice of pizza wo wait
wait she was in the shower naked oh who
showers naked oh she's such a skape I
know what you saw my mom's cans oh yeah
I saw both cans and Arby's Roast be
sandwich oo talk about a meal why would
you do that Junior I didn't mean to I
was just looking for the bathroom and I
walked in and there she was showering
naked and I was like oh my God
Mama ew wait look seriously like she's
hot wait wait I thought she was a cow
well that cow has some utds on her like
mo oo ooh okay Junior just calm down
it's not that big of a deal I mean I I
was breastfed until I was 8 years old
it's nothing I haven't seen well look
I'm technically your dad now no you're
not you know I've seen things that not a
lot of guys have seen well probably a
lot of guys have seen yeah yeah but but
like they're seriously I'm the last guy
to do it so like I'm technically your
dad so like I'm your dad Junior you're
not my dad don't raise your voice at me
young man okay Junior if you're going to
act like this you should just leave oh
yeah I should leave and go pack my
things at my house since I'm moving in
I'm your new dad now no you're not call
me stepdad I'm not going to call you
stepdad all right see you later son what
Dad baby I promise I'mma leave my wife
for you just give me a couple months
okay Dad uh I want a side a bread sticks
and a large Pepsi yep uh thank you love
you bye y y that was uh Pizza Hut I love
mea pizza and I just got a good deal on
toes and bread sticks okay well Dad I
have a problem what is it this time I
told you just give it a couple years
it'll grow no no no it's not that it's
my friend junior he walked in and saw
mom in the shower did he pay what did he
pay no why would he pay look I charge
$50 for each viewing what yeah and I get
a killing off of your neighbors man they
love her what how long has this been
going you know what I don't want to know
just now he's making fun of me and I
don't know what to do well just tell him
to subscribe to your mama's only fans
that's how we keep the lights on you're
no help at all whatever mom what is it
Cody mommy's getting ready for work Mom
did my friend Junior come in here a
minute ago wait which one was he oh
Jesus okay look mom you're going to have
to start locking the door whenever you
take showers from now on okay Cody when
you turn 18 and get your own only fans
and start paying the bills then you can
tell people when they lock the doors but
but Mom I'm getting made fun of well do
your friends have a bunch of Legos Cody
no well there you go it's because they
don't have hot mommies like you do now
Cody can you pass me my phone I got to
take a picture of myself no Mom okay
Cody I guess you're not going to get the
new Lego
bundle okay where's your phone dude so
are you really Cody's new dad uh yeah I
saw his mom naked in the shower so
basically she's my wife if you see a
girl naked she's your wife oh so I must
have millions of wies online oh no it
only counts if you see it in person a
junior stop telling people you're my dad
son what are you doing out of your room
I didn't give you permission to leave
the house but you're not my dad yes I am
Cody I saw your mom naked in the shower
what Junior it's not that big of a deal
I've seen my mom in the shower before ew
Cody that's your mom yeah weirdo and my
wife don't disrespect her like that
you're not my dad oh Cody Cody Cody Cody
poor dumb stupid innocent Cody yeah so
naive I'm a man I've seen a woman naked
okay and especially it's your mom so
she's my wife what Junior she hasn't
only fans a lot of people have seen her
naked oh send me the link I got to have
that link no Joseph listen Cody me and
your mom are going to talk tonight about
your talking back problem you need to be
grounded okay Junior you know what I'm
just going to go home this is stupid say
hi to my wife for me tell her I'll be
home for dinner all right Joseph I guess
you should just go home now I got to
pack my stuff uh do you know the link
I'll get it for you all right thanks
okay I'll also get you the discount code
you know since she since she's my wife
yeah I just want to go to bed and get
this stupid day over with hey son Junior
what are you doing in my house well I'm
your new dad so I have to read you a
bedtime story you're not my dad yes I am
I saw your mom naked oh my God Junior
just leave but I have to read you Harry
Potter and the sorcerous stone all right
page one Mr and Mrs d d dley Mr and Mrs
dors D of number four
priv Private Drive God this book is so
boring Junior you're only four words in
four words too many like this is so dumb
just watch the stupid movie Jor get out
of my house what but I'm your dad now
you're not my dad good night
son I need a glass of water what Junior
what are you doing making your mom
breakfast in bed why because she's a
nice woman and she's my wife you're not
married to my mom yes I am I've seen her
naked what Junior it's 7:00 at night why
are you cooking breakfast because she's
a gorgeous woman and she's my perfect
wife and she deserves the whole world
junior get out of my house no it's my
house I'm your dad okay you know
what my bag's all packed I'm sure going
to miss this house but it's time for me
to move in with my wife and support my
woman junior junor junior oh my God I
have something to tell you your dad's in
love you're in love oh yeah I met the
most amazing woman and she's a 10 and a
freak so you know I'm getting married
you're getting married oh yeah baby you
can come in yes honey Cody oh hey son
looks like I'm going to be your mom now
you're not going to be my mom Cody oh
yes she is look you better listen to
every word she has to say I better not
hear anything bad about it yeah and
since I'm your mom now you're grounded
well grounded for what for bullying your
friend Cody about you seeing his mom
naked but Mom I mean no no no no buts go
clean your room and now you can't play
video games okay Cody okay Cody fine I
get it I won't make any more jokes about
seeing your mom naked are you sure
because you have no idea what I had to
do to be your mom it's way more than you
had to do to be my dad okay okay fine
Cody I get I I get it I understand I
won't pretend I'm your dad anymore and I
won't make jokes about seeing your mom
naked let's just forget about it yeah
it's not funny is it no I don't want you
be my mom that's gross and weird yeah
okay you want to come back to my house
and just play Legos yes I'll call Joseph
okay guys let's just play Legos like we
should have done earlier today okay I
want to be Harry Potter of the police
officer oh man Cody I need to use the
bathroom where is it again oh it's just
down the hall on the right oh man oh man
I can't wait to see her wait wait boy
what you doing in
here my eyes my eyes
[Music]