oh man I can't wait to sit down and
watch TV what no block Yoshi I was about
to watch TV well block Yoshi I was here
first all right well how about we play
cooper sisters what brought people
sisters you know we hit hey me you make
a sign it's not called rock cooper
sisters black yoshi it's called rock
paper scissors whoa that one all right
let's play five rock paper scissors
would you choose a rock well I chose
pooper so pooper beats rock may briefly
at the house watching TV
down all the way do you like Call of
Duty then you need to get the new call
of duty modern warfare not the call of
duty modern warfare from 2007 not the
remastered call of duty modern warfare
from 2016 this is the new call of duty
modern warfare
yeah there's no it's nothing like the
other two games and this is a new one
modern warfare call of duty get it
[Music]
I'll call the doctors I can't hear
anything he go try to get your hearing
back so you could buy me a game like you
sure what are you saying
hey there somebody call a doctor I've
had a pretty rough day so don't ask ok
I'll tell you so I had this patient
coming to the emergency room right she
was a mother of three she just been in a
terrible car accident she was missing
her arms she was missing a legs her face
was all messed up it looked like a
deep-dish pizza the kids are in the
waiting room they're crying saying mommy
mommy please don't go we need you but I
know she's a goner
so ever on the operating table right and
then the worst possible thing happens
and I'm sure you can guess what that is
I spilled my Hawaiian Punch all over the
front of my shirt can you believe that
the entire bottle of Hawaiian Punch
right down the front of my shirt no one
is having a worse day than me right now
no one I guarantee it this is my
favorite shirt she flatlines and the
kids are all crying but but my shirt my
shirt is just ruined ok this stain is
never coming out believe me that this is
not the first time that's happened ok I
can't hear anything you're saying I
can't hear you oh ok that's fine I'm
just I'm just venting over here I'm
pouring my heart out to you and you're
not even listening no that's cool next
time you talk I won't listen either all
right dr. Seuss what's going on so my
friend was like yelling at the megaphone
and I couldn't hear what you're saying
here you I'm sorry I'm not listening
block Yoshi I don't think he understands
that I can't hear him can you tell him
that I'm deaf
alright doc did this what happens so I
was using this Megaman this phone right
here the ants market foot knew how to do
this and then now he's saying he can't
hear me
oh so the way you you actually can't
hear ok that's awesome now I can say
whatever I want to your face and you'll
never even hear it did you tell them
black Joey yeah all right yeah yeah you
know what your overalls this stupid what
are you a Pharma dummy and in your
gloves your glove why do you even wear
gloves ugly and then what's with your
hat why do you have your
black yoshi if he telling me how to fix
my hearing yeah doctor how do i fix my
hearing alright you know what fine I'll
just I'll just go get the hearing aids
you said you need to buy me two new call
of duty yeah all right Mario how those
at BOTS working I can hear again how is
that working well a lot of people don't
know this but air pods also work as
hearing aids aids hearing all right
black yoshi what were you trying to let
that hold on you can hear now so now you
get to hear the story about my shirt can
you make it quick all right fine mother
a3 terrible car accident pizza face
kids a crying operating table Hawaiian
Punch
on my shirt shirt ruined well I'm so
sorry to hear about your shirt thank you
this is a very tough time for me all
right black oh gee what are you trying
to tell me what were you trying to say
without the megaphone duty why would you
steal the display from Walmart well then
go steal the real thing from Walmart
because it's behind glass and you need a
key well then pick the lock I do what
you do yeah I'm a locksmith I can pick a
lock just let me go change my shirt
all right no all right what do you need
me to unlock what is that oh this is the
master key it can unlock any lock in the
entire world really yeah I can get into
the White House area 51 Fort Knox anyway
why would they trust you with that key
oh well every locksmith has one but you
got to take the locksmith oath that
you'll only use this key for justice and
not evil so just like helping old ladies
who've been locked out of the house
helping dogs get out of hot cars that
kind of thing so you could go to a bank
unlock the safe and still all the money
well I could but that would be against
the locksmith oath so I wouldn't do it
all right so what do you need me to use
this key for black you should tell me
what you need open the walls look at the
cage at Walmart he wants you to unlock
the big glass wall that blocks the game
so he can steal call of duty well I'm
not gonna do that that would be against
the locksmith oath he can't do it black
yoshi who cannot see
can you see the key well look you see it
hold the key no he can't hold the key
because I know what he's gonna do with
it
all right block you're sure you can't
see the key or hold the key he has the
key he can't has the key I'm not gonna
help you with this situation now if you
excuse me I'm gonna go downstairs and
take a locksmith nap on your couch and
I'm gonna keep this key right here in my
pocket
all right block your seawall you can't
steal the game using a key okay oh you
have an idea I'm asleep right now don't
steal the key you can steal a key right
now and I wouldn't even notice my shirt
is ruined
[Music]
sorry kids but your mother didn't make
it I could I sure do
[Music]
guess who got the key guess who got the
key guess who got the key yep you know
what it's me what black Yoshi you stole
the master key yeah how'd you get away
with it easily
well we plucky we'll put it back no man
not before I go get a new car let's do
this so I've run through the wall mob
spookley IDI me all right black you put
the key back oh he's gonna get in
trouble oh man that was a good nap
there's nothing better than taking a nap
in a stranger's home wait wait wait but
where's where's the master key what hold
on what what what somebody stole the
master key Oh No
if I don't get that back I'm gonna lose
my locksmithing license man now I gotta
put my cop outfit on modern welfare it's
called modern warfare block Yoshi no
it's not it's called modern welfare cuz
in the game the governments be sending
you some chicks and you gotta catch me
block you see I don't care what happens
in the game I just want you to return
the key so you don't get in trouble all
right folk hurry
Hey what are you doing here I am having
the worst day ever
you would not believe what happened to
me on the way over here okay so I wake
up and I noticed my key is missing I'll
mention more on that in a minute so then
I go back home to pick up my police
uniform and then on the way back over
here I decide to stop at a gas station
to pick up some Hawaiian Punch so I'm in
line about to buy my Hawaiian Punch and
then this robber bursts in and starts
robbing the place so I'm thinking I'm a
police officer I should probably do
something about this after I take a
drink of my Hawaiian Punch so right when
I'm about to drink my Hawaiian Punch the
robber blasts the guy behind the counter
which scares me and then I spill all of
my Hawaiian Punch right down the front
of my shirt my head is coming off I am
having the worst day ever this could not
get any worse no one is having a worse
day than me people are running around
they're screaming about the robber but
nobody cares about my shirt you know so
so now this shirt is ruined this is the
second shirt today that has been ruined
by the punch of the Hawaiian flavor yeah
yeah I feel your pain I understand it
I'm so sorry for you thank you that
means a lot
what are you doing here though oh well
I'm pretty sure your friend over there
stole my master key what makes you what
makes you think that well because he
wanted the key so he could steal a video
game and there's the video game and I'm
missing my key and also he's holding the
key Oh metric that's your key yep that's
my king Oh fell off I thought your key
is it that's definitely my key
oh yeah where'd you find it Oh in your
pocket and that's stealing
what black you give him the key back oh
here you go you have your key back he
has his game we're all happy no one's
hurt well he did steal a video game from
Walmart okay Walmart's a billion dollar
company they're not gonna notice a $60
video game look you're probably right
but I still have to take this game lucky
look you didn't need anyway because you
can't afford it so let's just watch TV
with me do you like Call of Duty but you
want to play it on your phone then you
need to get the new Call of Duty mobile
Cudas do this moobus evening Call of
Duty mobile yeah well it said it's free
to download so point your phone and
download it go get a fall black you sure
you can't use that phone that's a flip
phone yeah Obama gave it to me you can't
use that phone you have to use a
smartphone Oh what you trying to say my
old dog cuz he babe no look look my
phone's black and look it's a smartphone
it's iPhone I already have the game
downloading code it was free oh yo
whatever
whatever gets him not to bother me can't
believe he just broke his phone every
year at this
[Music]
after a long exhausting day I just want
to sit back and watch my team suck come
on Falcons you can do it you can win
just just once okay okay no you can do
this guy you can do it all right here we
go here we go just just don't spill it
it'll never happen