so guys what do you want to do today we
should build this robotic smart machine
you can build up to eight different
kinds of robots like we could build a
bug or a gorilla or a dinosaur or oh oh
or playtime playtime's cool
[Music]
too so Sally how was school today oh it
was okay I got a see
on I got a C on my Spanish desk oh no
really a c I can't believe you how are
you going to communicate with your
future stepdad you should probably ask
him for help for your homework he speaks
really good
Spanish mom I have no idea what he's
saying you know I think our schools
should teach our kids English you know
the language our country speaks not that
madeup Mexican [ __ ] damn it Junior
why are you smoking in the kitchen you
know I have asthma well why are you
bringing Mexicans to the dinner table
you know I have asthma against Mexicans
at my dinner table that you're banging
well Dad smoking is really bad for you
you know what else is bad for you being
in a country that you don't have legal
papers to be a [ __ ] citizen in you
know what else is bad for you not being
able to provide for your damn family cuz
you're a drunk hillbilly you know what
else is bad for you banging a Mexican
and bringing to my dinner table when
he's not supposed to be in this country
why do you keep on bringing up his damn
race I'm just bringing up that he's
Mexican that's his race yeah Dad you do
say that a lot every time well I'm just
glad that I voted for someone that's
going to clean up this country and stop
people from banging my wife that are
Mexican you know what you need to just
worry about getting a damn job well I'm
sitting by the phone waiting for the
many job applications that I applied to
call me back no one's going to call you
because you're a freaking drunk racist
I'm only drunk and racist see listen the
call the phone is ringing I'm going to
answer this because it's a job and
everyone shut up coming I'm get this job
yeah right hello hello is Junior oh my
God it's immigration run run
run run no really Junior no I'm just
kidding God damn it Junior I don't know
if he has his papers he doesn't oh yeah
this is Junior hello we are calling in
regards to the job application you
submitted earlier today we are wanting
to possibly interview you for tonight oh
I can do it tonight perfect um what time
of for you maybe right now oh I can do
right now anything to get me away from
my ugly ass family perfect all right see
you soon so who was that one of your
hookers I wish but no it was actually a
job that wants to interview me tonight
and they want my qualifications cuz it's
a very prestigious job and they want my
skills H I didn't know ass wiping was an
actual job okay I'll be back with a
highp paying job guys yeah right
[Music]
hello thank you for coming to freshm how
for may I be of help to you today uh my
name is Junior I'm here for a job
interview okay perfect perfect for the
interview I do need to ask you some
preina question okay you need to ask me
Illuminati questions no some preliminary
question uh okay like question for the
interview can you answer yes okay first
question do you know how for to count
the money yes I know how to count money
I used to work in a big corporate job
and we handled millions of dollars so I
know how to do that stuff okay very good
very good next question do you for have
your diver license no I do not have a
diver's license but I don't know why I
would need a diver's license to work at
a grocery store unless you have to dive
to get the inventory in the back no no
listen very good listen your di license
[ __ ] I heard you the first time I don't
have a diver's license but why would I
need a diver's license to work at a
grocery store do you have a diver's
license yes I do have diver license okay
oh my God you go diving all the time
like how how deep have you been no no
listen listen how far you get to this
interview today I sure [ __ ] didn't dive
to get here I drove my car okay do you
have license for your car yes I do okay
so you have diver license no do not have
a driver's license but I have a driver's
license for my car yes perfect perfect
perfect now last question do you have
any reference for the dog oh I used to
work at Papa Murphy's pizza so yeah I we
ended that job mutually because I was
such a good person at my job that he
wanted to see me succeed okay perfect
very good very good I would give him a
call very quick stay right here no no I
wouldn't call po Murphy he got a car
accident and died last week and lost
voice hello hello I am forood from
freshmart I are calling in regards to an
applicant who has used you as a
reference on him application okay well
who is it his name are junior wait who
the [ __ ] Jor oh that broke bit no suck
his hair [ __ ] he trying to use
me refence oh hell no that [ __ ] owe me
money he can't use me as a as [ __ ]
[ __ ] until he pay me back he better run
up goddamn Pockets every single time you
get paid so you should be put my damn
name on that damn paycheck every single
time Papa Murphy p pa Murphy [ __ ] okay
perfect we will do that thank you so
very much he said that we could hire you
okay he said that yes what he must have
actually got in the car AC and bumped
his head because there's no way in help
okay well if he said you can hire me did
I get the job yes of course you have the
job well when can I start you can start
right now okay come here oh hell yeah I
got a job can start making money provide
for my family kick the Mexican out of my
house
hey man just these pastos okay you got
to crank it by hand yeah this cheap
Indian
[ __ ] okay that'll be uh $3 I guess all I
have is 90 I said it was $3 I know but I
only have 90 well I see there's 3 10 and
32s you can just give me one 10 and I no
no I can't they're all glued together
see I had glue in my pocket and all the
bills got glued together well we can't
except money that's been glued together
but that's legal tender you have to take
that I don't even have I don't even have
87 ones well how am I going to get my
pasta o well I guess you're not going to
get your past unless you have a credit
card well I don't have a credit card I
just have glued cash wait aren't you the
garbage man I punched in the face who
cried like a little [ __ ] wait aren't
you the guy that's not about to get his
can of pasta O whatever man I don't even
need my pasta o I'll just take my glued
money elsewhere yeah well you're not
welcome here your kind's not welcome
here junior did you just did a customer
he's kind of not welcome here yeah cuz
he walked in here talking about some
[ __ ] saying Indians are s thany so I
was just defending you oh oh thank you
so much then you know what you are so
for deserving a raise in 3 to 6 month
yeah I am deserving of a raise I'm doing
a really good job over here but I would
say the register is low on money there's
only a few ones in there okay you just
need to have more customer for more
money the register okay wait wait wait
that doesn't make any sense because if
we don't have any change to give back
then we we'll lose a lot of customers
yes but if you have more customer they
give you more money to put in the
register okay you just need more
customer oh okay okay good luck doesn't
make any [ __ ] sense
oh Corbin I don't know if I can do this
I don't want to get arrested oh come on
Sally it's just an Indian lady that
works here she's not going to idea plus
if she does I'll just sing oh you're
right that always works excuse me ma'am
we'd like to buy these beers oh [ __ ]
it's my dad Sally you're trying to buy
beer and Corbin blue we're
21
21 we don't have our idas cuz they're in
our car don't ask for them we park very
far we park very far get out of here you
guys can't buy beer not 21 I know you're
not 21 and Sally if you're going to
steal those beers put them in my
fridge this job is so boring we barely
have any customers ooh I didn't know we
sold scratch offs might as well do it
while I'm on the job know get me out of
this [ __ ]
hole Junior I come in for tell you that
I have mailed out your first paycheck
okay I just want to make sure that I got
the name on the check correct okay okay
I put p a PA a Murphy okay what what no
that's that's not my name that's Papa
Murphy why would you write the check to
Papa Murphy because when I do the C for
the reference he tell me you owe him
very much many money okay so you don't
give him my money I don't owe that
[ __ ] money wait a minute what's
Fort hoot far I just want a million
dollars forood and did you pay for that
take it out of my paycheck I just want a
million dollars
okay oh delicioso leges hey seresa how
about that one step pops you think we
have time for a microwave quickly like
hop play hop play hop play hop play hop
play
s oh my God you making my chalupa Mo
baby ring ring ring ring oh who's
calling oh [ __ ] it's the Monopoly man
and I just passed go B oh my God J where
did you get all that damn money let's
just say uncle D said he picked me to
cash his checks beep what what is that
supposed to mean I'm just saying I'm
glad I live in a country where I can win
the lottery B there's no way in hell you
won the lottery Junior you can't even
afford a ticket I was at this Indian
grocery store and I said give me one of
them tickets I'm feeling lucky I
scratched it and God said you're my
favorite
be oh my God we're rich we're really
really rich we're rich we're rich um
okay what's with all this we weird no no
there is no we there there's no weird
there's only me I'm rich I'm the one
with the paper I'm the one with the
money I'm not picking any of you guys to
have my money stop being selfish Junior
we are rich we are a family yes we won
the lottery you we you got to spend it
with us well actually only person I have
to take care of is Sally so there's your
there's your cut and I no I'm not
dealing with you you banged a Mexican in
my house I only banged that Mexican to
motivate you you actually got a job
because I banged that Mexican if I
didn't slide on his penis you wouldn't
actually be working right now you
wouldn't be rich you should be thanking
God I SL on his penis okay well yeah you
know what you did motivate me you
motivated me to win the lottery and have
millions and to leave your [ __ ] ass
you're cheating stupid [ __ ] ass I
might keep the Mexican to clean my
toilets but no you know what you and
Fredo Le are gone no no no no no no
you're supposed to be in love with me
cuz I love you forever you don't love me
for you didn't love me when you were
sliding on his Taco Bell chalupa I did I
I was still thinking of you even though
I was on top of him oh yeah that makes a
lot of funck cuz that you're just a
[ __ ] SL you know what there's going
to be a lot of changes around here a lot
of single hot sexy women just jumping on
me they on my chalupa no you know I'm
going to go outside cuz I think I rubbed
the lamp and there's a guine outside B
what okay Genie I'm ready for my three
wishes oh my God you're so hot and which
yeah I'm definitely the last one so this
is a four-seater car so tell me why
there's so many Benjamin
Franklin it's a t of the balloon sir are
you drinking and driving no this this
car is parked I am drinking but me and
these girls are about to have a human
centipede and I was going to be in the
middle and the one in the back's not
going to be very happy cuz I don't wipe
so well when you're wiping with hundred
hundreds sir I'm going to need you to
get out of the vehicle uh oh you want to
join the centipede no especially after
what I just heard oh no you don't have
to be in the bag you can be in the front
I mean well how do you wipe do you use
money too no well you use wet wipes if
you use wet wipes you can be in front of
me you know what I'm going to perform a
sobriety test say your ABCs oh if you do
the human centipede and you're in front
of me you'll feel the ABCs A
B please stop it oh listen baby how much
money for you to strip search yourself
no you're under arrest for what for
driving drunk I was not driving the car
was in park ladies did this car ever
move no this car never moov oh I mean
it's not about to move it's about to go
back get out of the car you're getting a
DUI what oh you want you want a I Dei
Trump ban Dei no a DUI oh a DUI you want
my D you want my d a d for you for I DUI
DWI DWI driving while insanely
Rich get up against the car you're under
arrest oh [ __ ] I like where this is
going turn your body cam on this is
police sexuality brutality baby yeah
keep going Junior stop it you're being
weird no no seriously for the for the
play time you should totally do it you
should go crazy no Junior we're done you
made it weird I'm leaving I made it
weird no you oh wow pelia way to ruin
playtime you guys are leaving to oh well
you're the one who made it weird it was
not weird until you made it weird God
darn it well I'm going to be rich in the
next one
[Music]