oh my BBS I'm so happy with all my new
stuff how you get new stuff Doug how you
get those glasses I went Black Friday
shop IPS how'd you go Black Friday
shopping if you don't have any money
well I already told you mob bips
everything free for black people on
Black Friday that's not true douge yes
it is see I got this new iPhones right
here douge you stole it the alarm still
going off no let me tell you what
happened see I walked through the Apple
store and they had all the iPhone
sitting down on the counter for people
to grab but was like a carnival game so
I had to pull on it really hard to break
the string and when I did I won and all
the alarms started going off telling me
I won and everyone in the store started
cheersing Doug you stole this no I
didn't and there was also this other
carnival game called Break in case of
emergency and I War me a fire
extinguishers what du it you stole a
fire extinguisher no I warns it in the
carnival game what dougy what are you
going to do with a fire extinguisher
it's your Christmas present I don't want
a fire extinguisher dougy oh you so mean
and nasty and ungrateful for your
Christmas presents I'm going return it
and get my money BS how you going get
your money back if you didn't even buy
it in the first place you stole it a
Marvin we didn't get to go Black Friday
shopping this year because we don't have
any money baby but Marvin that's the
only time of year we can get our
Christmas presents because everything's
on sale well we don't have jobs if we
had jobs then we'd have money a Marvin
this is going to be the worst Christmas
ever I mean I guess I can go down to the
job office and see if they have anyone
that's hiring right now okay Marvin hey
there Marvin oh thank God you came on
such short notice yeah well it is a
Saturday ooh are those three uneaten
pies left over from Thanksgiving I see I
guess your family doesn't really like
pie but I do no no I got to focus so
you're looking for work huh yes I can't
afford Christmas gifts this year and I
really need a job okay let me see what
kind of jobs we got available today the
highest paying jobs okay these are the
highest paying um sidewalk gum scraper
it's a pretty underappreciated job but
it pulls a lot of ass no I don't want to
scrape gum okay fine uh retirement home
ass wiper you wipe old people's asses no
okay uh face get coughed hon her what
what is that well see scientists get
people with diseases we don't know about
and they cough on your face so we can
test how contagious they are I don't
want to do that okay picky um let's see
uh dog bite pain scaler you get bit by
dogs and then you rate how much it hurts
what no why would I want to do that okay
let me see um turd what it it just says
turd oh no I see turd dissector people
poop in a it and then you just dig
around in it to see if they're sick or
not are there any jobs that aren't gross
or don't require a lot of work well all
jobs require work Mar that's why they
call it work are there any jobs that are
fun oh you didn't say fun now Marvin
have you ever considered working in the
adult film industry you mean like make
uhhm what Rose would kill me I can't do
that well this one job is
$3,000
$3,000 yep cash what cash just for one
night yeah just one night oh man that
would be all the money I need for
Christmas okay fine I'll do it okay
great I'll send you the address well can
you come with me I'm nervous oh okay I
don't mind watching come on MAR let's go
it's right now yeah it says ASAP they're
waiting for us come on okay want to know
one of my favorite ways to pass the time
lately by playing Dragon City on my
phone I always look forward to logging
on so I can collect my sweet sweet gold
feed my dragon children breed them and
see what fun events they have going on
for me to earn new dragons and grow my
dragon Empire breeding dragons is one of
my favorite things to do in the game
lately you pick from your current
dragons give them some private time in
the love cave and then see what kind of
abomination they can make once their egg
hatches I mean look at this ugly thing
they made I love it you can also train
your dragons to make the Supreme
fighting team and test them in League
battles events and rescue missions where
you fight bosses to save other dragons
that get added to your collection and
you earn free goodies along the way
they're also always running limited
events like treasure mazes and
achievement races so there are
constantly new things to do every few
days Dragon City has been a huge
supporter of the channel this year so
please go show them some love and
download the game using our link below
or the QR code and you can get our sexy
SML decoration 15,000 food 30,000 gold
and the limited edition Neo isumi Dragon
thank you to Dragon City for sponsoring
this video all right Marvin here's the
set oh my God I'm going to go to the
bathroom and clean myself up I
definitely think I can do this for
$3,000 there you go Marvin that's the
spirit hey there fellas oh sorry we only
need one uh me I'm right here that's
okay I'm just here to watch okay good
but I could Use Somebody Like You for
next Tuesday oh cool so what's your name
Marvin my name's Marvin well Marvin have
you ever shot a movie before nope this
is my first one hey Steve you ready for
me I'm getting ready to burst oh not yet
Tyrone a damn look look I'm going to be
in the corner but uh I'm getting angry
all is is he like in a different movie
other than mine oh no he's the talent
talent well I'm with the girl that's
going to the bathroom only me right oh
no your girl's coming up now all right
Steve what Hool is it going in today I
didn't take my enema and I didn't do so
my stink is all clogged up Mom hey I'm
not doing this with my son wait what's
the pay ew Mom I'm getting the hell out
of here I don't think I can do this I I
didn't expect the woman to be so old oh
come on son it's $3,000 just put on that
there raincoat and grab your camera why
would I need to put on a raincoat and
grab a camera well because you're going
to get pissed on what yeah you're going
to get pissed on by Tyrone here see I
make 3D adult films bab's here is going
to [ __ ] on you try to you know he's
going to come out as one little Lincoln
Log and then a burst of diarrhea right
behind it yeah I'm going to be our in
this movie and you stepping into the
Splash Zone I I'm sorry I'm not I'm not
interested in this oh come on son don't
you want to make $3,000 I know you ain't
scared of no little piss come on put on
the
jacket has times really gotten this hard
what the hell is taking it so long he's
already pissing what bring your ass in
here going hold it back I Dr too much
water I I I don't think I can do this
Steve God damn it give me the camera
Tyrone piss on me what Steve he got a
jacket on I don't care we need the money
shot piss so Marvin did you find a new
job no oh but you found money to buy a
new stinky raincoat why do you smell
like asparagus I was looking for a job
okay oh Marvin we're not going to be
able to afford Christmas presents this
year you guys are [ __ ] cuz Santa Claus
got me I've been a good boy me and Santa
Claus are tight as [ __ ] what my phone's
ringing hello hey Marvin how was my mom
I didn't do it oh thank God I was going
to kill you well I'm assuming you're
still looking for a job yes okay well I
do have some options for you in the same
industry I don't want to work in the
same industry now hold on Marvin just
meet me at your dining room table and
bring a
fork I'll be right
back Marvin I wanted a fork how the hell
am I supposed to eat pie with a spoon I
didn't know what you needed the fork for
but you still heard me okay we're going
to Ru out any jobs that require
listening skills but look Marvin we have
very important decisions to make pecan
apple or pumpkin you said you had jobs
for me to do I do I do now listen Marvin
have you ever seen the movie Magic Mike
no well neither have I but my wife loves
it and I think that's supposed to to
make me mad but look Marvin my point is
you could be a male stripper a male
stripper how could I be a male stripper
it's easy Marvin you just go over to
girls' houses or bachelorette parties
and you just dance around with your
shirt off and nobody's allowed to piss
on you or anything okay but why would
anyone want me to be a male stripper I'm
not hot H that's a good point but I have
a solution look at this Marvin it's
called steroids one shot of this and
you'll be ripped isn't steroids bad for
you I mean yeah it'll make your balls
tiny but who cares Marvin when's the
last time you heard a girl say oh Becky
this guy I was with last night he had
such tiny balls or that guy got big
shoes I bet he has giant balls no one
cares about the balls Marvin it's all
about the wiener and as far as I can
tell this doesn't affect the wiener so
come on Marvin try it and they pay a lot
yeah look Marvin it's a win-win you get
paid you get jacked and nobody pisses on
you okay fine I'll do it okay hold out
your hand Marvin why are you still
wearing the piss ring coat I I I don't
know it was my size just take it off
here stab my
hand the shirt was too tight [ __ ]
Hercules damn Marvin you look jacked oh
man I'm ripped oh the beach is that way
actually it's not the beach is actually
more like that way but that's okay it
wasn't really about the beach anyway oh
how am I going to start making money off
my muscles you want to get a
weightlifting competition no Marvin
those are not real muscles they would
eat you alive no now I can book you for
a party or something like right here
This Woman's going to pay you $1,000
just to show up for an hour is it like a
bachelorette party or something yeah it
must be if she's paying that much oh she
actually lives right across the street
okay so I just go and Just Dance for it
like this yeah but put your shirt back
on you had to have something to strip
off if you're a stripper okay give it to
me I'll go over there all right Marvin
don't be nervous all you have to do is
knock on the door go in there dance and
get paid time to get paid time to get
paid time to get paid hello oh my now
that's a man excuse me ma'am did you
hire a dancer no actually I hired a
fireman with a long hose oh well I
didn't get the fireman memo but I can
dance well come back as a fireman oh
you're fired man wait what I I thought I
was supposed to
dance where I get a fireman costume okay
let's try this
again hello oh thank God you're here
there's a fire in my living room and I
hope you brought your hose I did bring
my hose it's full of water okay well
come quick but not too quick okay
ma'am so ma'am where's the rest of the
party oh it's just me and it's my
birthday well happy birthday thank you
my husband's not home so I only have a
few minutes oh oh okay well uh I mean
what do you want to do uh well why don't
you do the thing uh I I think it's
getting hot in here I mean it feels
pretty good no no the thing oh oh oh oh
my job yes yes it's oh it is so hot in
here so hot I I want to take off my
clothes yes that oh let me let me let me
turn on some music mhm oh oh very nice
[ __ ] yeah mhm this is happening uh I
think the fire is a little closer to me
why don't you come put it out oh okay oh
what is this what what are you doing I'm
trying to wave the Flames like put it
out oh my uh why don't why don't uh you
take your jacket off and use it to put
the Flames out oh okay uh um can you can
you help me get kind of stuck oh sh sh
sh oh my God that's a man yeah yeah it
is this is a man this is this is all man
right here oh now we're getting
somewhere uh you know I think the flame
is on me why don't you come extinguish
it oh okay uh oh what is the sound what
you doing now it's like a sprinkler okay
well how about you help me with the
Flames that are on me get closer oh okay
uh
oh oh yes oh yes you like this yes this
is great yeah I think there's still
flames on me though
uh oh my God thank you you oh okay honey
I'm home early what the oh hey what the
hell is Marvin in my house without a
shirt on oh well you see uh Marvin is a
fireman and he took off his shirt to put
the Flames out because it's a flame
retardant I don't care if he's [ __ ]
he shouldn't have his shirt off in my
house U no you see I I'm I'm I'm fireman
and uh your your wife was listening to
music about the fires like Sean Kingston
and I was putting it out with the shirt
well Mr fire [ __ ] man one of my
smoke detectors is missing so you think
you can check it out for me while you're
here I I think so all right well put
your shirt and hat back on and follow
me okay I'm so sorry okay I'm still
getting paid right
maybe all right Marvin right there see
that no more smoke detector it's gone
where' it go I I don't know where it
went yeah if my house is on fire how
would I know I don't know I know right
so can you give me another one I mean I
I got a bunch of those down at the fire
station so if I just go grab one I could
come back okay you think you can do that
for me yeah I can do that all right
here's 100 bucks I was told I'd get
$1,000 you really are [ __ ] huh uh
give me that all right hurry back uh he
only gave me 100 I was expecting more me
too whoa Marvin you made $100 wait why
are you dressed like that oh I uh got a
job as a volunteer firefighter wait if
you're a volunteer then how did you get
the $100 oh some lady tipped me because
I helped with her cat a that's nice
Marvin yep it is hey Marvin how' it go
what 100 bucks just for taking your
clothes off what uh I took my shirt off
because the cat was stuck in a tree and
it jumped and I caught the cat like a
net with my shirt aw what are you
talking about Marvin you were a stripper
what striper striper was the name of the
cat it was an orange stripe cat it was
very cute oh I get it you don't want her
to know okay well listen I put an ad
online so if you get phone calls go do
it oh okay thanks for thanks for coming
over buddy um so Rose take that $100 and
go shopping oh really Marvin thank you
yeah I worked really hard for it hey
where's my $100 well go get pissed on
him may you get
$100 don't forget to show some love to
the sponsor of this video Dragon City
check out the link below or scan the QR
code to get our sexy SML decoration 15,
000 food 30,000 gold and the limited
edition Neo isumi dragon
[Music]