all right cross pudding we're going to
be making macaroni off so on your desk
you should have macaroni brew and a
piece of paper you have the entire day
of crust to make your macaroni off and
I'll grate it at the end of the day go
guys we get to make macaroni art dude
this is like a free day I'm totally
gonna have fast this it really just gave
us boxes of macaroni and cheese and glue
like look look the cheese packet is
still in there I could just make
macaroni and cheese if I wanted to I
could make three servings of macaroni
and cheese well stop flopping your lips
and go make it you know what I'm gonna
do that I'm gonna go to the teacher's
lounge and cook this up so Penelope what
macaroni art are you gonna make it's a
surprise for you okay all right guys
let's do it
and done what did you make Joseph oh I
made a pile of throw dude sick right it
does look like a pile of throw up thanks
dude what Penelope did you make a ball
sack whoa ball sack no Junior I made a
heart because I love you it looks like a
ball sack yeah ball sack would have been
better dude I made a macaroni Dragon oh
my God here that looks amazing oh dude
you should post that to Instagram mac
and cheese anyone I made about three
servings holy [ __ ] [ __ ] Junior look
at that macaroni Dragon it looks cool as
tits you should put that on gram I
should really make an Instagram post
about this yeah dude it's gonna go viral
uh nobody answered me about the mac and
cheese of course we want a bowl of mac
and cheese Cody pour it give me a bowl
idiot I'm gonna post this on Instagram I
made your volcano erupting oh make my
volcano erupt Daddy I made the night sky
with a bunch of stars in it you didn't
even do anything yeah I did each one of
these stars because have its own solar
system with a bunch of planets that
could have life in Worlds we haven't
even explored yet that's gay yeah well
yours is just a dick thanks for the mac
and cheese Cody yeah I would have made
it creamier but I didn't think you guys
would want Cody's special juice in it
I'm not eating it hey do you think the
teacher is gonna grate our macaroni art
well you're gonna get in trouble because
again I think you made a ball sack it's
not a ball sack Junior guys I think the
teacher's asleep
oh listen he's asleep you guys want to
leave school early and come hang out at
my house sure yeah yeah I do no I'm not
going I'm staying here because I don't
want to get in trouble you're gonna get
in trouble because you made a ball sack
shut up Junior I'm gonna take this and
put this on my refrigerator
guys what do you think Chef peep is
going to say when I put this on the
refrigerator he might be scared to think
it's a real dragon dude did you ever
post it on Instagram I did but I haven't
checked on it let me see how it's doing
oh my God Junior your macaroni dragon
has 4 million likes whoa dude your
Instagram famous what four million likes
I mean I know it's good but I didn't
think that many people would like it
Junior you're never gonna believe who
commented on your picture who Stone Cold
Steve Austin the wrestler yeah he says
man this [ __ ] is Stone Cold and then he
says what's your address buddy and then
he said I'm gonna kick your ass actually
I don't know if you like it or not well
let me see if he messaged me oh guys he
direct message me ooh I don't I don't
think he likes it dude he commented on
your thing three times he definitely
likes it well you remember that world
record egg picture he he didn't like
that one either I think he just hates
viral pictures on Instagram oh who's at
the door I really hope it's not Stone
Cold Steve Austin well let me go see
hello hey there you're the kid that made
that macaroni Dragon yeah well you're
gonna be huge I tell you huge who are
you I'm Steve stalberger talent agent in
macaroni art enthusia have you ever
thought about going pro pro and what
well becoming a professional macaroni
artist of course I didn't know that was
a thing of course it's a thing a lot of
people dream of being professional
macaroni artists in fact tonight is the
macaroni artist Super Bowl with the two
best macaroni artists in the world go
head to head and I think you've got what
it takes well I've only ever made one
macaroni art oh come on kid I've seen
your art and if Stone Cold Steve Austin
wants to beat your ass that means it's
good he hates really good macaroni art
it's the highest compliment you can get
really yeah so come on you in uh I guess
I'll do it okay be at the Super Bowl at
8pm okay but I don't know where it's at
I'll figure it out who is at the door
Genie it was some old guy saying he
wanted me to compete in the Super Bowl
of macaroni
the [ __ ] what the Super Bowl of
macaroni dude that definitely is made up
no he sounded real he sounded like he
meant it and he said I'm competing
against another guy who's good at
Macaroni art are you really sure yeah
he's at the eight o'clock tonight it's
tonight tonight definitely made up bro
yeah no sounds like someone just came
into the front door oh no I hope it's
not Stone Cold Steve Austin bro if it's
Stone Cold Steve Austin I'm out of here
without Joseph don't leave who is that
what's up [ __ ] what are you doing in
my house I'm just trying to see who I'm
up against in the macaroni Super Bowl
but you're the guy I'm gonna verse yeah
are you even good am I good you see this
black guy Stone Cold Steve Austin gave
me that he hit me with a stone cold
stunner in the parking lot this morning
when I was at the grocery store buying
macaroni for the Super Bowl oh so I
guess you are good yeah and I can tell
you you're not very good because Stone
Cold Steve Austin would have already
kicked your ass by now well he's trying
to no he's not hold on my phone's
ringing guys it's Stone Cold Steve
Austin he's calling me
hello hey a Stone Cold Steve Austin
Steve I saw your little macaroni doodle
it was cool too cool so whatever I'd
find you I'm gonna kick your ass I'm
gonna let drop you through a table you
little punk well why do you hate my
drawing so much I mean
it was really cool look at it
wow kid you must be really good Stone
Cold Steve Austin was really mad I think
he broke his phone there yeah I guess
that means I am really good at Macaroni
yard and I guess that means I have a
chance to beat you then oh no you're
never gonna beat me I've been practicing
macaroni art my entire life why would
you do that well it all started with one
man macaroni Jones who's macaroni Jones
oh I'll tell you the story so I was in
elementary school and we were making
macaroni art and I made a smiley face
and I thought it was the best smiley
face you could make as a third grader so
I called the teacher over and I was like
Mrs Williams look and she gave me a
thumbs up so I was like [ __ ] yeah I got
a thumbs up that's me but then there he
was macaroni Jones he made a dinosaur
out of macaroni like I'm talking it was
gorgeous I thought it was a real
dinosaur his art was so good and Mrs
Williams saw it and said hey look class
look how good macaroni Jones's art is in
the entire class clapped and cheered and
this one kid even pulled his eyes out
and said I never want to see anything
ever again because I've seen it all now
I want that macaroni art to be the last
thing I ever see D so that pissed me off
so I went home that night and I got a
bucket of glue and a box of macaroni and
I stayed up all night to try to make
macaroni art better than his then I went
to school the next day and said hey Mrs
Williams check this [ __ ] out I made the
best possible tree out of macaroni and
Mrs Williams said very nice guy and it
broke my heart very nice that's it [ __ ]
then everyone heard a honk outside and
we looked out the window and macaroni
Jones pulled up in his macaroni car he
made an entire car out of macaroni you
should have seen the kid with no eyes he
pulled his ears off after that he said
that was the last thing he ever wanted
to hear because it was so beautiful I
even heard macaroni Jones made his
entire house out of macaroni he even put
a feather in his cap and called it
macaroni so I vowed from that day
forward to be the best at Macaroni yard
I never heard what happened to Macaroni
Jones after that but I think he might be
the quarterback for the New England
Patriots now oh wow well what kind of
macaroni art have you made since then
well I can't tell you that I wouldn't
want to give you any ideas but just know
I'm not going to hold back just because
you're a little kid you better bring it
you're gonna have to do a hell of a lot
better than some shitty little macaroni
Dragon get good scrub wow Cody he was a
meanie beanie yeah meanie beanie indeed
wow Jenny you have a lot of pressure you
have to compete with him and Stone Cold
Steve Austin's trying to kick your ass
yeah well I can't back down I have to go
to the Macaroni Super Bowl hello and
welcome to the Macaroni art Super Bowl
sponsored by Craft Elmer's glue and
paper today we have the two best
macaroni artists in the world facing off
to see who can make the best macaroni
art we'll be starting soon Hey kid good
luck tonight thanks I hope you [ __ ]
lose I hope you break your fingers
trying to glue the macaroni to the paper
because there's no way you're gonna win
there's no way you're gonna beat my
macaroni tree I've been practicing that
since third grade wait [ __ ] did I just
say what I was gonna make no that's not
what I meant I meant I mean I'm making
broccoli no [ __ ] that still looks too
much like a tree not not that I'm making
a tree because I'm not no I'm making a
cauliflower no that still looks like a
tree which is not what I'm making it's
not a tree it's a it's actually a it's a
tree house that's still a tree but it's
not a tree it's definitely not a tree
it's a stump I'm making a stump all
right you know what [ __ ] it I'm making a
treat okay but you're not gonna beat it
it's gonna be the best tree you've ever
seen it's gonna be a photo realistic
treat it's gonna look just like the real
thing okay you know what I dare you make
a treat go ahead try it it's not gonna
beat mine try it all right we're ready
to start on your work get set go
oh
have a head start all right time's up
let's see what you made well kid I think
I outdid myself this time Behold a tree
the Mighty Oak just look at the detail
the bark the whole well guy let's see
what you did this time oh look at that a
tree for the 25th year in a row but this
one might just be your best thank you
very much sir I tried very hard on it
well let's see what you did Junior well
Sonya paper appears to be empty he
choked looks like I win well no look
this is what I made
totally Jumping Jesus that's a fully
functional macro
he learned from macaroni Jones [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ]
I'll leave this right
I guess we have
Heavens I hate you so what do I win for
making this nothing you just win wait I
don't get a trophy or anything nope but
go post that
[Applause]
okay
it doesn't roll well on carpet oh well
how did the Super Bowl go I won
oh cool wait did you get a ring or
something no they don't really give
anything for winning well do you even
have any proof that you won no what okay
well does this thing even exist you know
it existed and I won I made a macaroni
car oh that's I mean that's cool how'd
you do that well I just built a Lego car
and glued macaroni on it I feel like
they would have disqualified you if they
knew that well I don't think there's any
rules that it was just a guy
oh
wait what was that the thought at the
door hello oh I told you Stone Cold was
gonna get you don't you dare make good
macaroni or ever again
[Music]