Morgan Murphy Marvin we're three months
past due on our bills how do we get so
behind it's because you don't have a job
you don't have a job either my job is to
sit here and look pretty well you don't
do that job very well Marvin go get a
job well no one's hiring when's the last
time you tried it's been a long time hey
Daddy I need a new TV because the TV in
my room is broken how'd you break it I
don't know come see
Jeffy I don't notice anything wrong with
this TV you don't see that see what the
big ax Mark right there no I don't see
an act smart you don't see this
tell me what the hell's what I would do
I can't help it it's my brain my old
mommy said it was broken oh your ass
about me broken when I beat it
I can't believe this
down take a deep breath now start from
the beginning Daddy hit my TV with the
action broke it what Jeffy you are so
grounded Marvin how can to break jeffy's
TV with an ax oh hell no I didn't do it
he did it don't blame Jeffy yeah don't
blame me [ __ ] Jeffy language Marvin
we can't afford to buy Jeffy a new TV
you hear that Jeffy we can't afford to
buy your new TV because we're in so much
debt wonder why don't you go get a job
because all you do all day is sit on
your butthole and scratch it and sniff
it yeah Marvin you need to get a job
well no one's hiring well let's check
online oh look Marvin the neighbors
across the street are looking for a pool
cleaner I'm not gonna clean their pool
but they're paying fifty dollars an hour
that's a lot of money we'll go across
the street and see if they'll hire you
to clean their pool
oh okay I'll go over there
I can't believe I'm doing this
hello hello welcome to our home draw
your room [ __ ] yes you sound like
[ __ ] and practice your vocals sorry
about that Marvin uh he thinks he's
gonna be part of the Sydney Opera one
day but he's got a lot of practice in
ahead of him okay so what do you want
Marvin I'm here for the pool job oh yeah
the pole job better be grateful that
you're not here for the rim job because
my tires are dirty
so can I go see the pool yeah the Pond's
back this way come on Marvin okay okay
Marvin you see the leaves in the pool
yeah well I'm gonna need you to get them
out with this thing just like this see
that oh that's easy oh yeah all right
now you see the leaves at the bottom of
the pool I need you to take a snorkel
and go down there and get those too okay
okay all right and if you need anything
I'll be mowing my lawn why didn't he
just hand it to me oh poor boy yes Ma'am
why don't you come over here and put
some lotion on my back Well ma'am I
really just need to clean the pool
that's my job and my front ma'am can you
please put a shirt on that's very
inappropriate oh come on now don't be
shy well do I absolutely have to you
want to get paid don't you
on your back yeah that's nice now get my
front uh you're like you want me to
touch your mm-hmm well I have to go use
the bathroom well hurry back now you
rascal honey are all the leaves out of
the pool oh that's sexy pool boy's just
lazy I told him to get those leaves and
he's been taking a bathroom break for
over an hour oh oh people just don't
want to work in this economy you go get
him honey I will I'm gonna put a hooker
new foot down ah so weird so Marvin did
they hire you what the neighbors across
the street oh no they already hired a
pool boy there was someone already doing
it oh that sucks Marvin that's okay we
can keep looking oh look Marvin there's
a dog pooper scooper job I'm not gonna
pick up dog poop
oh Marvin go get the door well I I
really don't want to please Marvin okay
hello now Marvin I gave you a fantastic
opportunity to make money getting the
leaves out of my pool now gosh doing it
why couldn't you do it well you see Mr
hucker do I was just uncomfortable and
comfortable getting in my pool oh you
can't swim no I can swim nothing to be
embarrassed about Marvin my wife is a
phenomenal swimming instructor and
she'll have you Swimming by the end of
the day no she can hold her breath for a
minute believe me no you don't
understand I'll send my wife right over
and she'll teach you how to swim in your
bathtub no no no no baby steps Marvin
baby steps no I can swim don't send her
over oh darn it who was at the door
Marvin oh it was a girl scouts selling
cookies oh did you buy some no we can't
afford it we're in debt oh but I like
cookies well how about you like air
because air is free ain't dang I just
realized that you paid 994 dollars for
gas when I have some gas right here for
free
oh you're disgusting Jeff you're so
disgusting oh lemon there's someone at
the door again oh no one answered no one
answered the door why because since I
didn't buy Girl Scout cookies they said
they were going to hire a gang of guys
to beat me up oh don't be ridiculous
Marvin I'll go get it no don't answer
don't answer it
Marvin you didn't tell me you couldn't
swim I know how to swim you don't have
to be embarrassed Marvin Mrs huckardoo
came over and told me they hired you for
the pool job but you quit because you
couldn't swim oh is that why I quit you
don't have to worry Marvin you'll be
Swimming by the end of the day I'll go
draw a bath I'm not taking those
swimming lessons Marvin go take your
lesson I know how to swim she's lying to
you so what
pool job so you lied yes but that's the
only thing I lied about everything now
is the truth so they hired me for the
pool job and then she wanted me to rub
lotion on her back yeah so she wouldn't
get a sunburn no it was not sunscreen it
was regular Lubriderm lotion Marvin I'm
sure it was fine no and then she rolled
over and want me to grab her boobies
Marvin
swim
I'm gonna swim and she want me to grab
her boobs Marvin go take your swim
lesson okay can you come watch no what
are you five okay look come check on me
in 30 seconds what bubbles baby I'm not
doing these swimming lessons Marvin get
your butt in that tub
hey there big boy why are you naked
because clothes restrict your swimming
abilities I suggest you take yours off
too no and why are there bubbles in the
tub if I'm trying to learn to swim
because bubbles help you float better
see now give me some sugar
okay that is it I am done what's wrong
Marvin she tried to make out with me
what that is not true I was helping him
because he doesn't know how to swim he
was drowning so I was giving him
mouth-to-mouth Marvin you're freaking
out over a little CPR she put her tongue
in my mouth this is the worst case of
Hydrophobia I have ever seen I recommend
he never get in the water again Marvin
it's okay you don't have to feel bad I
know how to swim everyone's lying about
me um Marvin before I go do you mind if
I borrow a cup of sugar okay baby you go
get it it's in the kitchen what I can't
reach the top shelf okay look I will go
get the sugar but I promise you she's
gonna end up naked Marvin don't be silly
just go
okay there's the sugar you can have all
of it well I only need a cup Will you
pour it for me
for me
oh I think
I think it's on my dress well you've got
in the way do you mind if I wash my
dress here you live across the street
but my husband will kill me if I seen
this dress it won't take long no no no
and she's she's getting naked where's
your washing machine it's over here
okay your dress is in the washing
machine can you please cover yourself up
with that towel no it's already too hot
in here kind of like you okay listen I'm
married you're married we can't be doing
this I hate my life I hate my husband
all he wants to do is mow that load of
his I need a hard-working man like you
I'm not a hard-working man I wouldn't
even clean your pool remember man that
mustache shut up and kiss me you fool oh
Mommy
Marvin did you give her a cup of sugar I
sure did and now she's naked in the
laundry room what what hey Daddy while
you and that lady were in the bathtub I
was hiding underneath the water and I
saw a hairy octopus with no legs so I
just saw a hairy puss Jeffy well I don't
remember seeing that in my Zoo books
Marvin how could you leave her naked
with no clothes after ruining her nice
dress I didn't ruin her dress she ruined
it and it was just sugar she could have
wiped it off well I gave her one of my
shirts to wear okay can you walk me home
it's dark outside and I'm scared no you
can walk yourself home Marvin don't be
rude I'm gonna be rude I'm tired of her
I don't want her to come on to me she
could walk herself home it's just across
the street that's fun I'll just go oh no
Marvin she left behind her pearl
necklace she did that on purpose you
need to go give it back to her no we can
mail it to her orphan they live right
across the street okay I'll go outside
I'll throw in their yard you better not
Marvin okay look I'll take it over there
but I'm only gonna give it to the
husband not the wife okay uh
okay
what the [ __ ] you doing here Marvin it's
late at night you're over here banging
on the door get you sleeping being loud
as [ __ ] oh listen I just came here to
give your wife a pearl necklace oh the
pearl necklace that old thing come on
inside take a load off get something
cold to drink I don't want to come
inside I insist mommy come on all right
Marvin Papa squat you want something
about Fiji Water no all right let's get
down to business let's cut the [ __ ]
we're both men here my wife's trying to
sleep with you I know and you're
yeah I cheated on my wife countless
times too many times to count on one
hand we'll count on the other hand oh
well in that case six I cheated on my
wife six times and I'm giving her a hall
pass to cheat on me once with any guy
she wants she wants you Marvin I'm so
honored you should be this is your one
opportunity to do a hook or do I don't
want to do a Huck or do I want you guys
to leave me alone well I need you just
to hurry up and get it on so I can get
over it you hear that Marvin the night
is young and so is I love I just came
here to give you your pearl necklace you
want to give me another one well I'm
gonna go upstairs
then you're so manly okay what if I find
you a guy with a mustache you can do him
no I only want you oh okay well I I have
an idea how about we turn off all the
lights and then oh I I will give you
that that mean sausage okay Marvin okay
let me go turn off all the lights don't
keep me waiting okay all the lights are
off can you see me no okay that's good
okay I'll be right back what I'll be
right back you just stayed naked on that
couch you keep it stinky
okay I'm gonna get Chef PeePee and I'm
gonna ask him to do it who the hell
's not involved money listen so the lady
across the street she sells uh uh solar
panels okay and she said she'll give me
50 off if you do the nasty with her what
me do the nasty I'm a nasty individual
but why me she said that you're the
sexiest man on the planet she ain't
lying I guess she's picking some facts
yeah so can you go over there and you
know do the thing with her okay
okay come on follow me okay she's in
there on the couch all I gotta do is go
in there and give her that [ __ ] PP
loving yeah but please don't talk oh
it's also whatever you do do not turn on
the lights come on Marvin I've never
been a fan of the lights come on and she
might call you Marvin wait wait what I
told her your name was Marvin ew that's
weird well listen Just Go With It man
just get in the get in the groove you
know all right all right I could do that
yeah I'm gonna let that dog out but
please don't do that but she loves your
mustache she wants you to go crazy with
that thing oh [ __ ]
must be yeah so hold on all right here I
go
Marvin are you here yeah baby I'm here I
heard you want some paper what's with
the accent oh my bad uh let's get down
to business don't mind if I could do
finally that Situation's over with
Marvin I got her dress out of the dryer
do you want to take it over to her no
you can take it over to her tomorrow I
think they're sleeping now Marvin I came
by to get my dress and to tell you that
you were magnificent what a man Marvin
what is she talking about uh I went over
there to give her her necklace and she
gave me one more swimming lesson and she
said I'm magnificent at swimming yeah he
was well I'll see you later big boy bye
oh Marvin
man I'm in love man you are a true
friend thanks so much I hope those solar
panels are worth it too wait we're
getting solar panels oh no no no we're
not getting solar panels I realized
we're in too much debt we can't afford
it ah that sucks man uh well if you know
any girls that work at these places I'll
let your boy I could probably get you 50
off you know give her that business that
business
[Music]