hey Daddy look what I found out my lips
can
do all right Jeffy that's really
cool stop Jeffy
theu hey stop it Marvin Marvin Marvin I
bought something with your credit card
don't be mad what' you buy I got myself
a Louis Vuitton bag I've never had one
before Marvin how much did that cost
well it was originally $110,000 but
there was a scratch on it so I got it
for
$3,000 ,000 we don't even have that kind
of money a Marvin please let me keep it
I won't ask for anything else for the
rest of the year oh my God we don't have
that kind of money hey Mommy look what I
found out my lips can
do stop it
Jeffy oh there's someone at the door
hello Marvin when I uncover my eyes I
better see a fat stack of cash in your
hand for your house payment yay no house
payment for me I don't know what I was
expecting well I I just don't have the
money to make my house payment Marvin
you haven't paid a house payment in six
[ __ ] months how do you eat how do you
live how do you do anything and how the
[ __ ] are your lights still on well I can
pay those bills cuz they're not as
expensive as the house payment [ __ ]
I'm coming inside right now to look for
anything I can Pond to make money for
your house payment well all right Marvin
how much you think I can get for your
couch please don't sell our couch we
like to sit on it yeah you like to sit
on a little too much that's why I should
sell it cuz it'll motivate you to go get
a job Marvin is he going to sell our
stuff well Marvin hasn't made a house
payment in 6 months what the [ __ ] is
that this this is my new Louis Vuitton
bag Marvin got it for me I know exactly
what that is that's an endangered Nile
crocodile Louis Vuitton capucine an
endangered crocodile I didn't know that
I don't want it anymore and it cost
$30,000 $30,000 I thought it was
30,000
$30,000 Marvin I think I'm having a
heart attack me too no I'm being serious
you have $30,000 to spend on a [ __ ]
Louis Vuitton purse but don't have money
to pay your house payment well I I
didn't mean I didn't know it was that
much a callon
ambulance stop screwing around Goodman
get up call an ambulance I think you
might actually be having a heart
attack well Mr Goodman you're very lucky
to be alive we had to resuscitate you 15
times because your heart just didn't
want to beat well your heart wouldn't
want to beat either if you heard what I
heard go ahead tell them Marvin my wife
bought a $30,000 purse I'm having a
heart attack nurs I got the defibrator
paddles
Claire thank you Nurse yeah you're right
that is outrageous for a purse no way
and he doesn't even pay his house
payments either well look we have bigger
problems we took an x-ray of your heart
and it turns out your heart is way too
small you have cardio dwarfism your
heart's the size of a child's heart I
haven't seen a heart this small since
the Grinch came in for his checkup and
the only reason his heart grew three
sizes was because he learned the true
meaning of Christmas but then the next
day his heart exploded well that doesn't
make any sense cuz I was doing just fine
before I found out Marvin bought a
$30,000 purse you [ __ ] ow if you don't
get a heart transplant you're going to
die all right well then put me on the
list get the L well I don't think you
understand people wait years on that
list okay well I'm rich so let me go to
the top of the list I'll pay my way up
but you still need a donor sir sir I
came as soon as I heard the news are you
crying because you thought I almost died
no sir I'm crying because you didn't
die give me his heart I want his sir he
is very old his heart's probably going
to give out any day now anyway okay go
ahead and kill him get it over with no
he's not an ideal candidate all right
well then give me Marvin's heart he owes
me no no it can't be anybody who's alive
all right well then give me a gun no no
your ideal candidate is probably
somebody who's about 19 somebody who's
young and healthy okay well what about
my Gardener He's Cuban as [ __ ] and he
doesn't speak English so he's not going
to know what you're saying just go up to
him and say k s say Taco Bell and he'll
start hopping and then he'll get right
in the car cuz he's thinking he's going
to go to Taco Bell no no it has to be
somebody who's died recently if you find
me somebody who died in a car accident I
could use their heart okay well before I
go there's one more thing I'd like you
to take a look at I have a golf ball
siiz bump on my Wier oh I can take a
look oh oh sweet Jesus oh that is
massive oh sir you've been blessed by
God mhm wow but I didn't see a bump oh
there's no bump I just wanted you to see
it oh are you okay hi come on Marvin you
have a heart to find me okay Marvin you
find me a heart right now why me because
you're the one who caused all this no
your heart was already small Marvin if
you don't find me a heart I swear to God
I'm going to take that $30,000 purse and
give it to one of my girlfriends so she
can scoop cat [ __ ] with it but I was
going to return it okay then return it
and give me the money so Marvin can
finally make a house payment return the
purse okay Marvin do you think they can
turn it back into a crocodile no I think
he's dead Okay Marin you find me a heart
right now where am I going to find a
heart at I don't know ches get in here
now speak what do you want sir good boy
chives find me a heart but I don't know
where to find a heart sir spanking ow ow
tight tush look we don't know where to
find a heart cuz the person has to be
dead H who's someone that I wish they
were dead me sir no someone else your
maid sir oh yes kener go get her very
well sir you're going to kill your maid
I'm going to try to do you call for me
Mr Goodman yes I Don't Want You to
Breathe anymore oh do you want me to try
to be my record yes okay let me thank
you hold on not in here not in here we
got to go in the other room oh okay see
see Marvin I'll be right back with a
corpse Marvin I'm in love I think I'm
getting married why did you blow my nose
because I didn't want you to breathe
Marvin 5 minutes and 37 seconds of No
Air I think George your welcome juice is
in my lungs oh and I also think she has
pneumonia so go ahead and get ready for
the wedding okay thank you well if she's
not dead who's else whose heart are you
going to get now H who else do I hate oh
my son Richard ches go get Richard very
well CH what do you want Dad what do
your grades look like D's and Fs that's
it you're done you're grounded from your
heart what the [ __ ] does that mean
chives kill him how should I kill him
sir with a guillotine but sir we don't
own a guillotine well then buy one wait
before you kill your son you should make
sure he's even a good candidate for his
heart cuz he is a kid okay well then
take him to Mike Snicker piet's office
and see what he thinks who's Mike
Snicker pippet the doctor that's not his
name all right well then Dr Snicker
pippits I don't give a [ __ ] just take
them come on Dr Snicker pippet the [ __ ]
you just call me Mr Goodman wants to
know if his son's a good candidate for
the heart transplant no he's too young
and he's still alive his heart's not
going to be any bigger than Goodman's no
we need a adult Dr Snicker pippet why is
everyone calling me that we have a
trauma that just came in a car accident
78 years old well Mom you were in a car
accident I'm a little bit drunk well you
shouldn't be drinking and driving I was
on FaceTime and you shouldn't be on your
phone oh I wasn't on my phone you know
your boy Simmons he was giving me
FaceTime he was looking up my entire
bowl of clam Chow with discharge like a
dog when he sees you when you come home
from work happy as [ __ ] e e my mom stop
yeah I didn't know my car had a need a
tongue to sit on Mom you're not even
injured just go home wait why don't we
give her heart to Mr Goodman oh she
doesn't even have a heart and believe me
if she did you wouldn't want it she
drinks like a fish and she smokes like a
train a pack a day 12 oh she upgraded
okay well Mr Goodman still needs a heart
can I get a heart from here you're not
going to find one here wait it's a
hospital don't they have hearts like in
the freezer no just go Brookie what are
you doing you're playing dress up like
you're some sort of doctor or something
I am a doctor it says it right on my
shirt you're not even a real doctor your
stethoscope is so to your stupid shirt
well Goodman the doctor said Your son's
heart won't work cuz he's still alive
and he's too young damn I sure wish my
buddy Jeffrey was still alive I could
just go to his Island and pick any heart
I want Marvin I returned the purse but
they told me the best they could do for
me was give me inore credit oh I feel
like I'm having another heart attack you
didn't get the money back I'm having a
really hard day Marvin look I also ran
over this squirrel why would you bring a
dead squirrel in the house because I
felt bad for it o maybe I can use the
squirrel's heart and if it works that'll
be nuts you can't use a squirrel's heart
it's an animal and it's too small hey
Danny can I vote for president this year
yes Jeffy you can vote you're 19 years
old H 19 years old Marvin how much do
you like your son eh I'll give you a
million dollar for his heart right now a
million do no yeah she's right no uh
yeah you you can't have his heart also I
think he has a heart condition he has
tardia all right Marvin well I can
either give you a million doll for his
heart right now or I can just get it for
free tonight if something magically
happens to him nothing's going to happen
to Jeffy all right we'll see about that
I think Goodman's going to try to kill
Jeffy I hope not so word on the streets
that you're looking to get
somebody got yeah I need you to kill
someone sh hey man be quiet I don't want
to police hear in this [ __ ] have you
even ever killed anybody before oh yeah
you see all these teardrops under my eye
one drop for each person I killed okay
so six yes six so how you want me to do
it you you want me to like stab him to
death I don't care how you do it just
don't damage the heart cuz I need that
okay can I shoot him with a shotgun I
don't care just don't hit the heart H
and also if you don't mind could you cut
the heart out for me oh yeah I I've done
that tons of times okay thank you goer
you godamn son [ __ ] I thought I told
you to clean out the chicken coop I
already did that Paul I done told you I
scooped all the [ __ ] and put it in your
garden [ __ ] your name's gooper oh yeah I
don't believe a man named gooper has
ever killed anyone before h come on give
me a chance I finally get to use Paul's
shotgun all right gooper go get her
done hell
yeah time to die Marvin it sounded like
someone kicked the door in and said time
to die no they didn't you're just
hearing things no she's not time to die
please no don't kill Jeffy please oh
what I'm getting paid a million dollars
to do this [ __ ] any last words give it
goggle [ __ ]
he had the gun backwards I don't think
he's ever done this before is Jeffy dead
where's the heart no jeffy's not dead
your assassin shot himself God damn it
gooper wait why don't you just take his
heart well I don't want a heart from
someone named gooper hey guys I was
looking at this X-ray and it turns out
that's not actually Goodman's heart
that's just a little heart sticker that
my daughter put on the X-ray machine you
know what no more bringing Kids To Work
wait so if that's not Goodman's heart is
his heart okay yeah yeah his heart's
fine but he had a heart attack well I
guess that was just how much shock he
was in it how much money she spent on
that purse oh well well there's a dead
body behind the couch if you want to get
his heart yeah his name's gooper what
[Music]