hey D look I'm a helicopter Jeffy watch
where you swinging those beads you might
hit me in the face you hit me in the
face Jeffy oh can I have them yeah take
them yeah hey Daddy one time I was on
the internet I saw this girl and she
pulled beads out of her butt but you
shouldn't be watching a video like that
but there were way bigger than this
Danny they were like the size of
baseballs and when she pulled them out
of her butt they
went like she was pulling bubble wrap
out of her ass I don't want to hear it
Jeffy shut up but daddy why would she do
that what I don't know Jeffy I don't
know why she that pull beads out of her
butt I don't know let's watch the news
just stop talking about
[Music]
that bring news okay happy Marty gr
since it's Fat Tuesday the annual Fat
Tuesday competition where contestants
will try to get as fat as they can today
on Tuesday will be held and if you're a
fat enough piece of [ __ ] you could win a
million dollars so come on down and join
the competition I know I'm going to
join a million dollars just to be the
fattest person in town by the end of the
day well when you say it all together
like that it kind of sounds stupid
Marvin how come our town is always
randomly giving out large amounts of
money for the stupidest things where's
all this money coming from who's funding
this baby don't question a free handout
I don't think you can get that fat by
tonight there are people who are fat
professionally they're fat every day of
the year they love it yeah I don't know
how we're going to out fat a naturally
fat person but it is Fat Tuesday we have
to try Danny why is it called Fat
Tuesday is there a chubby Monday or a
lard ass Wednesday Wednesday or damn
[ __ ] you fat as [ __ ] Thursday I don't
know why it's called Fat Tuesday but it
is Marty Gro and you get beads today so
oh is this the day that girls pull these
beads out of their butt I no they don't
do that th this today they don't do that
well they did it in the video and and I
don't know if I watched it on a Tuesday
or maybe she did it on a Tuesday either
way I knew it Jeffy stop like we're
going to order McDonald's and what do
you want from McDonald's baby I don't
know Marvin but you know I like to eat
sticky wee we cream Jeffy please just
stop saying random [ __ ] like that hey
dny guess what my sock calls me what the
Creator because of the C okay that is it
I'm going to order as much McDonald's
we're all going to get fat cuz if one of
us gets fat we all get a million dollars
[ __ ] yeah okay guys all the food is here
I got a triple Big Mac stack of chicken
nugget shishkabobs and a sex tupple
pounder pounder I hardly know her sex
tupple is what you said yes Jeffy sex
Tuple means six of something like single
double triple quadruple sex tupple Jeffy
you have to say tble afterwards and I
got you a meat Mountain from Arby's oh
meat Mountain dick with sticky wee we
cream all over it stop saying that word
Jeffy it's called meat Mountain cuz
there's a lot of beef it's like monster
beef yeah that's why I typed in the
search bar monster beef girl can't
handle this monster beef but when I
watched the video she looked like she
sure could handle that monster Jeff shut
up and stop talking D the cheese on this
sandwich looks like the cheese on the
tip of M Peter Peter I hardly know her
everyone stop talking everyone's
literally shut up we have to eat all
this food you have to eat every little
bite Marvin we can't eat all this it's
going to make us sick listen I don't
care it's worth a million dollar if you
eat all this food we could possibly get
a million dollars so everyone I want you
to clean your plate I want to see
nothing left on the plate that's what
they said in the [ __ ] video shut up
Jeffy man I'm so
fat I don't know if I'm full or if I'm
pregnant from all the sticky wee wee
cream guys we got to keep eating there's
still food left on our plates Marvin I
can't eat any any more I'm going to be
sick yeah Daddy the only way food's
going to get inside me without any
resistance is if I shove it in my ass
what Le I need some more milkshake yeah
me too I'm going to sh it like a nipple
I can't reach it okay look we have to go
to the fat competition so everyone get
upin I can't get
up I can't move I can't I won't be able
to walk I'm so fat give that I can't get
up either Marvin it's impossible I'm
call a doctor maybe he can get some
Wheelchairs and take us to the
competition suck it hey there somebody
call a doctor fat fat fat bunch of
fatties bunch of fat [ __ ] thank you
yeah thank you what what kind of world
is this where the bullying isn't working
they like being called fat well we want
to be fat it's Fat Tuesday oh was this
about that stupid fat competition yeah
we want that million dollars okay well I
got to warn you you definitely don't
have a chance of winning my fat ex-wife
has got that [ __ ] in the bag as soon as
she shows up they just hand her the
money cuz she's so fat I mean I think
she's a trillionaire from winning so
many fat competitions actually you know
what you might have a chance cuz I think
they banned her from competing cuz she's
so fat it's just not fair to the other
contestants it's like a it's like a
landslide both literally and
figuratively you know why they call it
Fat Tuesday it's because my ex-wife is
so fat she got kicked out of a Ruby
Tuesday for eating the entire salad bar
and I said hey let her do it it's the
first time she's had a salad in her
entire life but no she was just dumping
all the bacon bits and ham and cheese
into her mouth that [ __ ] has never
touched a vegetable in her life unless
it's lettuce on a cheese Burger you know
after she dies there's still going to be
fat left over cuz there's no way all of
that fat could possibly decompose before
the sun explodes so like those companies
that Harvest like whale blubber for like
makeup and lipstick and [ __ ] after my
ex-wife dies they don't need whales
anymore they could just Harvest her
blubber cuz she's so goddamn fat see on
her driver's license she's not an organ
donor she's a fat donor cuz after she
dies they're going to take her fat and
give it to anorexic people like reverse
lipos suction just put the fat right
back in them anyway what' you guys eat
well my daddy made me eat sticky wee we
cream off his meat Mountain um should I
put on my cop outfit and I I really
don't like how you said he made you well
no listen he he did eat the meat
Mountain but it had Horsey Sauce on it
what the [ __ ] does Horsey Sauce there's
a horse involved what's happening no no
there's a meat Mountain from Arby's the
big meat the oh from arbez cuz they have
the meats okay yeah yeah that that makes
sense um so like um what do you need for
me oh well we're so fat we can't really
move and I was wondering if you could
have help us try to move like
wheelchairs or something oh a wheelchair
chair yeah my fat ex-wife needed
wheelchairs to get around too you know
she's like those people in my 600 lb
life that are so fat they just they just
sit in bed cuz they can't do anything
else they just sit there all day and how
do they [ __ ] they just they just [ __ ]
right there in the bed they just they
just [ __ ] they make like a little world
of [ __ ] in the bed and their fat rolls
it's like it's like Osmosis Jones of
[ __ ] there's a whole little whole little
Community going on in there and the [ __ ]
can you imagine what that room smells
like it's all just piss and [ __ ] and old
food E I don't I don't want to think
about it anymore it's so [ __ ] up ew
yeah can you get us wheelchairs yeah
wheelchairs you said that yes I I can do
that he talks a lot yeah there you go wa
w w don't tip over you might cause an
earthquake you fat [ __ ] we this is fun
careful don't break that wheelchair it's
not covered by your insurance nothing is
these days all right just roll
yourselves down to the where do they
have the fat competition like like the
convention center sure as hell isn't the
gym I know that like McDonald's golden
coral that sounds right okay uh can you
give me a push uh yeah
sure baby have you seen my car keys
Marvin you're too fat to drive you won't
even fit in the car we have to drive it
would take hours to roll to the
convention center o donkey a layers of
creamy cream therine cheesecake come
here you
yummy oh I can't wait to lick in between
every single one of your little cracks
and I don't care if you wipe because I
didn't wipe am I in heaven no I must be
in pizza because of the leing Tower of
cheese
cake what do you want DOI and and why
are you fat as holy hell well there's a
fat competition and the fattest person
gets a million dollars oh so you're
telling me I could get a million dollars
just for being sexy well you have to be
really fat and you're definitely fatter
than me and Rose combined so please
don't join cuz you definitely probably
would win that's super rude donkey I
want to join so I'm going to eat all of
this cheesecake and then I'm going to
join your little fat competition well
have you seen my car keys oh they're
right there donkey
donkey are you trying to blow ass let me
show you how it's
done oh God get away for that bright ass
don't get Hur get out of here get out of
here oh
God come here
you hello and welcome to Fat Tuesday's
fattest fat ass competition on this Fat
Tuesday all the fattest fatos in town
have rolled out tonight to see what
they're made of which is mostly fat so
if you walked in here tonight you're
automat ially disqualified cuz there are
fatter [ __ ] than you that can't even
carry their own big fat weight around
now it's time to put your money where
your food is in your big fat [ __ ]
belly now let's get this competition
started and start the
judging that's a big [ __ ] right there
oh he's oh he's really fat how does he
even tie his shoes I bet he can't even
fit in the shower I bet he doesn't even
try to shower he's probably stinky being
all fat like that big fat [ __ ]
all right now it's time for the judging
oh no way baby they have pizza Marvin
there's no way you have any more room
left to eat maybe just two or three
slices L
rer what Goodman what are you doing here
I only joined for the million dollars
plus I can afford o zic and also kinger
gave me a Fat Sweaty blumpkin earlier
and she fingered my belly button hole
the whole time um okay okay everybody
it's time to start the official judging
starting with you wa fat [ __ ] alert we
got a fat [ __ ] here thank you oh do me
do me oh no tubby took a tumble what's
the matter tubby you can't get up you're
too fat you're like a big tubby Turtle
trapped on his back what about me holy
heart disease you're already on your
deathbed or do me what my God that's the
fattest [ __ ] I've ever seen I have no
choice but to name you today's Fat
Tuesday fattest fat ass what what's that
could it be an even fatter fat ass holy
fat van boal no wait just a cheesecake
second if anyone's fat here it's me my
God you've got to be the fattest fat ass
here you win wait I'm fatter than he is
oh you are pretty goddamn fat well it
looks like we've got ourselves a fat off
it's gone into overweight I I mean
overtime looks like I'm going to have to
break out the tape measure and head over
there cuz you sure as hell can't come to
me all right you fat sacks of [ __ ] let's
see which one of you is fatter I got to
be careful not to get pulled into your
gravitational pole oh wow you're pretty
[ __ ] fat now let's try you oh wow
you're really fat too but L ass here is
just a little bit fatter congratulations
L ass you win yay a million dollars for
me chives get in here and carry me what
sir I really can't chives I [ __ ] my
pants you [ __ ] your pants sir yeah where
else was I supposed to go the bathroom I
can't I'm big oh very well sir I'll try
my
best oh my back damn it CH you weren't
even trying
there you go thanks for the OIC doctor I
feel skinnier already me too yeah my
ex-wife is terrified of this stuff I
spray it out her to scare her away when
she's visiting our daughter cuz she's
terrified of being skinny she really
wants to stay fat she's like a bear
hibernating for the winter but like
permanently she's just like eating all
the food she can to like Store It Up in
case the world runs out of food which
it's going to because she's eating it
all anyway how'd the competition go I I
take it you didn't win cuz you don't
have a million dollars no somebody who
didn't deserve it one yeah that is how
these tend to go I mean we can't have
you get a million dollars cuz then you
don't have any problems and there's
nothing to make videos about is there no
yeah so I'm just going to wash this off
and go reuse it on my other patients
like I always do
[Music]