all right like you should get off the TV
I'll put my switch oh okay I see what's
going on here you think you can come in
here tell me what to do we'll let me
tell you something my boy
maple ham Lincoln Navigator in 1800 the
answer my pants pronunciation so that
means the Emancipation Proclamation me
rapping you set it wrong and you're
playing the PlayStation all day I just
wanna play the switch well of course you
are you the sign at the door you
want to answer that
oh okay you still think you can tell me
what to do let me tell you something
boat my man Marty Rufus King had a dream
that dream was for me to keep playing my
game oh I'll bet you still mad about the
Little Mermaid - what
yeah you think we can't swim we take it
census see we got a polka hot green oh
okay we gotta move on Tina and then
frozen teeth loose and then we take it
quicker is stitch mm mm you see that you
go hello hello
I guess there's nobody here what a baby
I can't take cares of them no mo oh she
looks just like you
[Music]
yeah and also there was a note Levin it
says I can't take care of him no more
sign boo Kiki Kiki I told her not to be
calls me no mo so what is your kid the
kid because I checked on me flicked it
off and so I couldn't have kids after
day insect on me yeah it was a bug you
mean mastectomy no I know my plane it's
like you have to take care of your kid
it's your kids so you have to take care
of it you understand that fireboat yes
I'll take care of it
you killed him do it again this time I
go to the roof like you have a kid an
actual kill of your kid and care for
them you don't take care of them they
put up for adoption walk yeah I just
drove off I talked to your son maybe I
was your son in the truck for him so you
don't take care of him okay you don't
have to oh well maybe this will change
your mind though look what just came in
the mail we just got some welfare we
just got some well we just got some
welfare well block you the reason why
they give you more money because they
know you have a kid and when the
government knows you have a kid you
can't afford it and they give you more
money to take care of him so that give
you more money they give you more money
doesn't matter they give you money to
take care of your kid so now you have
the money to take care of your son and
you should do that
right there you should use the spin on
your son and take care of them and love
him because he's your son your one and
only son that you know of and you should
take care of him and love him and treat
him with love and respect
you'll have one kid use that money right
there to spit on your kid and take care
of them be a good father son well
Benjamin freckle says otherwise just
need to keep all these kids so we can
keep getting that cash all that money
the gum ELPS what $25,000 a month yeah
you need to go get you some kids no it's
wrong well you see these kids are gonna
grow up one day then they're gonna get
jobs and then they gonna take care of me
like for example she's gonna be in the
WNBA now ready she ain't gonna make that
much but that's okay cuz big boy over
here he's gonna be the whole NFL every
team and when I get mad he just gonna
eat on the plate
block Yoshi why they look so mean cuz he
is me focus big boy big boy
no big block you gotta say it with me
for big boy big boy little boy big boy
big boy
hey you goes out say hi hi big one mmm
see there you go and what are these
white kids over here gonna be president
yelps president that's okay though cuz
they steal in cones
well block you she still get rid of them
I can't because I got too attached to
him I already started naming them
you're not start naming all these kids
yes I did polite he go go quicker right
here quick up yeah
King Kong Kisha Henry got Fried Chicken
Isha and then oh cool Andre that's one
of my favorites
hey over here
we got salt and pepper and then we got
Stone Cold Steve actually in it right on
the hook this one right here that's pop
mangini co and over here we got salad
dressing tongs roof and then hard oh
right in this one right here there's
another one of my favorites is on
anon anon anon anon anon I'll bet me any
you go move why would you move well I'll
sitting here naming them and there she
was in the way I said out away is Oh her
name her name move oh there go Skaggs
Skaggs yeah man I don't even know
he better be alive though cuz if me
alright peace kegs
[Music]
twenty-four babies have gone missing at
a local park more on the story as it
develops more like bar only did you frog
the government because this was my big
boy better put your sister down don't
you mean trading Bertie were like that
yeah she was gonna own a whopper one day
you're gonna go to jail well they're
gonna find out who be done why cuz you
go snitch no block you bet when all
these kids grow up they're gonna want to
know who their real father is how are
you gonna feed all these kids so I got
that covered right here
fried chicken in a bottle you better be
ready
these kids by folk that's a little
suspicious what this vicious officer
well when you answered the door you
would pull and then you turned around
and yell what sounded like a code to
somebody who's upstairs who I can only
assume is probably a fugitive I'm just
playing a game with my kid like you know
like that really cuz in that story the
big bad wolf is the bad guy in the three
little pigs are hiding inside a house
when the big bad wolf shows up so you
can see how that's a little weird to me
yeah but you're just overthinking it you
know just you must have a long day yeah
I don't think I'm overthinking it you
know because our Liat
twenty four kids were kidnapped from a
park whoa that's the law yeah that is a
lot that's a lot of kids to just all go
missing at once just one swoop 24 kids
just just gone yeah what would make you
think they're at my house well because
every time I come here something bad is
always happening and I've literally
never been wrong but this time you are
because there's not there's not 24 kids
in my house right okay well I'm gonna
come in and search anyway because I get
probable cause take somebody to prison
see nothing to see here something feels
kind of off about this couch I just
gotta watch that that's what it was
no no it's definitely not that it kind
of stinks actually it smells like a like
a dirty diaper so that's me that's me I
smell like a dirty diaper I wear adult
diapers now I'm at the I'm at the age
where I can't hold it I I saw you wait
wait wait wait wait wait I hear
something like a like a muffled muffled
crying is something I'm really hungry
eating all day
what would you for dinner I actually
haven't had dinner yet I had a burger
for lunch but that was a while ago
oh you want a microwaveable macaroni and
cheese cup it yeah you know what I think
I will take a microwaveable macaroni and
cheese go sounds pretty good let's go to
the kitchen wait wait wait wait is that
a baby
that's that sched Scaggs get off my
nephew Scaggs his parents left him here
I got to watch them for a while
hey Skaggs he's sleeping oh yeah okay I
can see that yes oh don't don't bother
scag but let's just go to the kitchen
and get you guys go to the kitchen okay
all right are you ready for your
macaroni and cheese Cup I want to pour
the cheese all right open up the
microwave
you can't eat it because my microwave is
broken well I mean I could probably fix
it oh no III pooped in it and I wanted
to see what happened if you microwave
poop and that's what I did do it well
why would you do that I want to see what
color turned it broke the microwave when
I put the poop oh yes you can eat no you
can't this is dumb yeah let's just go
upstairs I could not believe you would
offer man a microwaveable macaroni and
cheese cup and then not give it to him
unbelievable I forgot my microwave was
broken look are you done searching
everywhere are you satisfied yeah I
guess I thought for sure the babies
would be here though I gotta think about
this what is it poking into my head what
is that baby's leg oh you're under
arrest Mario the more kids you had the
government will give them more money for
assistance okay alright so that's fraud
and kidnapping he's going to prison yeah
they found out what you did I made time
to go to plan B how much money you've
all won it bribe a police officer no no
I'm just gonna confiscate all that money
anyway when I arrest you
yeah but you have to go to jail you
committed a huge crime Oh block Yoshi
you have to go to jail because you
kidnapped your fraud and you just tried
to bribe them so that's another charge
yeah all right let me just collect all
these babies so I can return them to the
parents and then I'm gonna arrest you
chicken Isha this one move move yeah
okay there goes Stone Cold Steve Ashley
I think this is the last baby bar rock
paper Suzy boo and then after this black
Yoshi you're going to jail okay
Oh Blanco she think what you did you're
going to jail but you won't be able to
take care of your son but wait son yeah
black usually has a real son right there
but he's a real son yeah well I can't
take a father to jail what well it's
just not fair that all these babies get
parents and that one doesn't what are
you saying
all I'm saying I can't take black Yoshi
to jail what I'm not gonna take him to
jail what turn all these babies but I'm
not setting in to jail well what about
the money
oh I'm definitely taking the money he
can't keep that well look at that black
Yoshi the next 18 years you're gonna
take care of your son because it's
officers gonna let you go Oh mr. police
officer me yeah sure
all right come on
[Music]