hey Junior ready to go yeah dude get
your Mallet where we going to
whack-a-molanda what's guacamole land oh
come on Junior you know what
whack-a-moleland is it's the amusement
park where they let thousands of moles
loose and then you whack them and eat
cheese pizza yeah dude it's the best of
both worlds you whack MOS and go crazy
I've never heard of this place what are
you talking about Junior we've been
talking about this for months yeah dude
get your Mallet it's time to leave I
don't have a mallet you don't have a
mallet Junior they're gonna be sold out
by now well I can still get one when I
get to the whack-a-mole land right well
do you even have a ticket for the park I
need a ticket yes Junior of course you
need a ticket me and Joseph have VIP
early waxes passes that lets us get into
the park early and whack all the best
moles you know the big juicy fat ones
yeah the skinny ones aren't that fun
dude well can I still get an early
watches pass oh no they're definitely
sold out by now I mean you might be able
to get a general whack Mission pass but
then all the best molds have been
whacked by then yeah the chubby fluffy
ones okay look I'll just get a general
whack Mission and I'll meet up with you
guys wait do you have your plane ticket
why would I need a plane ticket because
whack-a-moleland is in Scotland duh
Scotland yeah home of the bagpipes dude
okay look I'll get a plane ticket right
now let me get my laptop well do you
have your passport why would I need a
passport you don't have your passport it
takes like six weeks to get a passport
well I'll rush and get another I'll get
one six weeks is rushing it me and
Joseph got ours six months ago yeah when
we got our Mallet Chef PeePee took us
dude Chef PeePee took you guys what was
I doing you said you were feeling sick
and you stayed home you said you'd get
your passport later well okay I'll find
a way to get one how about this guys how
about we just wait a few months and we
all go together well then it won't be
whack November by then well what's whack
member Junior whack member is the one
weekend out of the year in November when
the moles give birth and we get to whack
their little babies what so so I can't
whack them all any other time of the
year no only in wack member you forgot
about wacktoberfest dude oh yeah but we
missed that oh okay we have all this
guys I'll just I'll just hide in your
luggage oh no Junior there's a no
luggage policy they don't want you
taking the moles home or the cheese
pizza so so I can't go guys dude it's
time to leave Cody we gotta whack some
moles our plane leaves in an hour sorry
Junior what the guys what I want to go
to whacamole [ __ ] baby
whack the moles whack them hoes whack
the moles whack them hoes
can't wait to wear some mosa guacamole
hey Chef PeePee are you ready for
guacamole man Junior oh it's time to
kill some moles like a mole whack them
hoes I don't have a ticket oh yeah I
forgot you're not going stupid it's not
fair all my friends are going I want to
go it's not our fault you were busy on
your phone playing games or something
well there has to be where I can go
shopping can I go please the only way
you can go is if you can fake that
passport some way somehow and get a
plane ticket and get a ticket to
guacamole land oh well I'm gonna try to
get a good plane ticket and look I'll
try to fake this some way somehow you
better figure it out I gotta play in the
kitchen
oh I Gotta Wait a fact I gotta figure
password somehow
and done I just finished my passport
Junior have you seen Cody anywhere uh
they left for that whack-a-mole land
what did
what's this you're going to yeah Junior
everyone's gonna be there well do you
have a passport yeah of course I have a
passport Junior well I just finished
mine
passport oh yeah it's an official
passport look even has my picture on it
you clearly just made that and did a
really bad self-portrait no I didn't
make it it was given me by the federal
government Penelope okay so I'm gonna go
use it to go to Switzerland
said if you try using that at the
airport I'm gonna get arrested if I try
using this yes Junior you need a real
passport I didn't know I'd get arrested
if I tried to use this obviously Junior
you can't use that you're gonna get in
trouble
well how am I supposed to go then you
have to get a real passport apparently
it's gonna take too long oh my gosh well
I gotta go I don't want to be late what
no everyone's going
and I'm not gonna be here by myself oh
my God hey buddy what are you doing here
well I was just going around fixing
people's problems are you gonna fix my
problems maybe well look I need a
passport and tickets to guacamole land
and a mallet yeah I need all those
things so can you give it to me I could
what you're not well I could but I want
to make it more interesting if you can
correctly guess what number these dice
land on I'll give you the stuff you need
okay
um I'll let you know seven is the most
common I'm gonna go with eight okay
um no that's uh that's six so can I go
again nope bye
hey Junior we're back from Scotland yeah
dude check out my Mallet Mo here you
guys are back already oh yeah Junior we
whacked so many moles Cody why do you
sound like that sound like what no oh
sorry Junior whenever I go to a place
with a different accent I tend to pick
it up oh so you guys had a good time oh
Junior we had the best time like I
cornered this one mole and he looked up
at me with his little black eyes and I
just whacked the hell out of him but you
didn't have a mold back for his life
from you yeah well I exterminated an
entire mole family no way yeah they're
kids kids kids we're getting whacked
that's crazy what'd you do while we were
gone Junior well actually I did go to
whack-a-mole land really but no you
didn't Junior you didn't have a passport
I didn't need one because I went by boat
well you would still need a passport no
the captain snuck me into Switzerland it
was in Scotland yeah that's where I went
okay well we didn't see you there well
because I was part of General wack
Mission oh that makes sense that's
pretty far from the VIP section yeah I
was whacking moles so how many moles did
you act I bet you didn't whack more than
me dude uh 13. you only waxed 13 moles
Jr what were you doing sitting down yeah
rookie well I had to tie my shoe because
I didn't want to trip over the moles I'm
sorry what shoe yeah my shoe was untied
so I had to tie it Jenny you did not go
to whack-a-moleland well yes I did no
because if you did you would know
there's no shoes allowed because they
want you to feel the mole guts squish
between your toes it's an immersive
experience dude well they made an
exception for me because I have an
ingrown toenail and they didn't want me
to get rabies from the moles they don't
make exceptions for infectious yeah and
everybody knows their moles are clean
yeah they check them every week dude
well they made an exception for me I was
there and I was smashing moles huh okay
well if you were really there what size
mole whacking goggles did they give you
oh small that was a trick question they
don't give you more whacking goggles
they want you to feel the blood in your
eyes well there was a guy outside the
park selling goggles I thought that's
what you were talking about huh okay
okay how about this if you really went
What food did they start giving out when
they ran out of cheese pizza uh whack
and cheese no Junior it was chips and
guacamole you did not go to whacamole
well you guys were in VIP and then
General wack Mission they gave out
different food I guess that's possible
okay then what was your favorite ride uh
favorite ride yeah I'll give you a hint
mine's the whack and Molar coaster it's
where they launch you at 60 miles per
hour and then you whack moles while
listening to Aerosmith songs mine's was
whack Mountain it's something about when
those guts hit you in the face ah
Priceless well mine was the Guardians of
the wax silly Guardian the waxy Garden
what Junior there's no such ride as
Gardens with the wax silly or whatever
the hell it is you said okay well mine
was Tower of whackers you mean whacker
of Terror yeah that one Junior that's
been closed for years well listen guys I
wasn't riding rides I was too many
whacking moles you only watched 13.
because my shoes were untied I told you
guys oh okay Junior how about this
there's one question you have to know if
you really went what do they give you
when you leave the park oh dude you
gotta know this uh about a picture of
you whacking moles no Junior they give
you a
view it we went
you didn't go okay fine I didn't go
because I was doing something way
coolers like what oh cooler than
smashing and whacking moles uh I went to
the moon Jenny you did not go to the
Moon oh yes I went to the moon NASA
invited me to the Moon I have proof well
you didn't have a passport to go to
Scotland how the hell did you get to the
moon let me let me get the proof I'll
show you that I went to the moon hello
oh hey somebody call the cops are you
tired yeah sorry I'm a little jet-lagged
I just flew in from Scotland I went to
whack-a-moleland oh well I really need
your help oh is it an emergency yeah
kind of so my friends went to work come
on land and they're making fun of me
because I didn't get to go so I lied to
them and told them I went to the moon
well that was the stupidest lie you
could have thought of well look I need
to dress like an alien and say that you
met me on the moon so they believe me I
don't know kid I'm really tired like I
just flew to Scotland and like I was
like I have five dollars okay yeah I'll
do it yeah that's fine I spent way too
much money at whack-a-mole land I bought
a lot of acai moles dress up like an
alien come on okay okay guys I want you
to meet my alien friend that I met on
the moon yeah yeah bleep blow up I'm an
alien whoa dude that's a real alien no
way Junior this is obviously not an
alien he is an alien Cody his name's
officer bleep Bloor yeah that's me I'm
officer bleep lore why is he a police
officer because Cody alien planets have
cops too how do you think they stop
their crime yeah that makes sense dude
you said you met him on the moon I did
meet him on the moon he was doing a
traffic stop yeah yeah I was pulling
somebody over because they were doing 50
light years per hour in a school zone he
was writing him a ticket Junior this is
not an alien I can see his human arms
well aliens can morph to look like
humans so they fit in on Earth yeah
don't you see that alien hit Joseph
don't tell me you're believing this too
look this is clearly a mask it's not a
mask Cody hey hey Alien weren't we
hanging out on the moon oh yeah yeah you
were you were all over that Moon yeah
you were you were making Lance Armstrong
jealous don't you mean Neil Armstrong
but yeah yeah him too see he was he was
riding a bike on the moon and that
that's why Lance Armstrong was jealous
they were both jealous yeah so while you
guys were whacking dumb moles I was
hanging out with an alien no no hold on
whack and moles is not dumb you know
that whack-a-moleland is pretty fun wait
you've been to whack-a-mole land oh yeah
I just got back okay now I know he's not
an alien because whack-a-mole land has a
very strict no aliens policy oh [ __ ]
yeah I'm sorry kid he's right they're
pretty uptight about aliens they don't
want him in their park wait whack a boat
later the stupid alien rule this is
[ __ ] guys okay fine I didn't go to
the Moon I didn't go to whack I sat you
know I was born you got it you happy
Junior it's okay you didn't have to lie
yeah we're still your friends dude wait
really yeah Junior it's okay you're a
dude here you can play with my Mallet it
has hair on it I can really play with it
yeah dude on you guys are still going to
be my friends even though I lied yeah
Junior of course yeah come here give me
some cuddles come on so can I go am I
done
okay I'm keeping the mask we're best
friends forever yeah
[Music]
what are you doing here well I was just
going around fixing people's problems
why'd you choose me well I saw that you
had a lot of problems and nobody else
does because they're in whack-a-ball
land oh well
um my problems are I can't go to whack
because I don't have a real passport I
also don't have tickets yeah or a mallet
yeah I don't have a mallet so could you
give me all those things oh yeah sure I
could well you can yeah but I want to
make it more fun so I'll tell you what
if you can guess what number these dice
will land on I'll give you all that
stuff okay
I didn't guess
let's let's try again
were you thinking for
all right guess eight
it's it's six sorry no stuff for you
that was two doubles bye
buddy oh what are you doing here well I
was just going around solving people's
problems what so you're gonna solve my
problems oh yeah nobody else has
problems they're in whack-a-moleland oh
okay well my problems are I need a real
passport and tickets to whacamole land
and yeah and a mallet yeah that too
yeah
I can help with that
God hey buddy oh what are you doing here
well I was just going around fixing
people's problems oh you're gonna fix my
problems well maybe
God hey buddy what are you doing here
well I was just going around fixing
people's problems you're gonna fix my
problems well maybe oh look I have a lot
of problems I know
I know you do oh I need a passport yeah
uh you need a lot of things
[Music]
I'm sorry what I go I need tickets to
magical land yeah and the Mallet and the
mallet can you give them to me I could
so can you I could but I want to make it
more interesting
if you can correctly guess what number
these dice land on I will give you the
stuff you need okay uh what What's the
most common number seven is the most
common I'm gonna go with eight okay
um now it's four
so can I go again no sorry no stuff for
you bye oh man
[Music]