Jumby it's time to go to school Jeffy
get in here you're late
Oh daddy already go to school Jeffy what
are you wearing on Tamayo head you're
not wearing your tomato head to school
Jeffy to school no you don't look
ridiculous it's time to go to school
you're like dang go get my backpack yo
hurry up Jeff you're late all right now
Rand our school Jeff you're not wearing
Achiever head either but always wear my
cheeseburger handy school Jeff you look
ridiculous
stop licking honey let's go come on
we're gonna be running about poverty
poverty is when boy tofu man and girl
whoo woman that's where your tiny Vienna
sausage turn into big hot dog and when
your taco turn into chalupa pool party
is when your balls drop so your voice go
from high pitch like oh I can't see any
questions grass poverty I want to go
through poverty oh that makes two of us
also pressed when you go through poverty
you get funny hair on your balls like
these tennis balls and you could also
get fuzzy hair on your face and I
wouldn't say mine your fuzzy it's more
like there's a forest down there oh
bearded look like sheriff Wallace I work
my stache all right class so for
tonight's homework I want you to go home
Andrew get your balls I will eat a real
account I'm [ __ ] real god
it could be footballs basketballs
baseball's ping-pong balls any balls you
have I will work on it can't do Junior
I'm gonna need you to come over and help
me with my homework tonight okay let's
go okay
okay junior let's get started on this
homework Cody what are we hit poverty
well jr. were only 11 we're not gonna
hit poverty for another year or two but
Cody I want to hit poverty now I want a
big mustache huh well it's funny you
should say that because I've actually
been working on something what is that
Kui this is a machine that shoots
contained uncontrollable manliness it's
an acronym
well what's contained uncontrollable
manliness or it's stuff that makes you
into a man give
to a mustache in a deep voice and
everything oh I want to be a man okay
shoot me with it well I haven't actually
tested it yet so I don't know what'll
happen well we need someone to test it
on yeah who are we gonna test it on we
should test it on Jeff be okay just ask
for his consent first hey jebby can we
shoot you with some contained
uncontrollable manliness sure
all right do it test on him hey stand
back Jeff you look at your big manly
moustache huh oh oh oh Cody give me next
give me next
Oh Junior oh I'm gonna let it contain
uncontrollable manliness I blew my whole
Oh what you ran out yeah Oh we'll get
some more because I want to be a man
well we're just gonna have to find some
more junior okay let's go find some more
I want to be a man like Jeffy how would
score today Jeffy it was great
Jeff what happened to you oh you must be
talking about my moustache it's gorgeous
isn't it yes it's gorgeous but I'll talk
about your voice to its super deep what
happened it's called poverty
Jeffy there's no way you hit poverty
today you were fine this morning well
then check my diaper I got big balls I'm
talking well gee you look right I'm
gonna call a doctor to see what's going
on with you hey there somebody call
doctor yes I did doctor there's nothing
wrong with my son
there is it looks fine to me of course
I'm legally blind in my left eye so all
I can see is that way well my son up a
huge mustache he does hold on oh my god
that's a beautiful mustache
I wish I could grow a mustache like that
this is long as my mustache gets and I
can't grow a beard so I'm just kind of
stuck like this well my son grew a
mustache out of nowhere he didn't have
it this morning
and also his voice sounds really weird
like it's really deep show him Jeffy
[Applause]
oh my god that was beautiful he is the
voice of an angel but why do you think
he sounds like that he usually sounds
like this hey daddy what going wow
that's a really good Jeffy impression
yeah I'm around Jeffy all the time so I
can do a good impression but usually the
voice is not that deep what happened
well there is a thing called poverty the
kids his age usually go through and it
does cause your voice to get deeper and
you grow hair on your face so that's
probably what's happening it's perfectly
natural okay so this is just Japanese
new voice now yeah and that's this new
rocket mustache - all right Jeff D I
guess there's nothing to worry about
then hey do you mind if I just stay here
and watch TV on your couch right now I
guess okay cool let's watch the news bye
mr. Goodman involving the first annual
sing me to sleep competition and whoever
succeeds in singing me to sleep will win
1 million dollars I am holding this
competition because I am having trouble
sleeping because my bed is made of money
and my pillows are made of gold bricks
pumpkinator Jeffy in that competition
I'm gonna enter that competition
oh you back off man that million dollars
is mine I mean that million dollars more
than you do
oh yeah what do you eat it for well I
want to pay off my house and all my
credit card bills credit card bills
that's - yeah I'm in debt up to my ears
you ever heard of child support I owe it
a lot of it there's a warrant out for my
arrest in four states for back child
support
I have crippling debt if I drop a dollar
on the ground and I don't pick it up I'm
bankrupt I would literally lick a
McDonald's urinal cake for ten dollars
and I've done it my power got shut off
yesterday and I am - it's behind on my
rent so you back off man well we really
want that million dollars and Jeff has
an amazing singing voice so we're gonna
win well have you ever heard my singing
voice I know
itsy bitsy spider the spider crawled up
it is it up is it up and down the
waterspout you know what I don't know
but you're gonna find out when you hear
me sing it at the competition and then
you're gonna watch me walk away a
millionaire well we're gonna be a
millionaire and we'll don't walk away
with a million dollars isn't that right
Jeffy so we get ready all right Jeff
you're through the competition okay
welcome to the first annual will sing me
to sleep competition my name is mister
and our first contestant is Brooklyn T
God I'm gonna go lie down and see if he
can sing me to sleep all right it's my
turn to go onstage
why should learn pigeons hello my name
is Brooklyn t guy and I'm gonna be
singing the itsy bitsy spider so prepare
to sleep your head off a spider oh damn
tongue tongue then soaked all the rain
and itsy bitsy spider went up the spout
again up up the spout down the spout I
are you asleep yet that was the most
horrible thing I've ever heard no one
could ever fall asleep to that I am so
sorry can I go again maybe you can try
again at the end okay yes I need more
time to prepare
thank you wow that was so good hey hey
hey you don't know me bro okay if you
knew me you know that wasn't my best all
right I'd had a sore throat for like two
months and I ate a whole bunch of
popcorn before I came out so my voice
was all Scratchy
all right so I'm gonna go drink some
water and then I'm gonna drink some tea
and then I'm gonna come back and I'm
gonna try again later okay it's a bunch
of excuses
all right Jeffy practice your twinkle
twinkle little star twinkle
what you know Chucky that was really
good
oh man that was beautiful I gotta stop
him the next contestant is black Yoshi
hi my name is black Josie and a song I'm
gonna be singing is the three little
pigs that is not a song they adhere
watch this 1 P 2 P 3 P or I needed me
dollars really really bad you get off my
stage man would I get my million dollars
dope you don't man you breathe both
alright the next contestant is Jeffy
someone please help me fall asleep
alright Jeff your turn go out there and
sing your heart out again plug it give
you the nuts
cuz I'm threatened by his talent that
was the worst thing that I've ever heard
I think I'm gonna sue you for rupturing
my eardrums you get off my stage please
oh man Jeffy I can't believe you lost
the competition cuz your voice messed up
now I sound like new Rob hey what are
you doing here I just came to apologize
what I did was wrong and I didn't even
win the competition so if you were to
one would you still be sorry god no if I
had one I'd be in Fiji right now you'd
never see me again but I didn't win so
I'm sorry so none of us have a million
dollars yeah
sucks and Jeffy's voice sounds really
weird look talk to the doctor jumpy Oh
oh well I can probably fix that and
Kamiya Jeffy what if you did your voice
sound good yeah yeah I don't think it
sounds fine if you hit him in the nut
just change
voice yeah it looks like it so if we hit
him again will his voice get deep well I
don't know and it really wouldn't matter
anyway the competition's already over
oh well I guess everything's back to
normal so let's just watch TV okay I am
holding a $1,000,000 best mustache
competition I will be giving away
$1,000,000 do whoever has the best
mustache give me that
[Music]