ah gonna have a nice quiet relaxing day
what'd you say jeffy
jeffy i can't hear you speak up all
right daddy hold on one second what
can you buy me a laptop so i can play
minecraft jeffy you don't need the
stupid megaphone can you buy me a laptop
so i can play minecraft ask without the
megaphone can you buy me a laptop so i
can play minecraft no
you know what
i said no i'm not buying you a stupid
dumb laptop
who's that
uh hello hey marvin goodman what are you
doing here you see this laptop yeah well
on this laptop is a thousand bitcoin and
right now with current market prices
that's over 68 million dollars there's
over 68 million dollars on this laptop
yep there sure is and i need you to
watch it for me but why do you need me
to watch it well because tonight at 3
a.m bitcoin is going to be going to 100
dollars per coin and that means my
portfolio will be worth over 100 million
dollars and at 3 a.m i need you to sell
all my bitcoin well why do you need me
to sell all your bitcoin at 3am why
don't you do it because i'll be asleep
at 3am does it look like i'm awake at
3am of course not but you look like
you'll be awake at 3am with those ugly
bags under your eyes god you're ugly
well
why don't you just get someone else to
do it because i don't feel comfortable
with all that money so get someone else
to do it well marvin if you do it i'll
pay you a million dollars
yep i sure will but keep in mind if you
screw this up for me i'm going to cut
off your ball sack and use it as a hot
air balloon it'll be a hot air ball loon
okay i won't mess this up i will
definitely sell them okay it's safe with
me okay don't screw this up marvin oh
man daddy's about to get paid all i have
to do is click sell at 3am and i make a
million dollars i'm so happy oh sweet
you got me a laptop no jeffy i did not
get you a laptop
you bought yourself a laptop just to rub
it in my face with no jeffy you're a bad
daddy this is not even my laptop oh
cause it's my laptop because you bought
it for me no wait wait a minute yeah
jeffy this is your laptop i bought it
for you oh straight let me play with it
no no no no no jeffy uh you can't play
with it till 301 a.m why because i'm
setting it up for you well i have to
check my piggies and my piggies need to
bang what i need to breed my piggies in
minecraft wait oh jeffy oh hold on oh
i'm downloading minecraft right now oh
man it says it says it's gonna take till
301 to download minecraft well then
you're doing it wrong because it doesn't
take that long to download minecraft
jeffy just wait till 301 am no my
piggies need to bang my piggies need to
go
please do not break this laptop look
here
let your piggies bang do whatever you
got to do all right all right don't look
at my password i gotta log in i'm not
gonna look
stop looking
[Music]
jeffy what are you watching
you get back here right now give me that
laptop no i'm getting now give me the
laptop jeffy
jeffy do not drop that laptop off the
balcony you're yelling at me i'm not
yelling jeffy let's talk give me the
laptop back please i don't want you to
see what i was looking at i don't care
what you were looking at just give me
the laptop back it was a man and a woman
dressed like piggies that's fine
everybody watches that and they were
oinking jeffy that's completely fine
just please give me the laptop back i'll
do anything all right well then say your
abc's backwards what on the first try no
pausing i can't do that one two three go
uh z y x w u but uh you pause
she to piggy i don't care about the
piggies jeffy oh please let it still
turn on
shy that's great broken
jeffy is completely broken why would you
do that missing a convoy you're grounded
guys
oh my god what am i going to do what am
i going to do goodman's going to cut my
balls back off and make it do a hot air
balloon
oh okay okay maybe maybe it's not broken
you know the screen's broken and the
corner is broken but the hard drive that
that's where the bitcoin is in the hard
drive so i'm gonna call apple tech
support and see if they can help me fix
the laptop and get the hard drive out
yeah i'm gonna call apple tech support
all right it's ringing hello thank you
for calling apple tech support my name
is kamil habeeb
for apples and what can i do for you on
this fine evening well camille my laptop
what who
camille habiba bob camille's and camel
habibia bob is involved for apples and
what can i do for you on this fine
evening my apple laptop is broken oh i'm
so sorry to hear that do you happen to
have the apple care plan no i do not
okay well i suggest that you purchase it
for
99.99 okay i'll buy it well
unfortunately you can't buy it on your
current laptop you should have bought it
at the time of purchasing why are you
trying to sell to me that if i can't buy
it because i'm just trying to propose it
to you for your future apple product
well i don't need it i don't want it i
just want you to help me fix my current
laptop okay do you mind telling me what
is wrong with your current laptop my son
threw it off a balcony and hit it with a
hammer oh i'm so sorry unfortunately
that's not covered by the accidental
damage warranty i don't care about the
warranty like help me fix it right now
okay well first of all we have to go
through some quick troubleshooting
techniques all right okay yes hurry up
all right so first on the list i'm gonna
need you to turn it off and turn it back
on
i said it was broken you hit it with a
hammer okay sir i can't proceed forward
until you turn it off and turn it back
okay it's off it's permanently off okay
all right now what is your screen
showing
hammer mark hammer mark hammer mark
broken glass okay well you're gonna have
to exit out of those screens in order to
proceed this is not a screen the laptop
is off okay all right one more thing
we're gonna i'm gonna need you to go
into settings i can't go to settings the
laptop won't turn on and hit the reset
button i can't do that all right sir
unfortunately there's nothing else i can
do further so what i'm gonna have to do
is i'm gonna have to mail you a shipping
label you'll get it in two to three
business days and then you pack up your
laptop ship it to us we fix it and we
send it back to you in three to four
weeks three to four weeks i need to fix
tonight like in the next hour well
unfortunately there's no way i can do
that so the troubleshooting is not
working
can you come to my house and fix it like
where are you at sir i'm in egypt egypt
can you give me someone in america oh
yeah i can transfer you to my supervisor
named kevin oh okay give me the kevin is
he in america yep hold on one moment
please okay good kevin a nice american
name
hello thank you for calling apple tech
support my name is kevin
okay no no i don't need their help i'll
just call a computer repair man that can
come to my house tonight and fix it yes
hey there you call big shirts computer
repair we wear big shirts and we repair
computers i'm the one that came with the
big shirts part yeah he did who is this
this is my brother jonathan good day sir
you don't have to tip your fedora to
everybody you meet jonathan if you
didn't like the fedora you could have
said something i don't have a problem
with the fedora it's the big shirts i
don't like do we really need these yes
it's part of the name it's big shirts
computer repair services would it make
sense if it were regular search computer
repair services no well i don't
understand can we just change the name i
don't really understand why no no no no
no no it has to be big shirts repair
services because if it weren't we would
just be the same as everyone else it's
what separates us from the competition
the boys from young men well i i don't
really get it because tight jeans
computer repair services is doing okay
you keep your dirty names out of your
mouth okay what is going on here look my
mom came to me and she said your 32 year
old brother still living at home could
you please help him start a company so i
came to jonathan and i said hey jonathan
what kind of company do you want to
start and he said i want to either sell
big shirts or repair computers and i
said well which one do you want to do
jonathan and he said how about we wear
big shirts while repairing computers and
i said no jonathan you're going to have
to pick one or the other so he went to
our mom and he complained that i was
being mean to him so now we wear big
shirts while repairing computers it's a
great idea honestly no jonathan it's not
a good idea because we've only been open
for a day and a half and he's our only
customer well i only called you guys
because you're the only 24 hour computer
repair shop which was another one of
jonathan's stupid ideas because it's one
o'clock in the morning and he had to get
me out of bed for this silly goose
forgot his shirt i'm gonna break into my
couch and everything gotta climb to your
window
you have such an ugly laugh hey you keep
talking like that and you're gonna be
put on santa's naughty list jonathan
you're 32 years old why do you still
believe in santa claus see this is why i
got two xbox ones for christmas last
year and you didn't get anything no
jonathan the reason you get two xbox
ones for christmas is because you still
live at mom's no no no we both know
that's not true listen that's not true
mom bought the house and then there was
an addition the basement and that's
where i live mom's basement yeah you
live in mom's basement precisely okay i
don't care where you live i don't care
how you started the company i don't care
about anything can you fix my computer
or not oh i didn't know there was a lady
present
sexy
looks like you've been in an abusive
relationship don't worry daddy's gonna
fix you what is he doing he thinks
computers are women
okay well can he fix the what can you
fix the computer or not listen man at
this point you probably should just buy
a new computer well i just need to take
the hard drive out sure i am not at a
hard drive maybe like maybe like a half
drive just give me a couple moments
yes okay okay i'm gonna be honest with
you i'm gonna be serious with you i
don't have time for this i'm tired of
the [ __ ] oh so listen so um there is a
thousand bitcoin on this hard drive but
a thousand bitcoin a thousand 68 million
dollars on this hard drive and i just
need to get it out because i cannot lose
that money wait you serious i'm being
completely serious so i don't have time
for whatever he's doing can you just get
the hard drive out
yeah did you jonathan okay could you cut
the crap for a second it's me i'm busy
jonathan i need you i need to knock this
[ __ ] off jonathan this is important okay
brooklyn guy i never interrupt you when
you're busy except for when i woke you
up yesterday one hour ago
listen no i'm about to use my feet cause
she won't ruin this for me jonathan
listen to me i need you to take this
computer and put it in the car
why would i push it in the car so we
were fishing it because that's that's
where the computer repair station is no
it's not it's a hyundai sonata
are you gonna bring it back if you take
it yeah yeah we're gonna take it we're
gonna fix it we're gonna bring it right
back right jonathan
why would you need why would you need to
bring it anywhere if we're just gonna
fix it right here just put it in the car
come on there's no okay you're fine
make sure you bring it back i told you
always on it go jonathan go go go go go
go go you know if you play your car
straight you might be able to join us
somebody join you just go go go go go
wait i forgot for europe get your fedora
i'll buy you 68 million fedoras oh man i
really hope those guys can fix that
computer goodman's going to kill me wait
that guy left this fedora
hold on that might be them oh hello what
good then what are you doing here marvin
i messed up you know the laptop i gave
you uh yeah well that was actually my
son's laptop and he has a book report on
it that's due at school at nine a.m in
the morning so i'm gonna need that back
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
what happened to the bitcoin laptop oh i
accidentally got it confused with my
son's laptop and so i decided i'll just
sell the bitcoin so i do need my son's
laptop back
so you need that laptop back yeah so go
get it uh uh
go get it well you see the funniest
thing i uh i sold that laptop for um uh
this hat
why the [ __ ] would you do that well i
really like this hat
i'm gonna try that hat oh oh you're
right it is a nice hat so you know what
you're gonna do you're gonna go upstairs
and write my son's book report and have
it ready by 9am or else i'm going to be
wearing this hat while riding in a hot
air balloon made out of your ball sack
oh so go get right in oh okay what's the
what's it about what's the book report
about cream cheese cream cheese yup two
pages on cream cheese get it done 9am
okay
so where are we going christian guy
vegas we're rich you got that laptop on
yet of course i have it on well we got a
thousand bitcoin on there not quite but
we do have a challenge on cream cheese
cream cheese no no no that has to be a
thousand bitcoin on there nope just a
very detailed essay on cream cheese
damn you cream cheese
[Music]
you