hey guys anybody want some free medium
french fries I get from McDonald's every
week you still get free French fries
well actually on my last week of my year
free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week dude you're not
tired of eating french fries every week
well you know what they say a french fry
a week makes the heart weak from heart
disease because my arteries are clogged
with high cholesterol at least you know
wait a minute wait a minute so after you
claim one more french fry you're gonna
have to start paying money for them oh
yeah unfortunately well why don't you
put that like a scanner and we print
more the genie that would be stealing
it's not stealing if they don't know
dude wait a minute I'm gonna put this in
the scanner and print more but you do
that all right Cody I printed out like
20 of these things ah see dude now we'll
never
president of french fries now yeah Cody
we get like 20 free medium french fries
a week but guys all of these expire in
December of this year Well we better go
redeem them now come on guys I could
live off french fries
guys look at all these free French fries
we'll never have to pay ever again yeah
dude wait I got an idea Joseph why don't
we print out a million of these and give
them to the starving kids in Africa so
they can eat oh yeah world hunger that
would be heroes guys I don't think
that's gonna work I mean I don't know
how many McDonald's there are in Africa
but they can't just live off of french
fries yeah they can potatoes are healthy
Cody but you need like vegetables well
that's why they dip it in ketchup and
ketchup's made out of tomatoes and
tomatoes or vegetables actually tomatoes
are fruit we're thinking of apples too
yeah apples are fruit tomatoes are
vegetables it's called Veggie Tails
there's a tomato in that it's not called
fruit Tails wait no okay look my point
is you can't live off of french fries
okay they lack vitamin A and b12 which
you need to live they like B12 yes well
I think you should be quiet
crime okay if we get caught we're gonna
be in big trouble We're not gonna get
caught Cody McDonald's gives out
billions of french fries a day they're
not gonna notice 12 french fries going
missing or 20 or however many we took
how the hell is wrong sorry I'm late
Steve I got a flat tire on the way here
cause Miami cheese won't fix all these
damn potholes in the road Ronald
are you drunk Steve Steve look at me in
my eyes do I will talk to you yes good
because I'm drunk as who gives a
damn I sell cheeseburgers for a living
and I make this company billions of
dollars I'm loaded baby well not
according to these numbers whoa whoa
baby baby Steve talk to me what do you
mean these numbers well it looks like
there's a McDonald's location in Florida
that's been giving away too many free
medium french fries someone stealing for
me hey
it's telling me someone stealing from me
well maybe is it that little punk Burger
King it's as soon as his peasants over
here to steal my French fries you know
he sells chicken nuggets like 20 of them
for 2.99 ain't no way that's real
chicken those are red ankles Steve is it
him I don't think it's him oh so it's
that little Wendy with the red pigtails
she she's doing from me Steve I I don't
think so Ronald well who is it Steve
because I want to know who's bending
Ronald over because then maybe I can put
a little more makeup on my face that way
I look pretty but when I'm getting Brown
Steve oh it's extreme but we don't know
Ronald well I'm gonna get you the bottom
of this because nobody steals from real
McDonald's
you go get him Ronald
Cody I don't feel good me neither dude I
have a headache oh my mouth's so dry
it's from all the salt why is my heart
pounding high blood pressure oh God I
don't want to eat a french fry ever
again screw these things
go to the door Cody after the door with
me okay hello Ronald McDonald oh I'm
surprised you recognize me from the
front because I thought you'd only
recognize me from this position from you
good to me the hell over what are you
talking about Ronald I'm talking about
use
oh we aren't stealing french fries from
you oh really
really regret your local McDonald's said
that you scares were using these coupons
for some free French fries uh well you
gave them away a year ago oh yeah I did
you know what let me let me see those
bring me to them okay okay come on
all right Ronald here they are oh wow
look let me take a look at this
congratulations
oh I do remember giving these out and
you got so many of them you guys must
really like McDonald's yeah we love
McDonald's really good oh yeah it's
great that's great to know you paint the
 I'll kill you I'll hang you from a
power line by your ball sack you
Twinkies well you gave those out to us
yeah I did give them out but you know
what these shit's a fake now this now
this is the real deal look at that shiny
as
you know what this is
one of these things
not like the other one of these things
doesn't be long I wonder what it is you
know what it is uh Harry Potter actually
I have one week left on that punch card
yep what yeah yeah I see right there I
have one week oh look at that you do
have another week you know what uh he
enjoy your still ass french fries you
piece of okay thank you we just
want to get out these fries to the kids
in Africa oh the kids in Africa what a
noble cause you know what how far away
you think those kids live uh pretty far
pretty far you think they live maybe
over here or maybe
[Applause]
why do you even care about the french
fries I don't know why you care about
them you make billions of dollars
because Ronald McDonald has a girlfriend
at home with big old big tits maybe
Brown don't get stressed out he likes to
go home and squeeze oh the Big Mac sauce
out of them so someone's gotta fill them
up you got the money to fill up my
girlfriend's Big Mac titties no I didn't
think so so don't you ever steal from
Ronald again or else I'm gonna snip your
McNuggets off you understand capes uh
compete we understand we understand
right yeah all right
son gonna bring breakfast with me
well Junior I hope you learned your
lesson don't mess with Ronald McDonald I
guess you're right Cody
I just went and printed out more what
junior he literally said he would kill
us but I fixed the problem I put the
back to him this time so now he won't
notice ooh smart smart no not smart
Ronald McDonald is clinically insane he
only caught us because I didn't print
the backs on him now that I printed the
back we can get free French fries he's
gonna find out he's not gonna find out
is Ronald Junior I think he found out
everybody hi there
you don't think I see everything you do
wait where'd you kids go Oh look more
counterfeits and this one's backwards
where'd you go kids You Can't Hide cause
I got Grimace oh grimace
I want you to find these three kids that
are stealing from Old Ron only Kill Em
okay I'm gonna nip them out
I'm nipping
I think I know where they're at okay
good go get em boy okay oh no junior he
got Grimace oh it's over with dude gosh
they're not gonna find this in here just
be quiet
I think they're in here open the door
time hold on Junior I have a friend I
can call
[Music]
did somebody call the Burger King Burger
King oh what's he doing here you
called the Burger King yeah he's friends
with my Dad hey go away oh hello Grimace
feeling hungry boys
oh you're sure you don't want a
nuggets disgusting isn't it now where
are you Ronald
well well well if it isn't the Burger
King what are you doing here you coming
to tell me you cause a dog 2 000 more
locations no I came to give you your
mother's panties back because she woke
up with the King this morning
piece of oh what are you gonna do
spill hot coffee on an old lady again
and get sued I might just spill hot
coffee on your ass
I didn't come here
I came here to offer you a lopper
oh God not that big Royal how
about I offer you something a little
better how about I offer you a Big Mac
meets looking a little thin there Ronald
you're compensating for something oh
compensating at least I don't have to
come out with a special red Bund burger
from the spider-verse so people remember
who the I am you know who I am I a
cardi B I got Travis Scott they're my
homies look Ronald just close your eyes
and open your mouth is this a trip no no
I'm just going to give you what I give
you a mother last night my meat in your
mouth
oh that'll be the last I hear from you
all right kids it's safe to come out now
oh thank you for saving us Burger King
yes it was an honor to kill Ronald Cody
I'm so glad you had the Burger King's
number and for all the drama you kids
have experienced I'm giving all of you
this gift card for free Burger King for
a year
uh you can keep it are you sure it's
it's free Burger King I don't want it
Cody do you want it no I'm good well
what if it wasn't just for a year what
if it was like forever you get like a
lifetime supply of Burger King that's
torture my yeah give it to
somebody who actually wants it oh okay
have it your way
[Music]
thank you
[Music]