Marvin are you ready to go Christmas
caroling no and I ripped my sweater it
was too small that's okay Marvin I
ripped the sleeves off mine where'd you
get these cheap sweaters anyway from the
thrift store Marvin because we don't
have any money because you quit your
Mall Santa job well listen we're not
going to make any money doing Christmas
carols you never know Marvin if we sing
really well then they might tip us no
one's ever tipped A Christmas Carol or
ever come on Marvin do you want to
practice Our Song sure we wish you a
Merry Christmas we wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you merry Christmas
and I hate my [ __ ] Marvin what keep
going next verse now bring us some figgy
pudding now bring Marvin why aren't you
singing figgy pudding I'm not going to
say figgy pudding that's gay you just
said it now sing it what is figgy
pudding it's a pudding made from figs
I've never heard of it and it sounds
gross and why can't we say now bring us
some chocolate pudding well if we don't
sing the right words they might not tip
us they're not going to tip us anyway
chocolate pudding's actually good Marvin
sing the words okay bring us chocolate
pudding bring us some chocolate pudding
now bring us some chocolate
pudding we won go until we get wait
what's this song even about it's about
only about pudding I thought it was
about wishing them a merry Christmas
it's about both it seems like it's only
about demanding pudding from them oh
Marvin it's fun come on now sing it
again hey daddy why you dress like that
oh me and Rose are going to go sing in
people's front yards and hopefully
someone shoots us Marvin Jeffy do you
want to go caroling with us no I'm
literally going to go do anything else
can I go do that with him no don't worry
Jeffy we'll be back in a few hours hours
Marvin let's go hey Jeffy can you go
hire that Luigi guy to shoot me in the
back hey I thought we couldn't say that
seriously baby how many houses are we
going to sing in front of let's just do
this whole neighborhood and that's it
the whole neighborhood hush boy it's
almost Christmas and we don't have a
Christmas tree yeah I know Karen we're
saving money by not getting one this
year Bon you got to go get me a
Christmas tree what's the point Karen
it's so messy and it takes forever to
set up and then just stare at it for a
few weeks Al to just take it down again
anyway it's a waste of time like wiping
your ass it's just going to get dirty
again anyway so what's the point but Bo
I love decorating trees okay then go
outside and decorate a tree there's
millions of them billions probably no bo
I want Christmas inside this year look
Karen they're probably sold out of trees
anyway bnie go get me a Christmas tree
I'm putting my hand down look the hand
is down you go get me a Christmas tree
or no more smooches oh no I guess I'll
just have to go smooches Bo if you don't
get me a Christmas tree t night I'm
inviting your mother over for the
holidays whoa waa calm down Karen damn I
didn't know was that serious okay fine
I'll go get a Christmas tree right now
hello hey kid um are you parents home no
I'm home alone oh really well do you
have a Christmas tree yeah it's in the
living room oh great I'm at the right
house um my name is Christmas tree Chris
and I'm with the Christmas tree company
that you bought your Christmas tree from
I guess we sold some faulty trees and
some of them might just like
spontaneously burst into flames so I
have to inspect your tree to make sure
it's not one of those okay okay but um
you can't watch me do it cuz if it does
catch fire that would be dangerous and I
don't want to be liable so can you hide
somewhere okay like in the Attic that
would be great okay just let me know
when you come down yeah we'll do there
it is there's my Christmas tree now my
wife will finally shut up I mean it does
look kind of shitty but that doesn't
matter it's better than nothing but how
am I going to carry it out of here this
thing is really big yeah I think I
should call Simmons for help hey M you
called and said you needed help moving a
Christmas tree yeah this one Simmons why
are you wearing a hard hat in case one
of the ornaments falls down and hits me
in the head but that wouldn't even hurt
better be safe than sorry well look just
help me carry this tree back to my house
and let's be quick wait mate are you
trying to steal this tree no no no no no
I bought this off Facebook Marketplace
the people just said I could come pick
it up while they're out but they also
said they get really attached to stuff
so if they see me physically taking it
there might be a scuffle it really
sounds like you're trying to steal this
tree okay well the truth is that their
kid was bad and they say that he doesn't
get a Christmas tree this year so uh
they want me to take it while he's at
school but it's dark outside okay I'm
[ __ ] stealing it Simmons is that what
you want me to say is that what you want
to hear I'm stealing this tree okay now
you take the top I'll take the bottom
but I like being on the bottom you can
ask your mom okay ew Simmons ew just you
fine you [ __ ] take the bottle I don't
care see that M good thing I'm wearing
this it could have been trouble okay
just help me take this
tree tilt it I'm trying man if the
ornaments are falling off got my hot hat
on spren it up I'm trying man my's
getting tired well come on we're almost
to the door the Christmas tree gone up
and ran away all right Simmons now help
me drag out the front door and all the
way to my house well all the way to your
house mate you live five blocks over why
don't we just put it in the back of a
car well I know I have a Hyundai Sonata
with massive trunk space but it's still
not going to fit in the trunk well we
can always put it on top of the roof and
scratch my stormy sea blue paint I don't
think so come on Simmons help me drag it
out here all right M let's just walk
it come on Simmons hurry up you're going
so slow I'm trying mate is this this
tree is so heavy wa why do you get to
drive the car and I have to carry this
heavy tree you see Simmons it doesn't
make sense for us to walk all the way to
my house and then walk all the way back
here just to get the car somebody had to
take the car but mate don't you think
it'd be a little bit more fair if we
took turns like you drive the car and I
carry the tree and then you carry the
tree and I drive the car well you see
Simmons that would make sense but the
car is insured under my name so if you
get in an accident I would be liable so
it's better if I drive you know what
it's really cold out there I'm going to
roll the window up oh come on mate it's
tree is so heavy
[ __ ] that
tree Simmons don't just throw my
Christmas tree on the ground like that
have some respect I carried that damn
tree down the road for five
neighborhoods mate screw that tree oh
come on Simmons it wasn't that bad I'd
rather drag that tree all the way to
Australia oh be real Simmons there's no
roads to Australia from America I'm out
of here mate what oh come on Simmons
aren't you going to help me set it up
suck my kangaroo dick me oh somebody's
angry you did good Brooklyn guy you did
good now for a well-deserved beer Bo did
you get my Christmas tree H did I get
your Christmas tree I got the Christmas
tree right over there oh oh my God boy
day it's perfect yeah you're damn right
it is I cut that baby down myself wow
Bon it looks so heavy oh it was but I
dragged it for five neighborhoods it's
just for you oh my big strong man boy
you're not even sweating oh yeah well
it's just so cold outside the sweat
didn't happen but you know I think your
big strong man deserves a reward I think
he does too Bo take these overalls off
after I decorate the tree a I'm not even
going to want it later that's a lie I'm
always going to want
it oh Marvin I'm sorry that family threw
a brick at your face I told you people
don't want strangers in their yard
singing figgy p I think they were mad
because you got the words wrong I'm not
saying figgy pudding that's gay I'm
going to say chocolate pudding morvin
our trees's gone wait what Marvin our
tree is gone but it was here when we
left baby trees don't just
disappear
Jeffy Jeffy where you at Jeffy I hear
him where you at
Jeffy why are you in the Attic because
Christmas tree Chris told me to hide up
here who Christmas tree Chris is that
like St Nick no he's the Christmas tree
inspector Jeffy where the [ __ ] is the
Christmas tree you're not going to
believe me but it gone up and it ran
away no the [ __ ] it did it where's it at
it ran away Daddy I told you you
wouldn't believe me there's no way a
Christmas tree got ran away get your ass
down here no you're going to yell I'm
already yelling well I don't want to get
in trouble Jeffy just come down here all
we want to know is what happened to the
Christmas tree okay I'll tell you what
happened a guy came near the door and he
said he was Christmas tree Chris and
that he was the Christmas tree inspector
and he told me to hide in the Attic in
case the Christmas tree blew up that not
[ __ ] happen get your ass down here
right now no you're going to get mad at
me I'm going to get in trouble I'm
already mad you're already in [ __ ]
trouble well I'm not coming down never
never never okay that's it we're calling
the cops Jeffy we're going to call the
cops so I think you should do that I'm
calling the cops good hello hey Marvin
you call the cops yes someone stole our
Christmas tree okay gu make sure you act
really shocked so he doesn't suspect
you're the one who stole his
tree what somebody stole your Christmas
tree nuh-uh that's crazy no seriously
someone stole a tree like it's gone wait
so it was there and now it's not there
anymore yeah someone stole it damn it go
you're being weird oh yeah well there
have been a lot of Christmas tree
thieves like there's this guy named
Christmas tree Chris who pretends to be
a Christmas tree inspector and he tells
you your tree might explode and then he
has you hide in the attic and then he
steals your Christmas tree that's
exactly what Jeffy said damn it guy why
you talking so much you're just giving
them Clues yeah well I have a really
nice Christmas tree in my house that I
bought a we need a Christmas tree oh
well that's too bad cuz all the stores
are sold out of Christmas trees and
believe me I called all the stores after
I bought my tree to make sure I got the
last one what the [ __ ] was that guy just
get out of there before you ruin it um
he just left well that was no help he
probably got an emergency call or
something Marvin we can't have Christmas
without a Christmas tree but baby you
heard the cop he said all the stores are
sold out what are we going to do I guess
not have a Christmas tree a worst
Christmas
ever oh I hate to see Rose that sad she
didn't even notice her Santa Claus hat
fell off what are we going to
do well Brooklyn guy did say he had a
really nice Christmas tree at his house
and he's at work right now as a cop so
that means he's not home so I could go
steal his Christmas
tree
yeah honey I'm home oh B I finished
decorating the Christmas tree oh honey
that just looks so yeah a thank you Bo
say you got finished at work real quick
yeah I just had that one quick call but
I'm home now well Bo if you go shower
then you can get your reward o okay oh
it just looks so pretty oh who's at the
door hello hey there my name is
Christmas tree Chris I'm with the
Christmas tree company oh nice to meet
you I need to inspect your Christmas
tree what why because due to global
warming Christmas trees have gotten
really hot and they might spontaneously
combust into flames oh no but my husband
just cut it down today yeah I I know
that that makes it worse because a
freshly cut tree is like a freshly lit
bomb oh no what do we do uh you need to
go hide in the Attic in case it blows up
while I inspect it okay yeah let let me
let me inspect it real
quick this
[ __ ] he stole my Christmas tree
and then wanted to act like he didn't
know what happened to my tree oh I bet
he made up that Christmas tree Chris
[ __ ] oh I'm taking this tree back oh I'm
taking it
back hey Karen Brooklyn guy Junior's all
shampooed and I think he hit his growth
spurt Karen Karen you there Karen Karen
I don't try to get out of it I carried
that tree five blocks what what the [ __ ]
what Karen What happened to the tree
Karen Karen I'm not [ __ ] around
where's our tree bnie I couldn't find
the Attic So I was hiding in our pantry
wait why were you looking for the attic
well because Christmas tree Chris came
over and said our tree was going to
explode and that I should hide in the
Attic wait Christmas tree Chris I'm
Christmas tree Chris no you were in the
shower and Christmas tree Chris was at
the front door wait car just tell me
what happened okay Christmas tree Chris
came over and said our tree was going to
explode and I should hide in the Attic
so I hid in the pantry wait a minute who
would have known about my lie Marvin
wait wait right here I'm going to go get
our tree back wait in the pantry yeah
yeah yeah I'm going to go get the tree
we'll put clothes on first there's no
time oh my God Marvin you got our
Christmas tree back I sure did did you
find out who stole it oh I I know who
stole it we can deal with that later
well Marvin I think you deserve a reward
for finding our Christmas tree what what
kind of reward oh you know let me get in
the shower oh who's at the door hello
hey there wait aren't you the cop why
are you in towel well that bastard
Christmas tree Chris stole my clothes
wait I thought he stole Christmas trees
well now he steals clothes because he's
clothes for free Chris cuz he wants all
his clothes for free oh no yeah and he
he stole my clothes and and he ran into
your house oh my God what do I do you
should probably hide in the edit cuz he
also has my gun get my tree back oh Rose
Little Marvin Jor is all conditioned
conditioning your balls is crazy work
Marvin or should I say Christmas tree
Chris you're Christmas tree Chris you
stole my fake name you stole my real
tree touche but my wife needs this tree
I shampooed my balls I shampooed my
balls those are fighting worms give me
my tree give me my tree give me my
Tre Marvin look at us look what we've
become monsters over some stupid
Christmas tree it's my tree well you see
Marvin that's how it starts my my my
can't it just be our tree no it's been
my tree the whole time you broke it and
stole it well can't I just take the top
half and you take the bottom half no
well at least until we both get sucked
off
I guess we both deserve to get sucked
off
PL and so Marvin and Brooklyn guy both
came that night to an agreement that
they would share the tree
[Music]