M M M my fish sandwich looks delicious
oo I can't wait to take the first bite
oh man and it smells like my ex I should
call her I love this Nostalgia o wait
wait my fish sandwich is missing
something what is it missing oh yeah
spices duh what do we got chili powder
no Itali seasoning no Jeffy get back
with my sandwich
no help me find my ch
Jeffy where'd you get that fish I found
it no he didn't he stole it now give it
back Jeffy no he's going to find his son
no he's going to find my mouth because
I'm hungry give it back no Jeffy that's
not even a clown fish well maybe he lost
his job no one's hiring clowns in this
economy give me my fish back I'm hungry
Jeffy get it back get it back there's
someone at the door hold on give him his
fish back Jeffy give him my damn fish
hello hey there we were just going door
to door selling our sexy policemen
calendars but then we heard screaming so
now we're here for business not pleasure
oh no my son was just screaming about a
fish yeah Finding Nemo can be pretty
scary oh it's a dead fish oh I think
maybe we should come in and look around
no no no what's these calendars about oh
you like them yeah I made them myself we
actually photoshopped our heads on to
stock photos of sexy men that's not
actually my body I wish it was but I
like cheesecake too much but it goes
straight to my hips I have to write you
a ticket for being too sexy yeah I came
up with that read mine freeze I need to
do a strip search oh that's really
clever you want to buy one how much is
it $54 $4 for a calendar yeah I mean
people are trying to like defund the
police so this is how we're trying to
fund it I mean we will sign it for you
oh well what's your autograph worth but
okay dick you're Marvin I'm Brooklyn guy
okay do you know who I am I'm in every
video you guys would crumble without me
if I'm not here nothing happens Chef
pee's girlfriend everybody hated that so
I think my autograph is worth quite a
bit so now we're going to come in and
see what all the screaming is about
who's at the door Marvin it was the
police whoop whoop that's the sound of
the uh us we heard screaming and unless
there's ice cream in here for us all to
scream for that's pretty suspicious I
told you my son was screaming about a
fish I see no son and I see no fish well
he left with it mm-m no I'm not buying
it Simmons something in here smells
pretty fishy because there was a fish on
the couch a minute ago no this is what I
think happened I think you and your wife
murdered someone and that was the scream
we heard and then you hid the body and
you didn't want to buy a calendar
because you didn't want us to get your
DNA off the money to compare to the
murder victim no I didn't buy your
stupid calendar cuz it sucks oh look
what you did you made Simmons cry that's
not my fault I don't have ABS like that
Marvin you owe me a new fish cuz Jeffy
put his Dirty Fingers all over it huh I
guess you were telling the truth I told
you I tell the truth jeez okay you don't
have to snap at me Simmons if he was a
turtle he'd be a snapping turtle go on M
I wouldn't be a snapping turtle be a
regular turtle Marvin you seem so
stressed out you need a boy night out
did somebody say boys night out did
somebody say Applebees and casino and
strip club I said boys night out but I
didn't say strip club wa wa wait wait
hey I heard Applebees I love me some
damn Applebees now yeah you guys want to
go to Applebees and a casino and also a
strip club no strip club okay fine come
on let's go to Applebees Applebees I
kind of just want to stay inside tonight
Jesus Marvin don't be such a puss let's
go to Applebees yeah come on the bees
okay baby I'll be back
bye oh man Marvin you know what I love
so much about Applebees the culture one
meal you're in Greece another meal
you're in Italy the next meal you're in
Asia like chicken won tacos that's Asia
in Mexico [ __ ] choose a country yeah
exactly I feel like I need a passport to
eat here I feel like I'm eating in an
airport bro Applebees is the eighth
wonder of the world so what do you
recommend here what do I recommend
Marvin it's Applebee's look at the menu
I recommend all of it everything here is
cooked fresh in the microwave uh M
where's the bloom onion Simmons that's
Outback the Australian Applebees oh okay
let's see if the chef has added anything
new to the menu ooh I've never seen this
before chicken tenders platter I can't
decide between that or The Bourbon
Street chicken and shrimp and hello
what's this Mountain Dew dark berry bash
don't mind if I do it's like somebody
nutted right in my mouth I don't know
why you would want salty nut in your
mouth there's presses on the menu yes
there are hi thank you for coming to
Applebees no thank you for being
Applebees my name's Clarissa I'll be
your server tonight can I start you off
with a round of drinks yeah let me get a
sip of you your tall glass of water
looking ass I'm parched uh sir how about
I start with you oh I'll have a captain
Bahama Mama oh I'm so sorry we're out of
those well of course you are I mean
Apple bees is so busy I can't believe
you guys could keep it in stock okay so
I'll have a Coke instead is Pepsi okay
oh [ __ ] no no it is not okay you know
what I'll just have a water you know a
round of water is for the whole table
see that's the one downside of Applebees
all they have is Pepsi products okay
I'll be right back with those you know I
actually think we're ready to order oh
go ahead now what comes on the kids
cheese pizza cheese okay but what kind
of cheese are we talking Mano monster
guda cuz I know the chef likes to have a
cheese of the week whatever's imported
oh no he doesn't it's mozzarella ooh
fancy and how is that prepared is that
thin crust or stuffed crust it's
microwaved I'll have that oh I'm so
sorry sir you can't it's 12 or under
what you have to be 12 years old or
under to order off the kids menu oh well
in that case my son is coming later and
he wants the kids cheese pizza oh okay
then what would you like to eat nothing
but my son wants the kids cheese pizza
you're not eating no but my son wants
the kids cheese pizza so get me a
goddamn kids cheese pizza my son's not
really coming later I just really wanted
the kids cheese pizza Pizza it's exactly
the right amount of food it's not too
much you can take someone else's order
now I mean can you believe this I mean
it's not like I'm going to check my ID
and see how old I am it's not like this
food police that are going to come
arrest me if she gives me the wrong
Pizza I said you can take a different
order sir what would you like to eat
I'll have the steak not microwaved oh
how would you like that cooked on the
grill no I mean your temperature well
done okay anything else I want out back
Simmons down boy sir what would you like
to eat [ __ ] I'm starving like a
[ __ ] I can eat a quad droop of
cheeseburger for real for real ooh
ordering off the secret menu hey my guy
my guy he
knows oh and I want to Stak how would
you like that cooked [ __ ] on your fine
ass on that wagon back there yeah meting
well uh sir what would you like uh can I
just get a cheeseburger yes okay oh
y'all see the fine ass waitress oh I'll
Pat that ass right now yes I would also
have sex with the waitress what about
you Simmons would you have sex with the
waitress if the opportunity presented
itself no I only like having sex with
your
ew but I'm not going to let that ruin my
good time here at Applebee's What About
You Marvin sex with the waitress does
she have a disease come on Marvin come
on take a chance take a chance Marvin
this is Applebee's she's an Applebee's
waitress she's not going to have a
disease I'm pretty sure they check well
um do my wife find out Jesus just just
say yes yeah yeah that's my boy that's
my boy right there you dirty old bastard
oh you
nasty all right here's your food does
everything look okay I mean your cute
ass ain't butt naked on my plate right
now sir please stop Marvin if that's not
just the freshest mozzarella cheese I've
ever seen bone dry I can't wait to take
the first bite of that I I mean I can't
wait until my son takes the first bite
I'm eating this pizza I know and what's
this Ms apples sauce tell the chef I
love him let me know if you need
anything damn peeee look at that Burger
they gave you the whole cow I didn't
know my ex-wife was on the
menu well guys let's eat it we still
have to hit the casino after this hey
Marvin you want to see my happy cheese
pizza
face I love pizza all right guys we got
to
eat oh Marvin that kid's cheese pizza
sure hit the spot I'm glad you enjoyed
your kids's Pizza sir yeah and that MZ
applesauce cup my compliments to the
chef it's store bought well someone
picked it sir it looks like you enjoyed
your food you ate almost all of it yeah
I was making room for dessert so come
lay your fine ass on this plate or sit
on Big Daddy's mustache and I give you a
licking okay are you all paying on one
check or paying separately uh police
officers eat for free right no I didn't
like mine you ate almost all of it but I
asked for well done and it wasn't well
done you ate almost all of it uh ma'am
could you give us a second please okay
okay so who's paying y'all ass I was
invited I I didn't even want to come
here I have food at the house I am a
chef I can cook y'all are cops y'all got
Buu cash pay for it yeah and I only
brought $20 okay I have an idea uh
waitress yes my friend Marvin here says
you're really hot and he would have sex
with you if he could what no you guys
said you would no no no he said he'll P
your ass right now on this table on top
of this place no y'all said y'all would
Pat sir how are you paying for the check
a [ __ ] Marvin that didn't work I have
another idea what's that dispatch
there's a shooting and kids oh no man we
got to go right now those two aren't
cops uh yes they are they're undercover
cops right officers yeah I I captain
yeah I I captain yeah three of us are
cops and one of us is a pirate so let's
go all right boys let's bankrupt these
scammers appreciate you bro for spotting
me $20 I was broke as a joke I'll just
spend it wisely ooh thanks Dad oh don't
worry we're going to leave this casino
millionaires you hear that [ __ ] we're
going to own this casino what do you
think it's going to land on Marvin what
does 1 to 12 mean well apparently it's
the age you have to be to order a
[ __ ] cheese pizza at Applebees oh
well I'm going to put on that what about
you Simmons black where oh sorry my my
cop instincts kicked in you meant on the
table I'm going to go with boobies they
never failed me it never lands on double
zero I'm going to bet on the age of
consent oh no no no no not not 13 I'm a
cop I I actually know the age of consent
not the age of consent in Japan look it
up it's true it was 13 until just this
year they bumped it up to 16 I guess
that's progress okay [ __ ] spin that
[Music]
[ __ ] come on come on 18 18 block block
block where where where come on d0o come
on Z make me a
millionaire 17 yes I won [ __ ] I was one
off that has to count for something
right damn it damn it damn it damn it
damn it wait wait did I win was it 1 to
12 is 17 between 1 and 12 no no only
Simmons won all right give me my money
baby okay guys we only got one bet left
well I got three I'm a stick with my
boobies it never lands on that I'm going
to go all in on red H tempting but I'm
going to put it on the number of times
I've cheated on my wife 28 I've counted
um what does ODD mean really Marvin it
means if it lands on an odd number okay
well can you put mine on even for me
okay yeah fine okay ho could you spin
that
[Music]
please come on 28 come on 28 red red
red double zero woo yeah that's right
[ __ ] I'm a millionaire hey come here
ho I'm a millionaire you know it only
pays out $350 right and you owe me 20 of
that [ __ ] I don't know you all this
money going to the strip club for some
hoes I want to what are you talking
about Simmons it landed on dble zero
that's green no it's red what wait
Simmons are you color blind what's that
what color is this Matt uh red oh Jesus
you're color blind wait did I win no
Marvin it landed on double zeros you bet
on even numbers well double zero is even
what are you talking about well because
each person gets zero but what okay look
if we had one apple then we have an odd
amount of apples right but if we each
had an apple that's an even amount of
apples but if we both had no apples we
evenly have nothing huh yeah yeah wait
wait a minute did he win no no no no
this is [ __ ] I want to talk to the
manager yeah I definitely wanton get the
manager is there a problem here
gentlemen yeah Marvin you tell them what
you told me okay so I bet on even
numbers and it landed on double zero
correct so did I win no well well you
see double z is an even number cuz each
person gets zero and double Zer is
exactly how many house payments you've
made this month Marvin so why the hell
are you spending money in my Casino it
was only $20 get the [ __ ] out what about
my friend he's colorblind in zero looks
red to him get the [ __ ] out okay let's
go to the strip
[Music]
club uh can someone increase the poll
please oh sweet Jesus if I had any money
left I'd give it to her and she'd forget
I existed excuse me ma'am what are you
willing to do for $3 uh nothing you're a
cop a damn it Simmons we're still
dressed like cops of course she's not
willing to have sex with you in exchange
for $3 uh ma' we are cops but when we
get off duty you should talk to him he's
a very nice man okay whatever I want to
leave no Marvin come on have some fun
look at the [ __ ] that's someone's
daughter I have a daughter ma'am what do
I have to do to make sure my daughter
doesn't end up like you don't kick her
out of the house at 16 okay I'll write
that down but what about 18 I don't know
I didn't make it get that far how many
kids do you have four and a half what
does half mean all right [ __ ] I got
$350 in one so let me see that ass twerk
a little bit oh that's what I'm talking
about hey hey hey meet me in the
bathroom right now oh what's wrong
Simmons are you sad that she wouldn't
have sex with you for $3 yeah I'm sorry
buddy you think the next stripper will
do it no okay well how about this I got
one more dollar you think we can do it
for four yeah yeah we'll get her to do
it next stripper please coming up next
on stage we have
Clarissa oh no way no [ __ ] way boys
it's the Applebee's waitress hi hey you
guys again you walked out without paying
your bill yeah well we had a really
important call at the
casino actually they robbed us well that
came out of my pay well sorry is that
why you're dancing here I worked two
jobs to provide for my son oh that's sad
Simmons ask her the question ma'am what
are you willing to do for $4 nothing
leave me alone oh look you made Simmons
sad look please he really just wants to
have sex with a woman tonight for a
ridiculously small amount of money well
I really need the money okay wait so
that's a yes yes get on the ground [ __ ]
you're under arrest what yeah you're
under arrest for prostitution we got her
Simmons yeah I always get him with the
puppy dog o wait wait what's going on oh
every week me and Simmons go to strip
clubs to see if we can arrest the
strippers for prostitution Simmons
usually does get them she's going to
lose her job at Applebees yeah hey what
you do with my go friend get him Greg I
got you baby oh look Simmon's a
challenger get him Marvin what me what
you want old man nothing I don't want
anything Marvin here said he was going
to P your girlfriend what I I didn't say
I'd P they said they'd Pap and I I said
I'd P was that Applebees me and you
outside right now I'mma beat your ass
what go on Marvin kick his ass no I'm
going to lose come on Marvin it's a
classic strip club fight you got him he
looks like a [ __ ] what I can't fight
I'm not come on Marvin you can do it no
Marvin what happened to you he had the
time of his life that's what happened oh
well I'm glad you enjoyed your boy night
out no Marvin I know you lost that fight
but we arrested that guy and he's in
jail for assault now a fight oh yeah uh
it was at Applebee's they only gave him
four mozzarella sticks and things got
pretty heated oh my God guys I had the
night of my life man boys night out that
was a blast I had Burgers cash in ass
woo talk about a night to live for ohoo
man we need to do this more often ask
what is he talking about oh uh we we
went to a donkey show at Applebee's
where where the donkeys they they get up
on stage and dance yeah yeah anyway me
and Simmons are going to go back to
selling calendars come on Simmons let's
get on the invisible police
[Music]
horse