hey daddy do you know if the windows on
the house are hammer proof no jeffy
they're not how do you know have you
tested it no jeffy i haven't tested it
well how do you know if you haven't
tested it because jeffy i know if a
hammer hits a glass window it's gonna
shatter well have you done that no all
right well then i'm just trying to have
a scientific method i have a hypothesis
and i'm trying to test the hypothesis
you're not gonna test it jeffy look
you're not gonna try to break these
windows you don't want me to be
scientists you're not gonna be a
scientist jeffy this is my house these
are my rules and you're not gonna do it
i hate you
marvin he just wants to be a scientist
why do you always take his side i'm
sorry
screw my daddy you know what
what's wrong jeffy junior i'm so tired
of my daddy telling me what to do he
said it's his house and his rules well
if you had your own house you could make
up your own rules yeah junior but i
don't know how to get my own house hmm
you could get a tree house watch a train
house it's a house and a tree that makes
so much sense so we can go outside and
find the perfect tree and then get
someone to build a tree house that would
be the titties so let's go all right
let's go all right jeffy what tree would
be the perfect tree to put our tree
house in hmm oh junior this one right
here oh my god yeah this is the perfect
tree it's it's like speaking to me
there's gonna be a pretty nice house in
this baby all right let's go call the
contractor oh let's do it all right
jeffy i'm calling the construction
company
hey there this is three little pigs
construction company what'll it be straw
wood or brick hey we need you to build
us a house okay uh what do you need it
done by um can you come over now and do
it
now like right now yeah we'll go to like
right now well houses take a couple
months to build a couple months we want
you to build it today well uh all right
but like what even is your budget jeffy
what does budget mean oh no um
whatever it takes oh okay big spender
all right i like that uh yeah well
work's been a little slow recently so i
guess i could do that today i'll uh i'll
pick up the supplies and be right over
all right awesome thanks
all right jeffy he's coming over to
build the house right now should we oh
let's go outside and wait for him okay
hey there you the guys that called me
about building a house yeah well you
guys look a little young to be able to
afford to build a house like what do you
inherit some money like your parents die
in a car accident or something wait we
need money well yeah you gotta have
money to build a house how much do we
need i don't know like at least a
hundred thousand dollars a hundred
thousand dollars we don't have that but
what do you mean you don't have that i i
have all the lumber over there to build
a 3 000 square foot house well we don't
need a real house we need a tree house a
tree house you you didn't say a tree
house on the phone you just said you
needed a house not a tree house well i
assume you knew i was a little kid and i
wanted a tree house no why would i
assume that no i thought you meant a
real house i'm not building you a tree
house in this shitty little tree but
you're not building us a treehouse is
that because you don't know how to build
one but no i know how to build one i'm
just not doing it because i'm i'm a
professional i build real houses i don't
have time for this he doesn't know how
to build one yeah no i don't think he's
qualified he's not another one yeah i
know how to build a house i can build
the biggest bestest tree house ever i
didn't prove it yeah prove it then okay
i will
and done yeah check that out is that a
treehouse or what it looks like a
[ __ ] treehouse to me huh
[ __ ]
yeah oh you said oh he can't make a tree
house he doesn't know how to do it well
look look what i did i made a tree house
how about that oh my god this is the
coolest house i've ever seen it's
perfect yeah damn right it is now
imagine if i had built you a real house
it would have been this but 20 times
bigger oh how do you do stuff like this
it's so amazing i don't know i'm the
[ __ ] what can i say i just piss
excellence oh jeffy go inside it all
right oh my gosh so cool wow it's so
roomy in here no you're damn right it is
it's a full two square feet i'm going
inside with him oh this is so cool oh
thanks mister all right so how are you
going to pay me we said we didn't have
any money oh that's right i did this to
prove a point damn my ego anyway i'm
going to go home and have a drink just
hope no hurricanes come by oh jeffy this
house is so cool okay uh what's the
first thing we're going to do we need to
establish some rules so rule number one
no daddy's allowed yeah yeah no parents
allowed stuff like that yeah yeah let me
go get a sharpie so we can write the
rules all right and done no danny's
allowed so if my daddy tries to come in
i'll point right there and say suck it
that'll show him sure will what's the
next rule i think we should only allow
girls with big booties who don't wipe oh
yeah where we're going to write that at
oh right here okay that's right there
hey junior you're not answering my calls
i thought we were friends oh i must have
left my phone inside oh well like you
didn't answer my calls so i came over
and i rang the doorbell for like five
minutes and you still didn't answer so i
was going to come in through the back
door and then i saw you so like what the
hell man oh no me and jeffy got a tree
house built oh that's so cool can i go
inside yeah come inside cody oh i see
i'm not allowed inside what do you mean
it says no daddy's allowed and people
call me daddy oh no i meant like like no
father is like your dad's not allowed oh
no it's fine the rules are the rules i
don't mind i'm just gonna go home but uh
keep your phone on you okay uh what what
other stuff does this house have um oh
jeffy look down here is that a swing
jeffy it looks like a junior let's get
on it yeah get out of get up
we're swingers junior this is so fun i
love being a swinger i wish people could
join us
yeah i'm glad to see you enjoying that
swing like you you didn't even ask for
that i just did it because you your
little puny mind couldn't even conceive
of such a thing but me i'm an
architectural genius i'm a badass you
hear that stacy huh you don't want to go
to prom with me but now look at me i'm
building tree houses i'm building swings
where you guys are two ugly kids no no
swings no tree houses i'm sorry i'm
rambling about my problems you mind if i
litter
um well you know be really cool if you
could build us like a swimming pool
under the tree house you know what for
you for you buddy anything hold on i'll
be right back who can get a swimming
pool to our treehouse
boom swimming pool and it's totally not
just the ball from the kitchen i filled
with water jeffy we have a swimming pool
now let's go swimming fda junior hold on
cause it can also be
damn it damn things
a hot tub now you just gotta wait an
hour oh mister you do so much cool stuff
for us yeah take that property brothers
i don't even need a hot twin oh what's
up what's the more stuff we can add to
the house um we could add like a front
door we could add like a like a little
window
that rusty nail just stabbed me oh
that's not good you might get tetanus
what's tetanus oh it's where your body
gets all stiff and then you die i don't
wanna die go to the hospital someone
call a doctor i actually am a doctor
never mind i'm gonna go home and get
another drink all right well i'm just
going to be in my tree house
oh marvin i'm starting to get hungry
what do you want to eat for dinner ooh
we could order pizza that sounds good
let me tell jeffy jeffy we're ordering
pizza
jeffy we're orderly pizza
huh that's weird marvin he usually comes
running when he hears the word pizza i
know let's go check on him what the
jeffy what is this it's my tree house
daddy a tree house it's all rusty and it
looks bad oh i think it's cute it's not
cute jeffy get out we have to tear this
thing down it's making the neighborhood
look bad no dang this is my house and i
live here now it's not a house jeffy
it's just a bunch of wood nailed
together well isn't that what a house is
shut up jeffy let's get out no this is
my tree house and i'm gonna live here i
want to go in
well let me in too no day you're not
allowed no daddy's a lot why am i not
allowed because you're mean and mommy's
not oh thanks jeffy wait so i'm mean
because i wouldn't let you shatter my
windows with a hammer exactly but the
jeffy that this is so stupid look let me
in no you're not allowed gay read the
rule oh fine i don't want to go inside
your stupid ugly dumb tree house anyway
it's dumb and it's ugly and it's stupid
so i'm going inside my real house with
air conditioning and water and and when
it rains you're gonna get all wet so
come on baby let's go oh but i want to
hang out with jeffy no baby come on
you're coming with me
let me see this stupid jeffy marvin what
are you doing looking at jeffy and this
dumb stewart tree house like why am i
not allowed in why do you care i don't
care that i'm not allowed in i just want
to know why i'm not allowed in you're
like why not me marvin i think you're
jealous i'm not jealous about this
stupid dumb treehouse it's dumb it's for
kids and just why am i not allowed in on
his own dad like you should let me in
marvin those are the rules i'm gonna get
inside that stupid tree house i'm gonna
put on disguise and he's gonna let me in
all right this disguise is gonna work
rooting tooting shooting
oh baby stop it jeffy
what what are you doing playing tickle
fish what are you doing i mean i'm a
lonely cowboy i lost my horse and i was
wondering if there's someone i could
stay for the night so can i go inside
your nice looking tree house no there's
no room sorry but jeffy i'm gonna find a
way to get inside your tree house daddy
is that you
wait you bought a horsey can i pet it oh
he didn't let me in oh
marvin i didn't know you were such a
sexy cowboy you should lasso me up i
want to get inside that treehouse marvin
forget the stupid tree house pay
attention to me no i'm a good demand
jeffy to let me inside that trail i'm
gonna demand him to let me in
oh my god you have your own house and
your own swimming pool you're so
successful yep just doing adult things
ooh daddy
why did you call me daddy oh no
i'm not allowed in my own house
[Applause]
all right jeffy i demand you to let me
inside your tree house well daddy i'm
not even allowed inside my own tree
house anymore why because that girl
called me daddy and rule number one no
daddy's allowed that's stupid jeffy okay
since you're not allowed in it what are
you gonna do with it now i'm probably
just gonna have to put it on the market
you can't put it on the market jeffy you
can't sell something that's in my
backyard oh oh look that's my realtor
right now mr realtor hey there jeffy i
just put the house on the market we've
already got 50 people lined up to take a
look at it no no no you cannot sell this
house it's in my backyard excuse me sir
you're looking to buy this house cause
you'll have to wait in line no i'm not
looking to buy it's in my backyard you
can't sell it oh look jeffy here comes
the first buyer now hey there i'm
interested in this property can you tell
me more about it well as you can see
it's a beautiful home a full two square
feet it has a swimming pool and a swing
and it has a beautiful waterfront
property oh wonderful i'll take it for 2
million cash sold jeffy you are a very
rich man why is your doing business with
you well no no no this is not right you
cannot sell a tree houses in my backyard
marvin is that you
give me your house
payments boom mommy look at all this
cash it's too milly right here oh my god
marvin where did jeffy get all this
money he sold the treehouse that was in
the backyard but marvin isn't that on
your property yeah so you owe me some of
this money jeffy no i don't daddy cause
you didn't even like the tree house i
liked the tree house i was just i was
just jealous you know i i wanted to be
in that tree i was with you so look can
you just give me a little bit of this
money no daddy i'm gonna use this money
to start a new business flipping tree
houses oh my god marvin the weather app
says that a 30-second hurricane just
flew over us a 30-second hurricane
the treehouse oh my god it got destroyed
oh no my house
my baby i put minutes of work into this
thing goodman are you sad only a little
because i took out a 4 million dollar
insurance policy on it because i paid
two million so i made two million
dollars so poor me wow it's pretty crazy
that that hurricane blew by in only 30
seconds and only hit this one tree and
not your house man global warming right
[Music]