so guys what do you want to do today
dude let's play fortnite they restarted
the season one no way guys we have to
run trios sorry guys I can't I have my
job at Red Lobster Cody when did you
start working at Red Lobster last week
dude we're kids why are you working well
when we get older we're going to have
responsibility so if I start working at
the Red Lobster now maybe by the time
I'm 18 I could be the manager of a Red
Lobster or maybe even the owner the
possibilities are just as endless as
they're Cheddar Bay Biscuits but Cody we
got to have fun we're only kids once
well you only get a chance to work at
Red Lobster once and I'm not going to
pass that up Red Lobster needs me yeah
they actually really need me cuz they
just fired six waiters last week for
smoking crack in the kitchen it was a
big problem oh well why are you wearing
a lobster costume oh well they started
making the waiters wear this because
whenever you smoke crack in this costume
the antennas alert the manager that you
were smoking crack so he can fire you
for smoking crack cuz so many people
were doing it anyway sorry guys I have
to go climb the corporate ladder and not
smoke any
crack oo Bo thank you for taking me to
this nice fancy restaurant R yeah what
can I say I'm the [ __ ] Bo why' you have
to wear that shirt though it's kind of
embarrassing what are you talking about
Karen this is the shirt I always wear
when I'm eating at Red Lobster you see
how the dinosaur saying Yum that's me
eating at Red Lobster hey everybody I'm
Cody the lobster and I'll be your waiter
I got you some cheddar B biscuits to get
started no no no no no hold on you
didn't bring any for my wife but sir I
brought you four to share no no no no
see I don't share I start with four okay
you can just keep them coming go back
there and tell the kitchen it's going to
be a rough night if at any point I hear
you say sir would you like more cheddar
bay biscuits I will scream and I may
assault you Bo stop it I like my goddamn
Cheddar Bay Biscuits Karen you're
embarrassing me Bo okay now for drink I
will have a Coke is Pepsi okay oh [ __ ]
what's wrong Bo did you not hear his
question Karen he asked if Pepsi was
okay what's wrong with Pepsi of course
Pepsi's not okay nobody wants Pepsi
that's why you had to ask they can't
even afford to sponsor the halftime show
anymore everybody hates Pepsi I'll take
a Pepsi no she won't we will both have
Dr peps now for eat I will look at the
menu but B let him come back we're not
ready I'm ready I just have to look for
a second but I don't know what I want I
know what you want you want the two
Lobster taals and so do I and also the
lobster pizza and the lobster Linguini
like that guy from Ratatouille you know
what [ __ ] it bring me an entire Lobster
so I can look at it while I'm eating and
say I'm eating your whole family and
you're next okay now give me those
cheddar biged
biscuits uh Chef I have their order will
be out okay yeah they want some Lobster
p Pizza Lobster Linguini four lobster
tails and one whole lobster all right
say byebye the lobster why would I do
that cuz he's going in the boiling water
but that'll kill him no [ __ ] that's how
you cook him no please no in you go
oh
no okay here's your tortured Lobster
thank you uh this all looks great but um
[ __ ] biscuits oh right yeah here's 17
more Cheddar Bay Biscuits is that going
to be enough
oh the fact that you even thought that
could possibly be enough pisses me off
name no go back to the kitchen and tell
them that I ate all of these already
tell them to double it tell them to
cancel everybody else's order and only
make cheddar bay biscuits he gets it Bo
I don't think he does also I was looking
at the menu and I saw that you guys have
endangered baby blue lobster but that's
$500 yeah well I want one cuz I have
expensive taste and I've also never seen
a blue lobster before you want a baby
blue lobster yes to eat okay Karen on
our next vacation can we go to Cheddar
Bay I want to fish a biscuit right out
of the bay myself okay bo uh Chef oh God
I got two more lobsters for you how
incredibly [ __ ] up but but yeah the
table also wants an endangered baby blue
lobster oh goody I love cooking those
but it's just a baby yeah it makes them
taste better so go fetch one out of the
tank I think we got one left you want me
to get it did I [ __ ] stop okay
hey there baby blue lobster I'm going to
have to catch you now so you can die a
horrible death just so some guy can eat
you and probably say you tasted
mediocre
sorry here I go no I can't do it I'm
going to save you little guy where's C
with my baby blue lobster ke where's the
baby blue lobster
krie oh [ __ ] sake oh Karen that
Lobster pizza was just awful my pasta
was good where is he who the lobster cuz
he's in my belly no the wait up oh yeah
I was wondering that too cuz I'm all out
of cheddar bay biscuits and he barely
brought me any even though I told him to
keep him coming also where is my baby
blue lobster he stole it didn't he what
did he I don't know I don't know what
goes on back there ma'am I'm going to go
find him well Karen I think we should
probably get the check I wish I could
have gotten a chedd Big Biscuit well
maybe one day guys help wait Cody what
is that it's a baby blue lobster I
didn't know lobsters could be blue yeah
unless the Lobster's really really sad
guys blue lobsters are really rare and
this one's endangered but Gordon Ramsey
was going to boil it alive oh dude
that's sick I bet he tastes really
really good with butter yummy I no I
saved him from being eaten with butter
well congratulations [ __ ] well now that
you saved him what are you going to do
with him I don't know I was thinking
about keeping him or maybe I'll release
him back into the ocean would you like
that little guy you want to go back to
the ocean with your homies he's
definitely a crib throwing a big Seas
over there see wait if you release them
back in the ocean wouldn't they just
catch them and then eat them again oh
yeah you're right there are no good
options well just because you saved one
Lobster Cody there's still lobsters that
die every day well I'm going to dedicate
the rest of my life to saving lobsters
that's stupid Cody you're not going to
stop from every Lobster from dying well
[ __ ] I'm going to try that's like
becoming vegan and thinking I'm not
going to eat a cheeseburger I'm always
going to eat cheeseburgers guys I don't
know what to do wait guys do you hear
that what is that beeping it sounds like
it's coming from your costume why would
my costume be beeping I haven't smoked
any
crack there there's someone at the door
I I'll get it hello where is he where's
who the man in the lobster costume he
stole my blue lobster oh how do you know
he's here because I have a tracking
device in his costume in case he smokes
crack oh well he's not here [ __ ]
don't lie to me I haven't tracked right
here on my phone oh well he came by
earlier and he left the costume that's
why it says he's here but he's not here
anymore all right well then let me come
inside oh my dad said don't talk to
strangers and you're not a cop so I got
to go told you shut the door hey hey hey
get back here over the door let me in
who is at the door Junior it was Gordon
ramsy oh no hell's kitchen's Gordon
ramsy what did he want he said he could
track your Lobster suit I thought that
was only if I smoke crack I guess he can
track it whenever he wants wait wait
where's the blue lobster oh he's in that
little rock over there let me see oh
yeah I can see him in the reflection
that's cool that he's in there yeah oh
well I told Gordon Ramsey he can't come
inside unless he has a cop with him oh
that's a good
idea let me see who that is hello ah the
cop yeah the cop and Gordon ramsy see
earlier tonight I was eating at Red
Lobster and I ordered the baby blue
lobster but I didn't get it because it
turns out someone stole it so guess
what's not in my belly right now uh oh
can I have a hint it's the baby blue
lobster it's it's not that hard I didn't
get a chance to eat it but Gordon Ramsey
here told me that you closed the door in
his face so now I have a warrant and I'm
going to come in and look for my baby
blue lobster and I'm coming in too okay
well you can't see I I can cuz I'm a cop
and I have a warrant but you don't so
that's it's company policy I I'm sorry
so you're just going to have to wait in
the car I'll tell you how it goes but
it's cold out here no I'm sorry I'm
sorry Gordon Ramsey just wait in the car
I'll be right back where is he huh [ __ ]
where is who the blue lobster where is
he I don't know wait a minute Gordon
Ramsey told me a guy in a lobster
costume stole the blue lobster and you
were my waiter right yeah but I didn't
steal no Lobster then what's with the
fish tank oh it's empty there's no fish
in there or Lobster then I guess you
won't mind if I look around H I don't
see a blue lobster I feel like I should
should look in that rock over there but
Po's arm doesn't extend that far so I
guess I believe you yeah yeah yeah the
fish tank is empty cuz my fish drowned
oh yeah I hate when that happens yeah I
remember when my fish died you had a pet
fish that died yeah he got hit by a car
how does he get hit by a car well it's a
very sad and confusing story but I'll
tell you so I was in third grade and it
was bring your pet to school day and I
brought my pet fish stinky I called him
that cuz his tank was always stinky cuz
I never cleaned it anyway I brought him
to school and all the other kids brought
their pets were cats and dogs and snakes
and iguanas you know cool pets all I had
was my stupid fish so I sat down at my
desk in front of this kid named fish
thrower Felix I was actually the only
one who called him that and you're about
to find out why see Fish thrower Felix
stuck his hand in my fish bowl and
pulled out my fish and said hey if you
like your fish so much why don't you go
get them and he threw my fish out the
window into the street and then I looked
out the window and saw my worst
nightmare coming true old man Teddy came
puttering down the street in his monster
truck and I said hey old man Teddy watch
out don't run over my pet fish but old
man Teddy couldn't hear at all and he
was blind as a bat and he couldn't drive
so he ran right over my fish and he went
on to crush six cars killing 12 people
and he crashed into the site of a
children's hospital exploding in a huge
fiery mess it was an honest to God
disaster I mean it was a national
tragedy it was all over the news but I
ran outside and I held my squished fish
but nobody else cared because everything
around me was on fire and I begged the
paramedic to revive my fish but they
just didn't care cuz they were too busy
pulling bodies out of the cars man that
story was really sad yeah it was but it
was just a goldfish I'm over it and I
guess you kids didn't steal the blue
lobster cuz I don't see it in the tank
and it would be pretty hard to hide cuz
you know he's so blue yeah there's no
blue lobster in there at all okay I'll
go tell Gordon Ramsey who was wrong wow
Junior that was a close one it was a
close one dude I got him to get out of
the rug so what are we going to do with
it now I think we should keep him oh if
we're going to keep him then we should
name him let's name him something that's
blue hm what are blue things H we can
name him blueberry no that's stupid what
about Eiffel 65 he's not from Paris Cody
no you know cuz they did the song I'm
Blue shut up Cody you're going to get us
copyright stried okay Joseph you know
anything that's blue uh blue waffle oh I
do like blue waffle you like that name
oh know he's running away from that name
a hm how about we name him Dory from
Finding Nemo but he's not a fish dude
he's a lobster lobsters are fish Joseph
no they're not dude if it lives in the
water it's a fish whatever what about
bluee I mean bluee would be a good name
but he's not a dog wait you hear that
noise what what's those alarm noises I
just did a whole bunch of crack Junior I
wanted to see if the suit would find out
and it
[Music]
did