happy birthday Junior thanks guys so
what' your dad get you for your birthday
dude yeah did he get you a car well it
is my 16th birthday so hopefully my dad
got me a Corvette like I've always
wanted your dad cannot afford a Corvette
yeah be realistic dude maybe a Honda
he's had 16 years to save up money he
definitely got me a Corvette and I can
see it now driving with the top down
with a hot girl in my passenger seat
Junior I'm right here you're the hot
girl I'm talking about mhm I'm not
talking about her I'm talking like I'll
have a new girl every single day just
straight up Road Dome I don't blame you
dude hey Junior happy birthday you
little brat you finally 16 and grew some
hair on your balls thanks Dad so did you
get me a gift maybe one with a steering
wheel oh yeah it's a big ass steering
wheel you know Corvettes known for their
big ass steering wheels I don't think so
all right Dad I'm ready to see it okay
so close your eyes and walk down the
stairs backwards all right going right
now Corvette Corvette Corvette Corvette
Corvette Corvette he's not getting a
Corvette yeah he shouldn't have walked
down the STS backwards with his eyes
Clos all right Junior turn around oh man
I'm so excited happy
birthday dad what is this this is a big
rig a 18 Willer you got me a semi- truck
for my first car no I got you a career
you can make so much money with this I
wanted a Corvette how is a Corvette
going to make you money silly look look
why would I give you a fish when I could
teach you how to fish this is your
fishing pole junior fishing pole yeah
are you a virgin of course I am Dad I'm
16 look all you got to do is pull it to
a truck stop and you'll be sworn with
lot lizardon I used to to get three at
one time yeah so uh go ahead get in I'll
see you in 6 years 6 years yeah bye
adios I don't even know how to drive
this
thing wow I can't believe my dad got me
a stupid semi-truck for my 16th birthday
no one's going to be my friend after I
drive this how do I even start
it who easy girl
easy hey trucker 457 do you copy trucker
457 do you copy
yes yes yes I copy what's your trucker
sign and where you located U this is
Puffy Cheeto coming out of Florida what
you need big dog What You Haul in there
puppy Cheeto uh I'm carrying two pigs
and a pony but I got room for a
caterpillar can you come byy a big of a
load for Seattle y Seattle yes sir yeah
I'll be there two fortn nights and a
pickle all right
coming got to start
driving I want to dve All Night
Long give me give me give me give me
give me yeah life is a
high she want to ride it all night
long hey don't you pull in front of me
don't you pull in front of me oh you
 you you know how heavy this
truck is I can't just stop it need some
Doritos
Coke pueto puffy Cheeto do you copy this
is pig
snot hey Pig snot this puppy Cheeto I
copy copy puppy Cheeto you got the one
can of Drifter wall to wall and Treet
top tall I'm tanning listening in
sitting aside yeah I'm going to go ah
head down and Hammer Down the
accelerator to get some of this Go Go
Juice and Motion Lotion to keep this
bird flying copy puffy look out for them
lot lizards is me and season ding heat
oh snout I'm me for me one of them
iguanas I need my weener slip coj with
the Kodak at the such and such yard all
right I'm pulling up to the Love's gas
station right now I got to go now
got to fill up on
fuel time to fuel up hey big boy looking
for some company oh yeah my pony needs
some riding but I got to fill up big
birday here and then head on the i110 oh
I want to be filled up too and guess
what my snatch looks like that roast
beef with the cheddar oh damn you're one
of them lot of guanas aren't you yep
Ribbit okay how much how much you got um
think I got 20 well I'll tell you what
for 60 I'll slurp up a curly fry with my
deal all right let's get going yeah get
up in
there all filled up ready to go I love
Arby's roast beef and cheddar sandwi
puffy Cheeto come in puffy Cheeto this
is Puffy Cheeto how's it going PX smell
Cy puffy Cheeto it's going pretty good
how is your stuff oh I had a lot lizard
tickle my pickle and stick a curly fry
in her ass I know that for true and I
ate the curly fry oh you nasty sh some
bits heads up puppet Cheeto we got a
couple Big Bears doing a doy do nor of
yell on I10 so keep your eyes peeled and
your boots flat there's Bernie five
sitting on the get arm shot you in the
gas oh darn it P now he got me he's
pulling me over oh hold on I got my
log papers I'm good I'm good i' I've
only been driving for 9 hours I have two
more hours on my drive log all right I'm
pulling over stupid Bears I hate
when they get me
excuse me sir you know why you pulled
you over did I reach the maximum weight
limit to be a truck driver yeah I'll say
you did you get your log book oh yeah if
you check the Love's bathroom 2 miles
back I put a big log book in the toilet
H yeah good joke well I actually see it
right here yeah it's pretty heavy yeah
it seems like you're doing important
business so uh what are you hauling ass
oh yeah I know that I got you doing 70
in the construction zone you could have
killed someone listen buddy I got to
make it to Los anges by 7:00 p.m. where
Big Tony's going to cut my hours oh yeah
you don't want to piss off big Tony no I
do not I got three kids at four women I
got to pay child support that's actually
crazy but seriously what's in the
trailer oh Costco has another shipment
of lube for Diddy damn that's a lot of
lube yeah I'm one of 10 truck so buddy I
got to get going okay well can you at
least open it up so I can just make sure
yeah let me meet you down
there you okay yeah let's make this
quick I got to pass the big ball of yarn
by five all right sorry about this man I
know you're just trying to do your job
but we've had people trying to sneak
illegal immigrants across the border so
I just have to make sure oh no Mr police
officer it's fine I'm not trying to
sneak illegal immigrants across the
border oh
no what was that uh nothing look look
help me open the door it's really heavy
okay yeah but don't let go it'll sling
back and stay behind it the whole time b
b b
b what was that uh nothing wait where's
all the lube oh darn it oh Diddy must
have got to the baby oil while I was
driving oh damn that Diddy well
everything seems okay you just drive
safe all right uh thank you officer oh
that was close you know Joseph it's been
a long time since we've seen Junior it's
been like 6 months I know dude I'm kind
of worried what happened to him well
maybe his dad actually did get him that
Corvette and he's just been driving
around with girls but what about us he
could have came and picked us up well it
is a two-seater oh yeah you right you're
right did you hear that yeah what is
that Jesus Junior what happened to you
dude you're huge as hell thank you guys
my dad got me a big rig for my 16th
birthday a big rig like an 18 wheeler
yep and I'm a certified truck driver I
drive up and down the United States
looking for bears and lot lizards I'm
living the dream guys okay why are you
so fat why am I so fat I'm a truck
driver I have to be fat I drive for 12
hours a day and all I eat is McDonald's
and Arby's and if there's a Subway I
wait in line but then I look over at
Arby's and I get a beef and cheddar with
curly fries oh oh God Junior you stink
yeah dude that's just how I smell I'm a
truck driver all truck drivers smell
like this I mean the only time we can
shower is at a gas station but why would
I use a shower at a gas station that's
just disgusting I'd rather smell bad and
no matter what soap I use I always smell
this bad once I sit in my truck again I
mean this this is just the life this is
just the smell of a professional truck
driver okay so why do you do this why do
I do it I got a 401k do you have a 401k
no I have a lot I make a lot of money I
make six figures a year but I'm still
broke as hell why are you so broke I
have to pay child support Cody child
support how could you possibly have a
child it's only been 6 months I don't
know Cody as soon as I went and dropped
my first load off they handed me child
support papers I'm paying child support
on three kids well who do you even have
a child with Junior oh God that's my
wife you're married to Penelope yeah as
soon as you become a truck driver you
have to married with a woman that's
bigger than you Junior you owe me child
support I don't get paid till Tuesday
God damn it why are you so big what how
are you bigger than me well Junior
there's nothing to do while you're way
so I just eat snacks and watch gry
Anatomy my job is to drive for 12 hours
a day and eat fast food how are you
possibly bigger than me there's no way
my job is to be fat there's no way
you're bigger than me Junior I'm sorry
okay there's just nothing else for me to
do with nothing else for you to do you
go to the gym and be hot for me for when
I get home you don't see me except for
twice a year so when I get home I want a
hot wife to look at not this big fat
lard ass well if you pay child support
maybe I'll lose the weight well I do pay
child support but every time I do I get
a warant in another state for being
behind on child support I don't know
what's happening with my life how the
hell are you bigger than me guys I'm a
hit her no dude I don't blame you Jor
you can't hit her truck drivers are
allowed to beat their wives if if their
wife is bigger than them after we
provide and we drive all around the
country and we come home and our wife's
bigger than them we we can we can hit
them it's a part of the Creed dude I
don't blame you hen your business all
right come here Junior get away
from me I'm hitting you Junior stop
it junor come on D they're just going to
belly bump and then
fall see and now it's going to take
forever to pick their ass
up I can't get up don't help that
up she needs to do some workouts yeah
keep eating cinnamon rolls I saw the
charges on my card they're good you're a
big okay you're just rude all
right guys I got to get going I got to
get the Montgomery by 8:00 Montgomery
yeah I got to pick up toilet paper and
deliver it to Nebraska Nebraska yeah and
I'm already getting in trouble with my
boss because last night I fell asleep
while driving and Lightning McQueen slid
out the back of my trailer and he's lost
I don't know where he's at well maybe
check Radiator Springs you know where
he's at it's just a hunch okay I'm going
to go try to find Lightning McQueen and
get him to the big race in
California
Jesus life is a
high she want to ride it all night long
I'm so tired let me drink some of my
coffee Cheeto do you cop
me hey Pig not this is Puffy Cheeto oh
what's wrong puffy you sound like you
got an alligator in the why well I just
saw my wife after 6 months and she's
bigger than me welcome to the club yeah
how she bigger than us exactly how is
she bigger than us like my job is to sit
here for 12 hours and eat fast food how
could you be fatter than me well did you
hit her yet of course I had to Popp her
pigs now hell right teach her lesson oh
pigs now I'm getting really tired I'm
over my hours don't you fall asleep
don't you be a I'm I'm not going
to fall asleep I'm just going to keep
drinking my coffees I've had three 5H
hour energies oh Puffy Cheeto you know
that ain't safe you know what you need
to do you just need to do a little
cocaine I don't know how to get cocaine
I've been talking a lot lizards trying
to get them I'm just going to drink more
coffee hold
on wait oh hold on oh my chest my chest
hurt so much
puffo oh oh puffo don't oh he
done had a heart attack
 what's happening oh hey you're
alive all right doctor what happened
well you drank too many energy drinks
and ate too much fast food so you had a
heart attack while driving oh know that
I crash my big rig oh yeah definitely
you plowed into standstill traffic and
you killed about 27 people oh no am I
going to jail no cuz you had a medical
emergency okay well I got to get back to
driving I got to make it to Vermont by
7:00 uh no you actually can't drive
anymore what how am I going to pay my
child support Junior are you okay how
are you bigger than me what how you've
gotten even bigger there's no way my job
is to sit down and eat fast food for 12
hours a day how is she bigger than me
it's like she's trying to out fat me
Junior I'm just a little bloated cuz I'm
on my period I'm a hit her I have to hit
her yeah go ahead you're a truck driver
your jobs to be fat how is she bigger
than you now how you bigger than me come
on I'm hitting you
[Music]