[Music]
so baby what do you want for dinner
tonight jelly beans jelly beans not a
meal for dinner scooby dooby [ __ ] give a
[ __ ] i want a scooby snack now i want
scooby snacks jeffy we don't have any
scooby snacks he means jelly beans
marvin he does not mean jelly beans he
wants a scooby snack it's a dog treat oh
right here pull my mouth catch
you're making a mess don't keep throwing
jelly beans on the couch you you're
making a mess sorry marvin oh look the
news
[Music]
breaking news a man was awarded $50
million from starbucks after he spilled
coffee in his lap suffering serious
burns wait is that real is that [ __ ]
real he got $50 million for spilling
coffee on himself that guy got $50
million just by spilling a starbucks
drink on himself where's scooby
snacks who's at the door hello hey
marvin what what are you doing here
goodman why do you have no shirt on cuz
i'm about to make $50 million how are
you going to make $50 million
you're not going to
[ __ ] you call a lawyer right [ __ ] now
i'm about to be so [ __ ] paid are you
getting paid call them hey there what
brings you to my lawyer's office today i
would like to sue starbucks for $50
million please because i was drinking
one of their hot coffees and it attacked
me it attacked you yeah i was holding
the coffee and then i went to take a sip
and i flipped it upside down over my
head and it came gushing out and burnt
the [ __ ] out of my face why did you flip
it upside down above your head because i
was trying to take a sip i was trying to
do the waterfall thing because i was
planning on sharing my coffee and i
didn't want to give anyone else any
germs but the lid wasn't secure and it
came all over my face and burnt the [ __ ]
out of it yeah this sounds a lot like
that other case where the guy burned
himself on hot coffee and got $50
million exactly that's what i'm trying
to do i'm trying to get $50 million for
being a dumbass okay but after that case
they started securing the lids better
well not mine my lid was not secure cuz
look what it did to me h i don't know
this seems too similar to that other
case i think the judge is just going to
throw it out as a frivolous lawsuit okay
well what about ice coffee what about it
well what if i were to take a sip of my
iced coffee and then it came out all
over my face and then i got frostbite or
hypo [ __ ] thermia because the shit's
too cold i don't know it seems like
you're just trying to get money exactly
i want $50 million so [ __ ] easy it's
like $50 million in 3 seconds just for
spilling something on my face yes but
aren't you already rich yes but i can
always be richer i don't know i don't
think i want to be part of this it just
seems wrong listen if you help me with
this lawsuit and i win $50 million i'll
give you 5 million of it that sounds
like you got yourself a case you know if
you were to accidentally spill that cold
coffee all over yourself oh yeah of
course it would be an accident oh m i oh
thank you oh [ __ ] it's so cold my
nipples my [ __ ] my ball sack the only
thing that would warm me up is $50
million in my account please i saw that
that was an accident come on let's go to
court take me to the judge
order order order order i am the
honorable judge boomer and today we will
be hearing a case of mr goodman who is
suing starbucks for $50 million because
he spilled an iced coffee on himself and
claims he got frostbite because the
drink was too cold mr goodman please
explain oh your honor i brooklyn tea
guide will be representing my client as
he is unable to speak due to the severe
injuries caused by the coldness of the
starbucks drink you see your honor my
client just wanted to start his day with
an iced coffee but instead he started
his day in the hospital in unbearable
pain disfigured from the severe
frostbite and brain freeze starbucks
should not be serving their iced coffees
that cold h was the coffee really that
cold as to cause frostbite yes your
honor i've brought an iced coffee for
you to touch let me see this here
ooh that is quite chilly mr starbucks
lawyer what have you to say about this
hi i'm steve sailberger representing
starbucks and this is utterly ridiculous
your honor this is a clear cash grab a
frivolous lawsuit just to get millions
of dollars our iced coffees are no
colder than any other drink i don't know
this is making my hands quite cold while
holding it your honor even if the drink
is cold it's not our fault that the
plaintiff spilled the drink onto himself
once the drink leaves our sore it's no
longer our problem he should have been
more careful while handling the drink
objection your honor that is total
[ __ ] they're telling me if i go to a
bar and get drunk and drive home and
kill someone it's my fault not the bar's
fault for selling me the alcohol
starbucks needs to understand that if it
wasn't for them selling coffee my client
wouldn't have went there to get coffee
and therefore would not have spilled the
drink on himself causing lifelong
injuries that is true if starbucks never
sold coffee in the first place we
wouldn't be having this conversation
your honor please use common sense we
just settled a lawsuit over our drinks
being too hot now this man is claiming
our drinks are too cold which doesn't
even make any sense should we only sell
room temperature drinks h that would be
rather icky your honor may i ask you a
question yes you may do you have
children your honor i do not but i do
have a 5-year-old poodle named pork chop
and i love her dearly well i have a
daughter your honor now what will happen
if we let our children and poor pork
chop grow up in a world without
consequences without consequences people
would steal and murder and pillage yes
this is just an iced coffee but what
will starbucks get away with next rat
poison in their caramel macchiato
cyanide in their cinnamon dolce latte
ryson in their pub cups if we lay the
hammer on them now it will stop them
from feeling like they're invincible
you're right starbucks how dare you you
bastards want to poison pork chop i can
assure you your honor we are not trying
to poison our customers look at pork
chop look at her cute little face you
want to see her foaming at the mouth you
want to take my only happiness away from
me no your honor i have heard enough
starbucks i find you guilty of gross
negligence and improperly serving your
iced coffees too iced at the temperature
of the top of mount everest [ __ ] that's
cold i award the victim $50 million and
starbucks from now on you are required
to make sure you do not serve your
drinks too hot or too cold and you must
make sure the lids are hot glued and
taped on and you must have a warning
label on the cups saying that the drinks
are going to be hot or cold and to
handle with care and also you must also
train your employees how to serve the
drinks properly so that they're not too
hot and they're not too cold and the lid
is secured tightly and whenever they
have customers the drink to make sure
they tell them that it's going to be hot
or cold they need to handle with care
[ __ ] case dismissed this is [ __ ]
[ __ ] man no [ __ ] way i [ __ ]
won you [ __ ] won i actually [ __ ]
won i was just saying total horseshit i
can't believe he blooded i [ __ ] won
we won yay i mean i mean how marvin who
was at the door a few days ago oh that
was goodman oh what did he want oh he
poured a hot starbucks coffee on his
face cuz he was trying to sue them to
get $50 million did he get the money i
don't know i haven't heard from him
morgan look the news
breaking news m hi i'm [ __ ] pay first
name i'm middle name [ __ ] last name
pay because i just won $50 million for
suing the [ __ ] out of starbucks i was
drinking an iced coffee and it [ __ ]
gave me frostbite because it was too
cold how dare them poor me but good
thing with my new $50 million i was able
to buy a new face and you can't even
tell anything happened but i'm still
suffering so hopefully starbucks learns
their lesson so other people don't have
to suffer like me oh my god he actually
did it he got $50 million by pouring a
starbucks drink on his face who's
[ __ ] paid i'm [ __ ] paid who's
[ __ ] paid i'm [ __ ] paid hold on
let me call you on my cash phone
chuch-ching chuch-ching oh it's ringing
you should probably answer it oh good
idea hello excuse me sir i just wanted
to ask if you were [ __ ] paid oh i'm
[ __ ] paid how paid are you [ __ ] oh
that's interesting because i'm also
[ __ ] paid oh what a coincidence we're
both [ __ ] paid yes oh hold on i'm
being rude i have to hang up okay all
three of you have the same hair color
and mustaches don't compare me to poor
people i'm rich well i have $5 million
yeah but that's still upper lower class
i'm richer but you guys committed fraud
and got a bunch of money from it no we
won this money legally yeah it's not
fraud i suffered you saw me pour a hot
coffee on my face and you saw me pour an
ice coffee on my face and and so i think
i should actually get 100 million you
know what i'm going to do i'm going to
go to starbucks and get a hot coffee and
i'm going to boof it and then i'm going
to say that starbucks's coffee was too
hot for my [ __ ] and then i can get
150 million that's a good idea we should
do that well no that's not a good idea
because you guys are taking money from
actual people who suffer you poured that
on your face on purpose but i did suffer
marvin you guys got so much money for no
reason ask me what i'm going to do with
my $5 million what are you going to do
with your $5 million are you going to
give it to charity oh [ __ ] that charity
can lift the left side of my [ __ ] the
right side is reserved for the hookers i
want to buy which some of them might be
named charity and then i will give to
charity my seed on her face and she'll
smile because of all the stacks of cash
she'd be mortified otherwise what are
you going to do with your $50 million
well first i'm going to get a blumkin
from melania trump and then i'm going to
eat an ostrich dick and then i'm going
to have jellyfish dick shashimi and then
with whatever money's left i'm going to
invest it in the s&p 500 cuz it's
[ __ ] the bed right now and then when
it goes back up yummy you think i'm paid
now you should see my money when i get
the s&p 500 to go back up okay so you
guys are just talking about all this fun
stuff you do with money and i'm sitting
here while i'm poor yeah marvin get in
the fast lane commit fraud i mean i can
i yeah anybody can do it [ __ ] lo do i
really go to starbucks and pour coffee
on my face for money no marvin that's
ridiculous besides biggie said more
money more problems
i'm going to go to starbucks what and
get a drink for my mouth oh okay $50
million here i
[Music]
come that was not hot at all that was
room temperature like lukewarm well that
was i'm not hurt at all i'm going to try
to sue him i did it marvin we've talked
about this black face is wrong what no
no i spilled coffee on my face and it
didn't even burn me it was like room
temperature marvin why would you do that
i wanted $50 million and it didn't burn
my face it was just really lukewarm
marvin look the news hello there i'm
steve staleberger and i'm representing
starbucks i'm here to make a statement
on their behalf starbucks will no longer
be selling drinks hot or cold from now
on all of their drinks will be room
temperature so nobody can get injured
and no one will sue us again so i just
poured coffee on my face for no [ __ ]
reason oh hey michael jackson
[Music]