trafficking makes the door I don't have
to I don't have to and yeah I know I
know I don't have to you don't have to
yeah yeah I know the door okay it's a
door oh boy I got you guys good yeah
your guys good and I can do a trick come
with me okay
I have Fat Boy scooter made a ramp you
made a ramp yep dude I got to the moon
you ain't going your move
sir watch this
[Music]
[Music]
oh it's good are you ok ok
I'll write to the moon you went to the
moon yeah I'm gonna go to your aunt's
neck oh cool can I try no that's it got
it good or not yep it's gonna go right
full I wonder what's taking Jeffy so
long to answer at the door I don't know
yeah what do you want jumpy daddy I'm
glad you asked cuz I actually won
something
well what do you want can you buy me a
scooter so I can go to the moon a
scooter won't take you to the moon Jeffy
yeah sure well Danny I've seen it happen
well how about you wait for your
birthday to get the scooter
my birthday's like forever away day your
birthday's go like three months away and
I don't know if we'll be alive that long
you know because you're done that's true
Mario life's so unpredictable
she's right daddy she's spitting
straight fast that was a TBH not even a
JK she'll work my scooter Jeffy what
makes you think you deserve a scooter
today um well I haven't put my panting
over 30 minutes that's a new record
Mario yep 31 minutes daddy that's a new
record
well you're not get a scooter Jeffy Wow
where pride where boohoo win prank right
way cry weibo whoo we can go into the
door
so annoying baby I know I thought more
you want they me do another trick sure
let me on your roof
okay look at me skaters badly go out the
roof but once you get hurt scooter I
can't get hurt I'm invincible
watch me go am I gonna do more you man
if scores knock down he's not gonna know
it's his daughter's missing and then I
can go in the moon now I'm gonna go in
your moon
[Music]
I'm going to moon I'm going try again my
scooter about a scooter man that was
fine it's good it's gonna do that again
hey webmaster go what's wrong chappy
well I can take a guess he broke
someone's scooter because he doesn't
have a scooter bingo
Jeffy what happened broker Jeffy
accidents happen all the time if you're
honest with the kid maybe he'll
understand
well you see here's the thing mommy I
borrowed it without asking that's called
stealing here's your word we taught you
not to steal it's spankin time big if
you're gonna make that noise and that's
how you get our spanking no it's nothing
that a little tape can't fix sleep
there's a ticket that's metal Mario
that's what tape does it's six things
back together cannot flex a poop its
builder yeah all right just tell me who
did you steal the scooter from scooter
yes it's a scooter but who did you steal
the scooter from scooter Jeffy I
understand you stole a scooter but who
did you steal the scooter from scooter
Jeffy stop saying that who did you steal
the scooter from scooter all right
Debbie my name is what Mario what's your
name Jeffy and who did you steal the
scooter from scooter Jeff say anything
but scooter anything but your scooter oh
no that's not good we're gonna fight
well give man you didn't take your
scooter so so just leave okay all right
Debbie that's not so bad
so look he already thinks we didn't do
it so let's just throw it away and he'll
never see it again okay I got the tape
baby I told
your tape will not fix this are you I'm
just trying to help
okay okay fine try to put together with
your stupid tape okay
all right Mario all done good new looks
good to me baby what Mario that looks
crappy look it's out cold in flavor that
will does even movie invited rideable
and it's all bit what are you doing yeah
I just heard some motorcycle that's what
would sound like me
[Music]
I'm chubby this one at the door hello
hey Richard what are you doing here is
your dad here no if you don't want him
to be here because if he was here it
wouldn't be pretty well what's wrong
Richard what are you doing here someone
stole my scooter
so once thought your scooter yeah I left
it outside and when I came back it was
gone and here I thought I lived in a
nice neighborhood but I don't live in a
nice neighborhood I actually live in a
very poor neighborhood with people who
like to steal scooters I can't believe
somebody would steal your scooter well
maybe the person was just borrowing it
without asking that's called stealing
that is called stealing commitment maybe
maybe but the scooters not here so I'm
sorry to hear about that I'll pop you
later no I'm coming inside because I'm
gonna ask Jeffy if he stole my scooter
Jeffy would not steal your scooter he'd
probably borrow it but definitely not
steal it so it's just not here
wolven I'm gonna ask me for myself
you're not allowed to come inside the
house okay well then I'll call my dad
I'm sure he would love to come here so
he can get your house pink you don't
want me to call my dad because if I have
to call my dad
that would be me interrupting a very
fancy meal he's having a pan-seared
Oscar Mayer wiener with pasteurized
tomato sauce and also some Grey Poupon
and if you don't let me in your house
I'm gonna poop on your front doormat
okay but your scooters not here that's
when I thought oh no oh no see your
scooters not here hmm what's behind the
pillow the couch I think you should move
the pillow no no I see I have back
problems and the pillows in a very
comfortable position and if we move the
pillow just it just won't feel the same
I really think you should move the
pillow
oh no that your scooters not here I
think I just take it not real quick and
I'll see you later
that's not your scooter really because
it looks just like my scooter no it's
someone else's oh whoa Oh looking you
even wrapped it for me for Christmas I
didn't know I wanted that oh wait I did
because it's my scooter no I run a
scooter repair shop and I wish is
repairing someone scooter you see well
you're doing a very terrible job but
thank you
your scooters not here so you can leave
well I'm gonna call my dad because you
stole and then broke my scooter I'll
call your dad I look I will buy you a
new scooter oh you'll buy me a new one
oh cool that because that's scooter
right there
cost $30,000 okay it's gonna cost that
much oh this one did because it was made
out of pure sapphire and spaceship parts
from the Apollo 13 because I can oh I
will I will get you the exact same
scooter oh really
yeah yeah similar to it no I don't want
similar I want that one $30,000 Oh stay
right here and I will go get you a brand
new scooter okay just don't call your
dad okay cool all right here's your new
scooter you it's pink yeah but it's a
new scooter I wanted a blue scooter
well it's 2020 in this pink scooter
identifies as a blue scooter well I want
a blue scooter then identifies as a blue
scooter it is actually blue because I
want blue scooter well it'd be grateful
no my dad's rich so I don't have to be
grateful for something poor I want it to
be blue like my old one okay okay I'm
trying to think of where I can get your
blue scooter um blue scooter oh I got an
idea okay I know where to get a blue
scooter did you stay right here alright
I'm back
where's my blue scooter well I don't
have a scooter if you don't have it I'm
gonna tell my dad I don't know I have a
scooter but it's not a scooter but it's
scooter look your scooter
hey good who is this why is he calling
me fat not a fat boy wanna fight why is
it trying to hit me boy it's a blue
scooter no it's not yes I did dad though
I matter just because it says scooter
and your shirt does not make you a
scooter that's it dad my name is Gary
well you wanted a blue scooter his
name's scooter and he's wearing a blue
shirt so blue scooter okay well how am I
supposed to write it weird it's handles
well it's it's handled all right here
do it again ah oh cool I want it come on
scooter
[Music]