so guys what do you want to do today we
should stay inside and read a book
anyone else have any bright ideas well
we could go in the forest and like this
firework oh that would be such a cool
idea oh do we have to do that that's fun
okay hold on guys it's daytime so you
wouldn't even be able to see it and also
it's the dry season so we could cause a
forest fire and the firework is bent so
it won't even fly straight it might hit
somebody Cody are you a firework expert
no but I have eyes and I can see that
it's bent then I don't want to hear your
opinion if you're not a firework expert
I want to see your firework license all
right fine well we're gonna go light
this firework code are you coming no I'm
not going wow stay here and be a Loser
come on guys loser okay Jeffy light the
firework all right Junior this is gonna
be sick yeah dude
back
oh dude oh it hit the tree
uh dude we just started
the [ __ ] get out of here
Jesus Christ Simmons there's a forest
fire and there are houses around should
we go in the houses and check for cats
no I think we should focus on putting
out the fire you go get some bottles of
water and start throwing them on there
on it God I really wish we had a real
fire truck with water we don't really
get any funding these days okay I'm
gonna call for backup hello chief this
is station four thank you thank you we
need backup over yes Lieutenant guy what
do you need backup for yeah Chief I got
a forest fire here and you didn't give
me a truck with water so I don't really
know what to do also the dalmatian you
gave me is not a Dalmatian he's just
really cute and all he wants is cuddles
to be fair I don't know what the
dalmatian was supposed to do anyway well
what I would do is ask any nearby houses
if you can use their water hose and if
that doesn't work spit on it
oh yeah I got it Chief over and out
thank you hey mate I found this loader a
lighter that means kids might have been
playing with fireworks Simmons take that
back to the police station and look for
fingerprints screw this fire we have a
suspect to look for
what are we gonna do I don't know dude
so how'd it go based on your reaction I
would guess not great it went great Cody
yeah perfectly fine dude shut up yeah
shut your pie hole Cody so how'd it go
why do you keep asking questions
oh God yeah you're acting like we
started a forest fire or something we
did it you totally innocent you know
what I'm gonna turn on the news just to
see
[Music]
there's fire is currently burning the
forest the cause is unknown please stay
away from the area wow looks like
somebody started a forest fire I wonder
who did it
shut up Joseph no one knows we caused
that forest fire oh yeah we totally did
not cause that forest fire technically
it was the fireworks fault it was the
fireworks fault it wasn't our fault so
you guys did start the forest fire no
Cody tell us his fault this is we took a
firework into the woods and we lit it
and then it blew up randomly and they
made the force catch on fire randomly
well you guys lit the fireworks so it's
not that random is it well we didn't
want it to go in the forest we lit so it
would blow up in the sky it curved and
went to the woods it was bent I told you
that was gonna happen so everyone who
buys a firework is supposed to bring you
with them to tell them not to do it
there are warnings on the fireworks well
No One's Gonna read the warning they're
just excited they have a firework they
just want to hurry up and light it and
we're kids I think they just assume it's
Common Sense well I don't have that I
know so look I think we should sue the
firework company for making fireworks to
begin with dude that's a genius idea I
think you guys should just stay quiet
because nobody knows you started the
fire but if you try to sue somebody
they're gonna find out well no if we sue
them first before we get arrested then
they're gonna get in trouble because we
could sue them because why would they
even make some that explodes that's
dangerous and that's stupid so we should
sue them we'd win we get more money then
we buy more fireworks then we cause more
forest fires than we sue them again oh
the infinite money glitch oh we gotta do
it before they
before that you guys can just do
whatever you want I'm gonna stay here
okay I'm gonna call a lawyer either you
called a lawyer for some legal advice
yeah we did well I want to let you know
that I charged ten thousand dollars a
minute so start talking we don't have
that kind of money well then I'm leaving
don't leave we know your son Richard and
he said that you'd be our lawyer for
free he said that he sure did I'm gonna
beat his ass Richard get your privileged
ass in here get down you told me to Wing
the Lamborghini do you know these poor
people hey Richard hey I've never seen
him a day before in my life okay good
you lied to me well no we didn't lie to
you we know him but here's what's going
on they started a forest fire by
lighting some fireworks in the woods and
now they want to sue the fireworks
company for making fireworks
We Didn't Start the Fire someone else
did it was a friend of ours A friend of
theirs started a forest fire I see
what's going on here first of all you
can't sue the firework company and what
I would do is I would hide and I
wouldn't say anything to anybody there
there's your free legal advice see
Junior I told you why would you tell him
that we started the forest fire now he's
gonna go tell the cops it was pretty
obvious no you should have said our
friend caused it oh we're gonna go to
jail now we're so going to jail
hey Susan can you run the fingerprints
on this loader for me all right let me
see trying to figure out who started
this forest fire oh my God
what's up Simmons I was putting my cup
outfit on it was me who started the
forest fire his fingerprints were on the
lighter Simmons how could you I don't
even remember doing it mate all those
poor wild animals it means I'm so sorry
but I hate to do this I have to arrest
you I understand mate I deserve it
second are you wearing gloves no no I'm
not hold on there's a second set of
fingerprints on here enhancing enhancing
Bingo Jeffy age 18. oh that makes way
more sense since I was with you the
whole time it couldn't have been you you
should just wear gloves next time I'm
gonna go arrest Jeffy
free shipping you're under arrest for
starting that forest fire see Cody I
told you that lawyer snitched on us well
nobody snitched except for his fingers
because we found his fingerprints on the
lighter or if I chew him off you won't
have any proof hey hey you can't do that
put your fingers out stop eating your
fingers damn poopy you have a hairy arm
I sure do and it's right up my ass well
Jeffy have fun in jail what Junior you
and Joseph helped oh you dirty crackers
yeah you stupid honky why would you tell
him that oh we gotta stick together bro
yeah brother gotta protect each other
you guys are really just gonna let Jeffy
go
to angry and you cut it off to save the
body Cody wait hold on you're saying
these two kids also started the fire
yeah well no listen it was my idea to
shoot the firework off in the forest but
I didn't light the fireworks he lit it
but I I also provided the firework
and Joseph I ain't do [ __ ] I'm out it's
true he really didn't do much yeah okay
well I guess you and Jeffy are under
arrest then well I want to sue the
firework company for inventing fireworks
what okay look let's just go to jail and
we'll let the judge sort it out yeah
let's let him sort it out
oh no
pullback today we will be hearing the
caves of Jeffy and Junior these two boys
are being accused of starting a forest
fire and killing chipmunks and squirrels
and lizards and lions and tigers and
bears oh my
you boys why did you start this forest
fire did Smokey the Bear teach you
nothing well you see your honor it
wasn't our fault it was the fireworks
fault yep it was the fireworks fault go
on please continue see your honor what
happened was we took the firework into
the woods and we lit it and then it flew
in the woods and caught on fire so my
argument is is that if fireworks were
never invented then that we could have
never gotten one and then it would have
never caught the forest on fire so we
want to sue the creator of fireworks I
see so you boys are going with the
insanity defense because I mean you must
be stupid to think you could sue a
firework for blowing up I mean that's
like me going to a restaurant ordering
food and choking on it and then suing
the restaurant because I didn't chew my
food that's like me hiring a prostitute
and then her giving me herpes and me
suing her because she gave me herpes I
mean I knew the risk and that's just
that's a memory I'm going to have to
live with and my burning urethra so you
two boys are going to have to live with
the consequences of your actions the way
I live with my herpes now you two are
obviously guilty but what punishment do
I give you hmm let me just check the
punishment book real quick
oh there it is screw you Forest haters I
sentence you to plant one tree and I
sent it to you to one night of community
service with police supervision
officer guy you accompany them I can't
do that judge the Heat games tonight so
you're gonna have to find someone else
no he oh you're going to supervise these
kids or you will spend the next month in
jail that's in order no dicks oh you
look like a Knicks fan you bastard come
on kids
I hate you kids for ruining my night hey
look Cody left us a note I know you guys
are going to jail call me when you get
out love Cody that was nice of him okay
kids here's the deal see you guys are
supposed to plan a tree tonight okay but
[ __ ] that Mr Beast already planted like
20 million trees and I'm pretty sure
he's got you guys covered we're just
gonna say one of those trees was yours
now you guys are also supposed to do
community service tonight and I'm
supposed to watch you but see here's the
thing that's the only thing I'm watching
is the heat see because when we win this
game we're gonna go on to the Eastern
Conference Finals and then I get to wear
this shirt see that Hemi stands for Hemi
Butler see what he does is he whips out
his ball sack on the court and he rubs
it on people's faces while he's dunking
on him but I thought we were supposed to
do community service you are doing
community service you're helping police
officer watched the Heat game thank you
for your service but like aren't we
supposed to like tell the community that
we're sorry oh sorry yeah yeah you can
tell them they're sorry yeah yeah you
can say that by playing the game Sorry
while I watch the Heat beat this sorry
ass team like who even are the Knicks
you really thought you could beat Jimmy
in your dreams New York but aren't we
supposed to pick up trash on the
interstate the only trash that would be
on the interstate is if the nix's bus
broke down on the way home well like we
can't go pick up trash outside what no
because there's no TV outside and I
couldn't watch the Heat game aren't we
supposed to like go clean up the forest
okay you guys can just do whatever the
hell you want just don't tell the judge
okay I'm gonna watch the Heat game hey
Junior want to go outside and light more
fireworks yeah let's go do it
oh thank God they're gone oh the game is
starting what what
this fire has started
we'll have to interrupt the Miami Heat
and New York Knicks game with Around the
Clock coverage sorry if you're trying to
watch the game you won't be able to
uh we kind of just
forged fire yeah I know
that means I don't get to watch the Heat
game ban that'll buy no
for anyone who didn't get that there's a
guy on the Miami Heat whose name is Bam
at a bio you know Bama yo by no it's pun
[Music]
thank you
[Music]