Marvin our Halloween costumes are so
cute jeffy's The Cat in the Hat and
we're Thing One and Thing Two and thing
three is in my pants I'm just tired of
Halloween already
Marvin don't say that Halloween's
amazing you get to dress up in costumes
you get to carve pumpkins and you get to
go trick-or-treating cat penis Jeffy
stop it well Danny what does a cat
wiener look like I don't know I'm gonna
google it listen I'm just I'm tired of
Halloween like you're dressed up in
costumes every year it's so short I
don't want to look at a cat weiner Jeffy
why is it bigger than mine put your
phone away Jeffy okay so what does
everyone want to do for Halloween well I
think since I'm dressed up as the Cat in
the Hat I should try to rhyme every time
I talk okay uh what's your favorite
candy Reese's Pieces
um what's your favorite part about
Halloween Reese's Pieces you can't say
Reese's Pieces to everything Jeffy uh
what's your favorite color Reese's
Pieces but that's not a color Marvin
maybe he's saying he likes the color
orange and brown and yellow pillow
yellow and pillow don't rhyme Jeffy yes
he does Santa Claus that doesn't rhyme
okay look I'm gonna stop getting so mad
about your stupid costuming in the
Rhymes all right listen so what are we
gonna do first let's carve pumpkin watch
carved pumpkins I asked which carved
pumpkins but you can't rhyme your first
sentence with
one of your card pumpkin Jeffy come on
okay Jeffy you're gonna carve this big
pumpkin right here and I'm gonna carve
this tiny one if my wiener was your
pumpkin it'd be the tiny one if that
didn't rhyme Jeffy Reese's Pieces you
can't end every scent of those Reese's
Pieces that doesn't count well rhyming's
too hard try and give up okay look let's
just carve this pumpkin why'd you just
carve pumpkin mean a baby show what it
means okay you take a knife and then you
stab your pumpkin like this
whatever
you're supposed to do that what car you
pumpkins is okay come on come on Jeffrey
you guys kill your baby pumpkin we were
carving that's how you carve pumpkins
Jeffy hey there somebody called the cops
or should I say a Jedi what hold on damn
it stupid thing
um give it a second it's supposed to
light up
a Jedi isn't that sick isn't technology
amazing you know like those velcro shoes
you don't even have to learn how to tie
your shoes I sure didn't anyway why'd
you guys really call me my parents are
murderers oh no were they killing
younglings yes that sounds like Sith
Behavior to me ow you come here ow okay
I took care of them but what's really
going on okay we were carving pumpkins
and we stabbed the baby pumpkin in front
of the mommy pumpkin yeah oh okay first
of all actually also anyway nevertheless
uh carving pumpkins is not illegal we
were trying to tell Jeffy that it's not
illegal yeah okay so I'm gonna go back
home and pass out candy which is what
you should be doing okay all right guys
we're gonna do what the cop said we're
gonna go pass out candy come on all
right Jeffy when you hear the doorbell
you're gonna pass out candy okay okay
there's someone at the door that's what
Jeffy you're supposed to wait for me to
open the door oh okay
trick or treat ow Jeffy no you're
supposed to toss the candy in the bag oh
okay let me try again don't give me more
kit ow I've raised these cups we all
passed out candy to racist cops no
Reese's Cups all right look you got
enough candy so you can go but he didn't
put the candy in your bag look just go
okay
okay Jeffy I'm gonna pass out candy to
the next trick-or-treater because you
don't know how to do it there's someone
else
you're supposed to say trick or treat
church is chicken what no no you can't
trick-or-treat at your own house but I
don't want no candy I want some money
I'm not giving you money well I need a
new clitoris due to this look you can
get that later well I'm the Kool-Aid man
oh yeah bye your boy Dougie
okay look let's go upstairs and figure
out something else because handout
Candy's not fun okay we just passed out
candy we carved pumpkins I'm ready to go
to bed no Marvin we still have to go
trick-or-treating yeah Danny I want your
candy okay let's hurry up and go trick
or treat let's get over with actually
Marvin I'm tired I'm gonna stay home
well no if anyone gets to stay home it's
me I don't want to go out in the cold
well someone has to pass out candy yeah
Daddy she's got a point I'll pass out
the candy no Marvin your thing one thing
two by themselves doesn't make any sense
yeah I got a thing to do right here
monaroos okay come on let's just go okay
Jeffy let's hurry up and go
trick-or-treating so I can go to bed
what trick or treat
hello
trick or treat what the [ __ ] Jeffy don't
throw candy at him uh what are you doing
here Goodman I'm here for your health
payment Marvin already yeah because it's
the end of the month uh well me and my
son were about to go trick-or-treating
Marvin do you know what my costume is
you're a horse yeah and in case you're
wondering if the carpets do match the
drapes I got a horse cleaner Marvin okay
yeah so since you don't have my Health
Payment I'm taking your candy that
you're gonna give out to the kids in
your neighborhood so no you look like an
[ __ ] don't do that trick or treat
come on Jeffy let's go
okay Jeffy this is the first house Danny
why do I have a cupcake pan because we
didn't have any trash bags are we poor
yes
Jeffy be nice hello trick or treat suck
my ass with Jeffy oh what lovely man
that's the spirit I'm count succulent I
can suck anyone off yes you can how was
her first victim before you knocked on
the door thanks for interrupting uh what
are you supposed to be oh I'm tiger the
rapper Oh I thought you were a Tigger oh
you weren't let off from getting the ass
whooping boy here you go get some candy
all right Jeffy what do you say piss off
come on oh kind of circular I think I
need to be a victim again yeah okay
Jeffy this is the next house
this is not the candy you're looking for
oh hey it's you guys I guess you came
here for the good candy well too bad
because it's all mine especially the
Reese's Pieces no one can have those
those are my favorite now boy don't be
stingy with the candy yeah this is my
wife she's a mermaid it has nothing to
do with Star Wars
but don't give
him give us pieces uh can we have some
candy please okay
okay more Jeffrey no come on
I handed out the candy wait a minute one
two
wait Karen told my racist faces I'm
missing you're what my Princess Peach
and bees oh Oh I thought you said
Reese's Cups we don't have any Reese's
Cups Karen well I'm sorry pointy I
didn't understand
the pins
Jonathan what are you doing here what's
this I'm your brother I figured it was
okay for just walk in your house no
leave you didn't even ask me what my
outfit was I'm tomato because you're
like oh [ __ ]
Carrie show me your choice oh I'm a
mermaid I don't have toes show me a
booby Shin okay Jonathan I think you
need to leave can I have some candy
first no
don't tell Mom damn it Karen I can't
believe you gave away two of my Reese's
Pieces I'm gonna I know where those
people live I'm gonna go find them and
I'm gonna get my candy back boy did you
leave those nice people
yeah
[Music]
yeah let's look at all the candy we got
from trick-or-treating yeah okay well I
got some fruit roll-ups I have not quite
enough Snickers to spell snickers but I
can spell Rick's and I have some
Starburst Cody what is your Halloween
costume supposed to be yeah dude I was
wondering that all day really come on
I'm Harry Potter
oh you look like a lawyer but a lawyer
is this what you think a lawyer looks
like well you have a tie on and a suit
and the Harvard scarf what did you think
this thing in my hand was
um like a pin so you could write down
stuff in court but no why do you think I
have a broom so you can sweep up your
office dude I thought you were a lawyer
but from Antarctica Antarctica yeah
because of the scarf duh oh yeah no
Joseph what is your costume supposed to
be isn't it obvious dude I'm a green
astronaut oh yeah a famous green
astronaut I've heard of those uh Cody
you never asked what my costume is yeah
I'm trying not to think about it well
come on guess is it my mom no but really
no it's not your mom it's your mom but
in Minecraft
he's thinking outside the box Gina
you've already been my mom for Halloween
before but I've never been your mom in
Minecraft yeah I guess that's true okay
guys let's trade some candy okay what's
your first offer okay well I really want
that Starburst so I'll trade you a Milky
Way for your Starbucks no no no no no
way no way I'm trading my Starburst for
a little tiny mini Milky Way okay how
about this I will trade you
um oh my KitKat for the starburst no no
how about your Cheez-Its for my
Starburst I'm not trading my Cheetos I
love Cheez-Its okay so how about I trade
you my fruit snacks for your Starburst
well I already have much fruit snacks
and that's actually pretty similar so no
oh okay okay Joseph uh you have two
Starbucks so I'm gonna trade you
something
um I'll trade you my Cheez-Its for your
Starburst what the [ __ ] do you know
that's exactly what I wanted but he has
two Starbursts so he he has like more to
trade than you do dude I'm not gonna
pass up on a good deal but it's the same
it's not the same deal now give me my
give me yeah
shouldn't have been greedy she'll give
me the starburst this is [ __ ] hey
guys call me your bakers man cause I
gotta cupcake pan oh sweet Lord Jesus
are those Reese's Pieces oh dude I treat
you all my candy for the Reese's Pieces
my candy for the Reese's Pizza no I want
the reasons BG back off guys the Reese's
Pieces are mine
yo me McDonald's
oh I'm done with this stupid holiday
baby can you help me take my costume off
okay Marvin be careful you don't want to
touch my thing one my my one thing what
Mary I struck gold check it out two
packs of Reese's Pisces wow Jeffy that's
really cool yeah I'm gonna eat them not
so fast those riceies pieces of mine
what we actually he got him
trick-or-treating so they're his yeah
well Mike and I hate to call her this my
wife accidentally passed those out and
she knows their mind so I am taking
these and if you have a problem with
that you're gonna die well then you're
gonna have to fight me oh yeah I'm gonna
rip things out yeah
oh no I dropped my lightsaber if you
strike me down I'll become more powerful
than you could possibly imagine ow my
eye I'm telling my mommy all right daddy
opening up a pack of these Reese's
[ __ ]
pops
[Music]