[Music]
H Joseph I'm bored me too dude let's
play a board game O Let's Play mous trap
okay that's not mous trap dude it is
it's a mouse trap how do you play ooh
just touch the yellow pce I'm good well
you're such a whmp dude watch
this oh I love the pain guys guys guys
look what I hold on Cody his leg got
stuck in a mouse trap ow how did that
happen we were playing mouse trap you
want to play I'm good but I invented a
dream machine a dream machine what's it
do it lets you go inside of people's
dreams while they're sleeping nuh-uh
liar yeah huh it does well then how's it
work well you just put this black part
on the head of whoever is sleeping and
then you put another one on your head
and it lets you go inside their dreams
well what if you get stuck in their
dream well all you'd have to do is just
slap whoever's dream it is so if you're
in my dream you'd slap me so I slap you
yeah ow what no you SLA me in the dream
okay so when we go in your dream we slap
you no you slap whoever's dream it is so
I slap you no it's the person whose
dream you have you're in so if I'm in
your dream I slap you but yes but ow no
no no look if I was in your dream I
would slap you to wake up but we in your
dream no out we not in my dream right
now okay but when do we slap you I want
to slap Cody okay slap no it's not about
SLA stop stop slapping me okay you said
slap you I said slap me in the dream if
it's my dream but we're not in my dream
right now okay so whose dream are we
going to first I think we should go into
Joseph's dream so we SLA Joseph in
Joseph's dream yes well my dream is not
going to be too fun guys okay let's go
inside Joseph Dream set him up with your
machine okay all right we're all set up
so whenever Joseph falls asleep we'll go
inside his dream oh dude I'm so ready
okay Ken if for any reason we don't wake
up within an hour push this emergency
stop button okay why would that happen
well I don't know maybe if the dream
just goes really bad aren't we supposed
to slap you if it goes bad well no we're
supposed to ow no we're supposed to slap
Joseph because we're in Joseph's dream
so if the dream goes bad we slap Joseph
not Cody Joseph okay Joseph wait my
little thing fell off well maybe if you
weren't slapping me that wouldn't happen
Okay Joseph go to sleep well it's pretty
hard for me to go to sleep wow he fell
asleep
fast uh Cody where are we it's so dark
and scary Joseph must be having a
nightmare where is Joseph oh oh there he
is
Daddy I miss you so much Dad oh I wish
you were here with me right now he's
having a dream about his dead dad that's
so sad
Mommy what
Mommy where are you Mommy what
Mommy Mommy where are you
Joseph mommy where are you I hear you
where are
you mommy come here mommy please please
mommy don't leave
me Cody he's chasing his mom if that was
you and your mom you would have already
caught her you know cuz she's a hippo
and she you can't run fast jior shut up
mommy where are you going mommy J mommy
please come back please
please Mommy Mommy where did you go
Mommy is that a killer clown I hate to
have dreams like him Junior let's wake
him up oh
okay think God you guys are here there's
a killer clown trying to kill me that's
why we're going to wake you
up do it
then Joseph what was that oh dude that's
dream that every night Joseph those are
called nightmares wait there's dreams
that are actually happy well yeah do you
want to see one you can come to my dream
yeah do sure okay I just have to go to
sleep uh does anyone have some warm
milky or a Banky what I can't go to
sleep without my Banky Cody go to sleep
okay can somebody at least rub my
tummy lower I'm not going lower okay
fine I'll go to sleep so we slap you if
we want to wake up
yes what is this place dude I feel
uncomfortable hey guys welcome to my
dream this is what you dream about Cody
yeah it's just one big party hold on let
me introduce you to the boys that over
there is Scot Tom Hussein this is balls
Aldren that's Rick and this is Luke get
your ass out of the guacamole probably
tastes better now to be honest hey you
guys should help yourself to some chips
they're just kind of scattered around
everywhere wait what oh you need me to
get up okay who's that oh that's Todd
he's a freaking nature why does he have
a gas mask on so he can breathe where's
Ken oh he's up there keeping an eye out
to make sure that nobody escapes why
would somebody want to escape it's your
dream well it's hotter for me if they
don't want to be here here dude I'm
ready to leave right now yeah Cody we
want to leave really so soon but we
haven't even had the who has the Titus
buns competition yet don't tell Ken but
it's Rick see well we want to leave Cody
okay just let me finish my red
bolt hey anybody want the rest of this
before I can it no all right all
right we want to go okay I guess we can
oh no what Here Comes action
man what who's Action Man his real name
is Zach but he thinks he's hot and
to be honest he kind of is he has
bulletproof underwear what do you want
Zach what bro come on you're always
doing this you're ruining my vibe who
invited him you know what you guys are
right we should just leave wake me up
okay wake up Cody I can't believe you
guys didn't like my dream I like my
dreams more I can't agree ow we're out
of the dream I just like slapping you
all right guys let's go inside my dream
next sometimes I dream I'm a
dinosaur like that okay go to sleep okay
wait dude we're in the classroom wait
why am I so cool this isn't that
different from my dream oh no guys I
have this nightmare all the time is that
I'm fat I'm at school and my underwear
and everyone won't stop making fun of me
haha Junior you're so fat see guys and
also Cody you're the coolest kid in
school well that's not that different
from real life no it's a nightmare guys
wake me up no I just want to see how
this plays out all right class today
we're going to be rning about why is
Junior so fat he is fat as cuz he
won't stop
eating come on crass let's raap at
Junior cuz he's so
fat guys wake me up hey we all laughing
at the fat kid now what did I say about
being so fat guys wake me up you know
it's actually illegal for you to be that
fat fatty oh guys you know what you're
actually under arrest for being so
unbelievably fat guys it's a nightmare
yeah Cody being the coolest kid in
school is a
nightmare guys that was not my dinosaur
dream that was cool I like that dream I
didn't like it Cody ow okay look I'm
going to go back to sleep so I can try
to get the dinosaur dream hey guys what
doing oh we should go inside jeffy's
dream hey Jeffy put that white thing on
your head okay now go to
sleep guys we're animals dude I'm a cow
I'm a lion yeah well you don't tell the
truth huh like Lion all right screw you
guys that was a good one H Cody you're a
pig so you're just like my mom I know
I'm like my mom I get it cuz my mom is
all fat animals right so Joseph's like
my mom too cuz he's a cow so my mom's a
cow and a pig and a hippo and an
elephant I get it she's fat wow Cody
you're really going to call your mom fat
dude she gave birth to you yeah she
carried you for 9 months just for you to
call her fat what you guys were going to
say it I would never disrespect your mom
you get it Joseph I'm lying dude that's
a nice one but that was my joke no it
was my joke I just thought of it oh dude
watch this eat more
chicken like the Chick-fil-A slogan the
slogan thing they said get it you get it
Cody guys I just want to get out of this
stupid dream okay then wake Jeffy up
well we can't we have to slap Jeffy
that's the only way to get out of the
dream all right let's go slap him Marvin
let's watch a movie hand me the remote
okay
baby you're so slow baby you're the one
who married me you knew I was a turtle
you knew I was going to be slow I don't
bring up your quack addiction hey don't
bring that up hey mommy hey Daddy I got
sus spended from school today Jeffy why'
you get suspended Jeffy cuz I was
dragging my balls across my desk Jeffy
you're grounded well duck you mommy well
Jeffy don't speak to her like that
you're going to your dungeon for 50
years oh I hate my dungeon but I'm
hungry Daddy what do you want for dinner
I want wings well you got two Wings on
your back cuz you're a dragon go to your
dungeon okay Daddy a hey Jeffy oh hey
guys you likeing my dream well sorry we
got to do this to you but we got to wake
you up guys I had the weirdest dream
yeah I always a hippo well we went
through everyone's Dreams yeah wait wait
guys chef peee taking a nap downstairs
we should try to go inside his dream
yeah okay let's
[Music]
go all right guys there's Jep hey do you
guys think he dreams about me like he's
secretly in love with me and he dreams
about me all the time no let's find
out guys where in my kitchen oh man oh
man I got to hurry up with this burger
Lord Peep's going to be mad is my food
ready yet oh yes I'm almost done with
dinner Lord beep hold on hold on is the
food ready Jesus H Christ I need to
hurry up where is my burger it's right
here it's right here sir oh let me see a
piece of bacon not on my burger what's
wrong with you I know you see that I
know you see it my bad it must have fell
out I'm so sorry sir H oh you're bad huh
you're making mistakes now I'm not
eating it you peasant make me another
one I ha him all I do is cook and clean
and I'm never
appreciated wow Chef peee is really mean
in his dream yeah why is it being mean
to my dad let's go Mess With Chef peee
okay ah I finally get the rest of my
Royal Throne of cash hey baby what's my
name don't say anything it's Lord peep I
don't even want to look in your
direction but show me them toes hey shf
peipi Junior what are you doing here I
sent it's you and your friends the 50
years of hard labor well we escaped a
royal guard yes Lord peep these three
Escape take them back to the word Camp
all right you guys are coming with me sh
you're so dumb uhuh execute that one but
execute me oh no Junior if you die in
the dream you die in real life I die in
real life slap him slap him
how dare you try to assault me execute
them all Cody slap them slap them I I
can't he's too
fast Lord peep you you have a fly on
your face what a fly on my face I don't
see anything it's right there it's right
on your nose though wait wait it's a fly
on my face is there a fly on my face I
don't see it's going to B you get the D
fly on my face get the D fly on my face
you really want me to hear you get off
my
face Junior why did you guys ruin my
dream Chef peei I'm really upset that I
wasn't your hunky little manservant yeah
Chef PE you treat people really mean in
your dream because it's my dream I get
to live it how I want to well I don't
want to be a part of that hey Chef peipe
keep that thing on your head I'm going
to go to sleep and then you're going to
go to somewhere really cool what huh
where am I hey Chef Pee welcome to the
party help yourself to some guac or
maybe if you stick around long enough
you can have something that rhymes with
that ew no Cody I'm leaving ow come on
Zach you always do this
[Music]
o
[Music]