[Music]
oh come on where is it what's wrong
Junior I'm trying to build my Lego Pod
racer for the big Lego pod race you're
gonna compete in the most expert classic
well I'm trying to but what about
sebulba he wins every year I'm gonna win
this year you're not gonna beat him in
this puny thing well I'm missing my flop
see look at the instructions it says the
flap goes right there and I can't find
that piece well you gotta have your flap
Junior how else are you gonna steer I
don't know in the races today oh yeah I
forgot today's Boon to Eve Cody do you
know anyone that could have that piece
well you can always ask wado I have the
pizza looking for how much have you talk
to me for 500 credits I don't have that
many credits too bad so sad hmm let me
try this yo give me the piece for free
Jedi Mind Tricks don't work on
doydarians I don't know no seriously
Cody stop screwing around I can't find
that piece well the only person who'd
have a piece like that is a Jedi do you
know any Jedi no all the Jedi got wiped
out when Darth Sidious said Execute
order 66. so they're all dead yeah I
mean except for Ray oh yeah a commercial
a long time ago
far far away there were two brothers who
started a birthday party Star Wars
business well actually he started it and
I didn't want to do it but then he told
our mom and honestly I could use the
money but anyway we'll come to your
birthday party and show you the power of
the force yeah
so call now and we'll be there in less
than 12 parsecs
you should check did Jonathan this is a
commercial
oh Junior look we could call them what
you keep knocking it over Cody oh sorry
but we could call them they look like
real Jedi I don't think they're just
people in costumes do you think they'll
know where to find this piece well maybe
but if not they could help us find
somebody who does okay Cody what oh I'm
sorry just scoot over there okay yes how
about you go call them yeah I'll go call
them and I'll also use the bathroom so
if I'm not here while they're here it's
because I am in the bathroom okay
hey there somebody call a Jedi
oh yeah Jesus Jonathan calm down
you're gonna poke somebody's eye out
with that thing
 look I'm curious much lightning
yeah and you get kylo Ren's outfit and
Darth Vader's helmet so what's even
going on there bud I'm a triple
okay whatever are you a real Jedi am I a
real Jedi I killed Darth Maul how do you
think he got that lightsaber it's true I
saw the whole thing okay well you didn't
see it but I can tell you what happened
so me and my master Qui-Gon Jinn well
Liam Neeson had to fight Darth Maul
right and there were like these laser
walls that kept turning on and off so me
and my master got separated Liam Neeson
had to fight Darth Maul by himself and
then Darth Maul stabbed Liam Neeson in
the stomach and he was dying so I was
upset I mean I I was panicking right and
then my laser wall turned off and I had
to fight Darth Maul and then Darth Maul
stuck his hand down he was like bring it
you know and so I just I pissed my pants
at that point I mean I was freaking out
but then I had to try to fight Darth
Maul with pissy pants and honestly I
mean he kicked my ass he knocked me into
like this big hole it was like a well or
something I I don't actually know what
this place was there were like laser
walls and like a big hole and I mean we
got in there pretty easily the place was
huge I guess I guess it was like a power
plant or something I don't know I mean
OSHA would have had a field day with
this place there were no handrails
anywhere I'm sure I'm not the only
person who fell into this big hole but
anyway I fell into this hole and I was
just hanging on by like this little Peg
and I dropped my lightsaber so I was
just hanging there and then Darth Maul
was looking down at me and he was like
making Sparks with his lightsaber
because I guess he was trying to scare
me but then I remember that my Master's
lightsabers up there so I do this sick
front flip over Darth Maul's head then I
catch Liam Neeson's lightsaber and like
cut Darth Maul in half and he falls down
the giant well and I'm like okay that
 was cool I mean that was badass I
felt great I I mean I looked over and
Liam Neeson was giving me a thumbs up
and he was like yo dog that that
was tight that was that was really cool
and then he said uh yeah you'd train
Anakin for me and then he died so yeah I
went on to train Darth Vader hmm now
that I think about it I did kind of
raise Darth Vader so I guess I am kind
of a shitty teacher hey you can't touch
your face with your lightsaber you'll
burn your face these aren't real
lightsaber was Jonathan I mean they are
real lightsabers because I'm a real Jedi
can we go back to Party City after this
I think I need a bigger costume yeah you
need to stick to one character look I'm
just missing a piece on my Lego set oh I
am no good with Legos well I'm trying to
join the Boon to Eve race today you're
gonna race in the Boon to Eve race oh
kid the reward for that is like 50 000
credits you know how much that is in US
Dollars that's like 50 bucks I know it
I'm trying to join well you're not gonna
beat cebulba he wins every year if I get
that part for my Pod racer I know I'll
win hmm okay I think I know somebody who
might have that part who Darth Maul's
son Steve Maul
Darth Maul had a son named Steve Maul
and he collects Legos and I bet if we
beat him in a lightsaber battle he'll
give us that part but I want 50 of your
winnings from the race okay deal okay
come on Darth Jonathan
he'll wear receive more he's usually out
here on the street practicing his
lightsaber skills
[Music]
hey Steve
whoa he's really good with that
lightsaber yeah he's just like his
father a little bit fruitier oh and he's
a huge Green Bay Packers Fan that's why
he has that cheese head hey Steve do you
have a little flap that goes to a Lego
Pod racer
foreign
he's saying bring it okay he only does
deals and lightsaber battles hold on let
me get the real one
all right Steve coming at you
I don't want to fight you Steve just
give me the peace
okay there's no doubt you're more still
than I am I know I killed your dad but
that was a long time ago
you killed my dad oh you didn't
know I I am so sorry yeah I mean he
killed Liam Neeson I had to that's it
you asked for it
he's going off oh
wow okay screw this Jonathan you try it
ah really you want me to fight him yeah
he is a badass and I do not want to lose
my hand I mean just look at him
I mean that is pure skill he is one with
the force damn can I use your lightsaber
yeah it's over there on the ground just
go pick it up no no use the force
right Big Boy come get it
yo he's really strong I told you hey
what's that over there yeah
oh you did it now
you're kidding me
brother no Steve you bastard that's it
cut you in half just like your father
now you're two halves to a whole idiot
Jonathan you okay no I usually like
super cutting me in half well it's a
good thing it's just a toy guy promise
me you'll delete my search history
you're not gonna die oh hey look the
piece right okay come on Jonathan let's
get out of here
Hey kid guess what I got Taco Bell what
the hell no I got the Lego piece we
agreed on why do you want Taco Bell
cause I'll get you Taco Bell after you
win that race how'd you get the piece oh
it was not easy we had to kill Steve
Maul well actually I had to kill Steve
Ball all by myself he said you're from
your hood don't
Jonathan don't say that around anyone
else well thanks for the piece what you
don't seem that excited kid I was
thinking about backing out of the race
you little listen to me we didn't
just kill Steve Mo for no reason got it
you're gonna race well actually I
thought shut the hell up Jonathan you're
gonna win that race so I can get like 25
bucks you understand okay okay good
we're gonna leave so uh so long
alligator like that didn't sound right
goodbye alligator but no that's not it
either would see you in a while
alligator what the hell is it it's not
that oh it's see you later alligator
because it's supposed to rhyme okay yeah
that's it okay so see you later
crocodile
hey Jenny sorry I took so long I just
took a massive dump what a mess oh hey
you get the piece yeah I got the piece
Wicked so you ready for the race I'm
just starting to have doubts Cody I
think I might lose yeah I think you
probably will too so Bob has never lost
and his Pod racer is twice as big as
yours and it's orange I guess I'll just
give it my best shot well I'll be
rooting for you thanks codes what you
know like a nickname like codes I don't
like that how about code name Kid Next
Door Cody's fine how about Odie what
Odie or Otis Otis is just a different
name I think I'll just stick with Cody
okay Cody come on
hello and welcome to the Moses for
classic here on the evil Punta a dual
racism
hey hey nerd nice Pod racer thanks PJ
DJ you're so funny he's so funny you
call that a Pod racer look at my Pod
racer it's so orange you're right PJ it
is orange sheep orange is so good yeah
aren't just the best it's way cooler
than blue and gray and yellow what's
that sebulba so Boba called your pod
razor banthapudu that basically means
it's poo poo how about we
pod racing do the talking okay all right
Racers on your mark
get sad
sad not for long but
hey no puppy
you really think you can beat me kid
yeah
oh wow okay you want to play dirty I'll
show you
[Music]
Junior wins
no no ladies I can't win them all Hey
kid now that was pod racing I guess I
was bantha Pudu this time here's the 50.
thanks PJ come on ladies let's go to
Target and give me some more Legos
well kid congratulations on winning that
pod race I got your Taco Bell right here
I already ate some I'm gonna just take
this because the Taco Bell was like 15
bucks you already owed me 25 and I had
to pay for gas so you know I think I can
just take all this I mean hey I fought a
Sith Lord for you but hey yeah I mean
you won the pod race that was pretty
cool I saw it so thanks for watching uh
this video was supposed to go up on May
the 4th you know like May the 4th be
with you that's that's like a Star Wars
day but we had to order this Lego set
from like Columbia and they didn't offer
next day shipping so we couldn't upload
this until May the 8th and that's like
that's not really a Star Wars thing I
mean there's like Darth a third you know
the eighth pyre strikes back I don't
know whatever it's May 8th it's a Star
Wars video
[Music]