oh Jeffy is that a Rubik's Cube nope
clearly not Jeffy if you're trying to
solve that those things are impossible
they're only for smart people well now I
guess I am smart people but Jeffy you
actually solved it well Danny I may be
slow but I sold this hoe and since I
solve this Rubik I'm gonna smack this
pubic Jeffy can I mess it up so you can
try solving it again sure mommy no Jeffy
seriously how did you solve that dang
it's easy all you gotta do is match the
colors together okay Jeffy here you go
all right watch me work
it doesn't even look like he's solving
it looks like he's messing it up onion
rings but you solved it again it only
took nine even my fastest time I can
show him in four seconds four seconds
Jeffy that's amazing you could set a
world record yeah I am pretty smart Oh
Daddy there's cheese in my ear what type
of cheese you think it is I think it
might be a sharp cheddar ew
that's not cheese that's ear wax
your ears were for hearing baby go get
my Q-tip okay all right Jeffy these are
Q-tips one one doing these you put it in
your ear in my air oh yeah like that now
you move it around
that feels good oh yeah oh yeah deeper
Kathy be careful you're gonna hurt your
eardrum yeah Jeff you don't want to push
it too far you might hurt your ears
yeah look I made a cheese stick don't
jump you're not supposed to eat it dang
that was so good it was blue cheese
packaged up Jeffy that's not cheese it's
ear wax you're not supposed to eat that
but Danny I have an unlimited supply of
cheese in my ear it's cheese for the
whole world Jeffy it's not cheese for
the whole world it's ear wax everyone
has that in their ear daddy Baker's
Dozen as [ __ ] what up Jeffy Marvin I'm
gonna get him a glass of water if he's
gonna keep eating his earrings he needs
to stop eating his ear wax he can't be
healthy well eventually it'll run out
right we can hope all right Daddy I got
a factory in overdrive everyone's about
to have cheese for days go get the water
okay all right Jeffy I brought you a
water mommy check out my cheese sticks I
even made a cheese pyramid Jeffy get all
this earwax off the couch hold on Daddy
I got one more good one and I gotta get
really deep in there you're gonna hurt
your ear Marvin how is he not run out of
earwax yet I have no idea
it looks like a piece of your brain my
brain
okay I'm gonna call a doctor hey there
somebody call a doctor ooh cheese sticks
that's not cheese oh God that's just
earwax on a Q-tip why didn't anybody
tell me because I thought you were smart
since you're a doctor not all doctors
are smart okay I cheated to get where I
am like there was this fat [ __ ] in
front of me in college named Abby I just
copied off her she's a much more
successful doctor than I am yet fat so
I'm winning anyway what do you guys need
so Jeffy was playing with a Q-tip and he
dug out a piece of his brain okay look
that's impossible okay he'd have to
break through his eardrum which would be
extremely painful and then the Q-tip
would touch his skull and then once it
got through to his inner ear it would
cause extreme pain dizziness and
vomiting okay there's no way that would
be an accident would have to be on
purpose well he was doing it on purpose
he was trying to shove it as deep as he
could in his ear okay let me go get my
autoscope all right let me take a look
in there oh yeah there's a big chunk of
his brain missing wait so that is his
brain yeah that's his brain on the Q-tip
there is he gonna die I don't know how
you feel Jeffy
foreign
is that normal yeah he normally acts
like that oh well look he'll be just
fine then look the brain is so big you
don't need all of it that little piece
on the Q-tip that's probably like one
memory he'll be okay so you think it's
just one memory oh yeah he'll be fine
yeah is that a Rubik's Cube yeah Jeffy
can solve a Rubik's Cube in four seconds
whoa that's gonna be a world record you
should enter him into the national
annual Rubik's cube solvitron
competition what's that well it's where
a bunch of these dorks who don't get any
[ __ ] and have rolling backpacks get
together to see who can solve a Rubik's
Cube the fastest I mean no females are
allowed within 500 miles of the
competition but first place gets a 25
gift card to QB Tuesdays and a million
dollar cash prize a million dollars is a
song at Rubik's Cube yeah I mean they're
mostly just doing it for the gift card
because a million dollars is still not
enough to get them laid they're just
going to spend the money to buy more
Rubik's Cubes but yeah I can't believe
Jeffy you can make a million dollars
well I mean second place you still get
five hundred thousand dollars and third
place gets 100
000 but fourth place gets you executed
by firing squad they kill you yeah yeah
I mean you can still come in fifth place
you get ten thousand for that but fourth
place no they will kill you they do not
tolerate mediocrity so as long as Jeffy
gets first second third or fifth he gets
money yeah yeah just don't come in
fourth that would be bad oh my God
jeffy's gonna totally win that
competition because he can solve a
Rubik's Cube in four seconds so when is
it uh it's in two hours but it's 500
miles away Marvin we'd have to travel
250 miles per hour to get there in time
our car doesn't go that fast okay I'll
let you guys borrow my rocket ship thank
you
poor
boy
hello and welcome to the annual National
Rubik's cube salvatron competition we
have the biggest nerds in the world here
protecting their virginities by trying
to solve Rubik's Cubes as fast as they
can the competition will begin shortly
I'll get it hello trick or treat we're
here for the Rubik's cube competition is
that a girl yeah tell her to get the
hell out of here what what
cause none of these boys in here
but cream their Bridges baby just go
wait in the rocket ship can we come in
now what's the password oh Rubik's Cube
dick come on in what all right Jeffy you
ready to beat these kids yeah I'll beat
the [ __ ] out of all these kids which kid
you want me to hit first no not beat
them up I meant beat them in solving a
Rubik's Cube what's up rich meat let me
seeing you around here before so what's
your best time best time yeah your best
time is shoving a Rubik's Cube oh well I
don't solve Rubik's Cubes but jeffy's
best time is four seconds four seconds
he might win first place is here really
yeah you see a kid down there his name
is Jackie two he wins first place almost
every year he's a super Asian and then
beside him that's done tavius Rex he has
a 12 inch wiener I saw it in the shower
one day after Cube practice you have
showers here oh yeah this competition
gets super intense and let me show you
him that's Cody he's dead it's true well
jeffy's gonna try to win first place
well you don't have to worry about me I
go for last place every year easiest 10
grand of my life oh but my buddy last
year Fred he died by firing squad
because he got fourth place and then the
year before that my other buddy he got
burned for Life how to get banned
because he he brought a girl and
Wednesday girl shut up John
well um why are girls not allowed girls
aren't allowed because the last time a
girl was here everyone's pissed got
filled with cream cheese
so why don't YouTube oh I just don't
know how
yeah come on Jeffy all right everyone
we're ready to start the competition so
here's how this is gonna work everyone's
gonna come up and we're gonna time how
fast you can finish a Rubik's Cube the
person with the fastest time wins a
million dollars on a 25 gift card to QB
Tuesdays the person who comes in fourth
place gets murdered now first up is our
newcomer Jeffy okay Jeffy I'll start the
timer by hitting the space bar and when
you're done with the Rubik's Cube I'll
stop the timer by hitting this base bar
again and I'll let you know what your
time was the world record is 3.13
seconds on your mark get set go
what am I supposed to do with this well
you didn't get the record but keep going
Jeffy hurry up and solve it I don't know
what this is I've never seen one of
these before in my life Jeffy don't
screw with me you solved it earlier I
did yes Jeffy saw it I don't even know
what this is what oh my god do you see
that part of your brain you pulled out
was the part that made you solve a
Rubik's Cube it has to be because I've
never seen one of these before in my
life uh Mr he doesn't know how to solve
a Rubik's Cube but what yeah he I
thought he did but he doesn't know how
to do it anymore well then why the hell
would you come to a room one skilled
competition I don't know well I guess
I'll have to give you fifth place he has
ten thousand dollars just like that yeah
sure okay come on Jeffy let's go and up
next we have Cody not kiss on your mark
get set go yeah come on cutie come on
cutie
wow what a snows fast Dan wow 6.9
seconds yeah 69. and up next we have
dontavious rex on your mark get set go
[ __ ] [ __ ] oh that's gonna cost him some
time come on kid hurry up again next
made this time mother will not be
pleased
are you gonna finish it just one second
okay I think that's good enough to get a
nice smooth fit Place well
congratulations you came in four what
time to die no no please I swear I'll do
better
and last we have the defending Champion
Jackie too on your mark get set go done
everybody can suck my wings holy moly he
broke the world record you get first
place oh so full maybe just one more hey
how was the competition uh no before you
ask I did not eat the earwax off of
these Q-tips that would be disgusting
little did I know I did I even won six
son of a [ __ ] I even ate the earwax
pyramid and I kept some in my pocket as
a little snack for later I wonder how
many carbs there are in earwax so how
was the competition well it was good we
came in fifth place we got ten thousand
dollars oh nice I feel bad for the guy
who came in fourth though yeah so you
know that piece of brain that Jeffy
pulled out well that part of his brain
was the part of his brain that knew how
to solve a Rubik's Cube oh that sucks
well how'd you like my rocket ship it
was cozy it was very fast oh yeah it's a
rocket ship and uh the fuel for that
[ __ ] is pretty expensive as a matter of
fact I think one gallon costs about ten
thousand dollars oh lucky there ten
Grand what a coincidence but no I don't
have to pay for your gas hey I gave you
my rocket ship I gotta pay for the gas
somehow don't be a douche oh my God how
you feel Jeffy oh that was for nothing
Well Danny if you want to make money I
got a each Factory in my ear and a
chocolate factory in my ass hey I've
been trying to call my brother Jonathan
anybody see him like like was he at the
Rubik's cube competition because he's
usually there well he said he always got
fifth place and this year we got fifth
place so
oh
[Music]