all right across So today we're going to
be learning about all 206 bones in the
human body so get out a piece of paper
and number one through 206 and write the
names of the bones down as I call them
out there's 206 bones in the human body
hey Junior if you want to add another
bone just bend over how'd that add a
bone bend over and find out Penelope can
I borrow a pencil no wait Joseph can I
borrow a pencil dude I only have one
Cody can I borrow a pencil sorry Junior
this is the only one I have I need a
pencil all right cross I have a very
simple song that'll easily help you
remember all 206 bones in your human
body sing it with me Krause the frontal
boats connected to the maxilla bone and
the maxilla bones connected to the
sphenoid Bone and the sphenoid bones
connected to the temporomandibular Joint
bone and the temporal mandibular joint
both connected to the mandible bone and
again can you slow down oh damn it hey
Cody can I please borrow your pencil I
haven't wrote anything down okay fine
but just hurry up okay
it needs to be sharpened hold on it's a
mechanical pencil don't sharpen it
oh Cody what was that for whoa Junior I
gave you a wicked Shiner I didn't know I
had it in me sorry I guess I just don't
Know My Own Strength Junior Cody give
you a huge black eye who ain't making
you hit [ __ ] what I did yeah you did
you kick your ass oh wow yeah I guess I
did no you just caught me off guard get
out of here yeah call me badass Cody you
hear that class nobody mess with me all
right guys let's get back to the song
Junior fractured his ocular bone and his
ocular bones connected to us Max in the
bone and his max oh Junior you're lucky
I have another mechanical pencil
otherwise I beat your ass dude it's not
that serious calm down bro shut up oh
don't hit me haha Junior Cody gave you a
big black eye he caught me off guard
what was that huh what was that little
[ __ ] says you want these hands no I
don't want to fight that's what I
thought haha you have a black eye what's
with you in black eyes yeah what's wrong
with black guys shut up teacher I think
just gonna go home Junior why do you run
why are you running a girl [ __ ] my
Mexican stir fry is almost done I can't
wait to drop a turret in that toilet
tonight
what happened to your eyes did somebody
beat your ass or did you run into a
doorknob like everybody else says what
happened to me was really embarrassing
Chef PeePee I gotta know Junior please
tell me please tell me I gotta know what
a way
[Music]
your best friend I won't laugh at you
you promise I promise okay well Cody
punched me in the face
oh you let a nerd put you in the face
there's no way you can recover Junior I
can't recover from this no you're gonna
have to move to another country and
change your name to Jimbo Ronnie I don't
want to be Jimbo Ronnie and maybe milk
cows for a living I don't want to do
that crack eggs from chickens I don't
want to please yeah baby there's got to
be something I can do to recover calm
down Jimbo Ronnie the only way you can
recover is if you give Cody a black eye
so you gotta punch him you're right Chef
if I get Cody a black guy he can't make
fun of me then yeah now you're even okay
let me go do it do that silly Jimbo
Ronnie okay when Cody gets in here I'm
gonna punch him right in the face sup
Punk don't hit me Cody that's what I
thought what's your shirt say Joe cool
that's what I want you to call me from
now on why because I said so yes sir Mr
Joe cool what's up dude hey Joseph what
are we doing today whatever Joe Cool
says wait wait why is he wearing a shirt
that says Joe cool that's what he wants
to call him from now on dude I'm not
calling him that you're not afraid he's
going to beat you up no he's not gonna
beat me up I'm not afraid of him you're
right and I shouldn't be afraid of him
either Hey Joe cool yeah take this
oh Cody what was that for dude Cody gave
you two black eyes he did yeah that's
right don't try to hit me I'm Joe cool
too cool for school and I'll leave you
laying in a pool of your own blood [ __ ]
out of here dude you're totally Cody's
[ __ ] now I am yeah he got you looking
like a raccoon he gave you pandas dude
man to get two black eyes from Cody oh
man it's crazy oh
I'm gonna hit me twice hang in there
somebody call the cops yes officer oh
kid what happened to your eyes this kid
beat me up and now everyone's making fun
of me I want you to go arrest him well I
mean I could arrest him but that would
just be the biggest [ __ ] move you could
make right now really oh yeah if I
arrest him they're gonna find out you
told on him and then everybody's gonna
call you a little narc tattletail Baby
[ __ ] Boy I don't want that to happen
yeah so what do I do well there's really
nothing you can do kid well you know
this all reminds me of the time I got
two black eyes you did oh yeah so this
one time I was an aunt and we were
collecting food for the colony because
we were afraid of these Grasshoppers and
we were giving them our food so they
didn't eat us so we were collecting all
the food on this big leaf and I had like
this contraption on my back and I
accidentally dropped it and knocked over
a rock and then all the food went over
this cliff and then the Grasshoppers got
there and boy were they mad because they
were like where's our food and we were
like well we had it but it's gone now so
then they gave us another day to get
their food and then they got eaten by a
bird and hold on no this didn't happen
to me this is the plot of A Bug's Life
see I'm doing that thing I do sometimes
where I get my life confused with movies
I've seen I'm sorry I remember what
happened though yeah so I I me and my
wife right we were old and we were
living in our dream home and it was
beautiful but then she died and it was
very very sad and I wanted to see this
waterfall for some reason so I tied a
bunch of balloons to the roof of my
house because I wanted to bring my house
with me and then there was this boy
scout in the house and then there was a
talking dog wait no damn it this is this
is the movie up I'm describing the movie
up that didn't happen to me either I'm
sorry hold on I got it now I remember so
I was a little kid and I was laying in
bed and I was afraid of the dark right
and then all of a sudden my closet opens
and this big fuzzy monster named Sully
comes out and I call him Kitty because
I'm just a little kid I think he's a
kitty and then him and his friend Mike
Wazowski helped hide me on the scare
floor from this creepy salamander guy
named Randall because he did not like me
he was trying to suck my screams out
because you know screams is what powered
their world and wait damn it no this is
the plot of Monsters Inc I'm sorry I got
it so so I was in college and I was
trying to become the top scare this is
Monsters Inc University I'm sorry I'm
sorry I got it I just I have to pee
that's what it is I'm very distracted
let me pee and I'll be right back all
right I'm back from the bathroom I peed
I remember what happened now I got the
story okay so I Was a Race Car Driver
right and I came into a three-way tie
with these two other races and then we
decided that we're gonna have a
tiebreaker race in California so then on
the way there my truck falls asleep and
then I wake up in the middle of the
desert and then I meet Larry the Cable
Guy as a tow truck no no no this is cars
this is the plot of cars I'm sorry I got
it I got it this time I remember that
reminded me okay the real story okay so
I heard Comic Con was coming into town
right it's this big convention where
everybody dresses up and I think oh that
sounds fun so I decided to go dressed as
a box of Cheez-Its because I didn't
really understand the theme and I
thought we were all just going dressed
as stuff we like so I show up as a box
of Cheez-Its and I immediately know I
made a big mistake because then I see
everybody dressed up as all this nerdy
stuff and then I think no you know what
that's okay I'm gonna rock the hell out
of this Cheez-It costume so I go in and
then this nerd dressed like Jar Jar
Binks starts making fun of me and he's
like uses stupid you used to dress like
a box of cheese Jesus and I say hey man
don't dog on my Cheez-Its they're
actually pretty good and he says you so
dumb Misa think Cheese Nips are better
and I'm like okay Cheese Nips are [ __ ]
and then he hits me right in the eye and
I fall back on my back and I can't get
up because I'm dressed like a box of
Cheez-Its and I can't roll over because
I'm a box of Cheez-Its so then he gets
on top of me and he keeps hitting me and
he gives me two black eyes and then this
Stormtrooper has to come pull him off me
and by this time everybody's pointing at
me and laughing because I just get my
ass kicked by Jar Jar Binks and then the
firefighters have to come and pry me out
of my costume with the jaws of life and
I am so embarrassed by all of this so I
decide to pull the fire along you know
and ruin everybody's time the sprinklers
turn on everybody's costume gets wet
they have to cancel the whole convention
because of me so then I just go home and
eat a box of Cheez-Its so how do I get
over these two black eyes
um pull the fire alarm
my house doesn't have a fire alarm well
uh that's all I got you could try having
some Cheez-Its but that's it sorry
what this didn't help at all oh Thomas I
don't know what to do everyone keeps
making fun of me and my two black guys
hey nerd give me a train but Joe cool
it's my favorite toy no that's what Joe
Cool wants but Joe Cool please let me
keep playing with him do you want a
broken nose to match your two black eyes
no that's what I thought oh what can I
do to get back at Cody he embarrassed me
I just embarrassed him and everyone will
forget about my two black eyes but what
can I do
oh
wow Junior you have two black eyes Cody
taught you another lesson or no that's
crazy hey guys Joe Cool is here
no
it sounded wet ew Cody that's disgusting
no no but the whoopee cushion ew Cody
you see your pants yeah everyone thinks
I [ __ ] my pants
Mommy
I don't have a booby bird hey Cody
Junior was it you that put the whoopee
cushion in my chair yeah but Junior why
would you do that you humiliated me
because you humiliated Me by giving me a
black eye for the whole class well yeah
but you broke my mechanical pencil I
didn't know you like I didn't know who
Could Break by putting in the sharpener
and plus you had another one well yeah
but the blue one was my favorite listen
Cody I'm sorry for doing that to you but
I just wanted to show you what it would
feel like to embarrass me by giving you
a black eye yeah being made fun of isn't
Fun okay I won't beat you up anymore and
I won't put whoopee cushions in your
chair anymore okay
[Music]