Jeffie it's time for dinner once for
dare day oh don't you say it green be
romantic Danny tell you why you should
be the face of the fuzzball blossom cuz
I don't want to eat your crappy boo do
what do you want to eat Jeffy
a sandwich okay then let's go get you a
stupid sandwich Gooch can I get a
footlong banger with cheese oh yes I
would like ham yeah I'll take some bacon
yeah I'll take some roast beef that's
all the money
sorry for the tennis ball in the face oh
my god we just saw a robbery happen we
just saw a robbery but I didn't give my
sandwich chevy forget about your search
we just saw someone robbed a store what
do we do do we call the cops we go back
and get my sandwich you shut up about
your stupid sandwich who's that
Oh hold on if you go well let me do that
is hello what the cop thank god you're
here oh just not to call you why to turn
yourself in turn myself in Oh what well
you're under arrest under arrest for
what for robbing a sandwich shop well I
did rob a sandwich shop oh yeah well we
found you had at the scene of the crime
my hat oh okay I was at the ferret shop
and it must have fallen off when I ran
away yeah you were running away because
you just robbed the sandwich shop no no
I ran away because because the robber
came in and he robbed the sandwich shop
okay what the robber looked like that
well yeah he had a ski mask on really
like in a cartoon yeah Oh what did he
have like a big bag with a money sign on
it - yeah come on what do you think I
was born yesterday because I wasn't I'm
42 okay obviously you don't look like
you were born yesterday
are we okay well you look old - okay
boomer I didn't robber say what shop I
was there with my son buying a sandwich
and my son is upstairs right now let's
go ask my son he will vote for me I do
not rob a sandwich shop all right
all right officer there's my son who's
with me during the robbery hey I get you
opened up my piggy bank look at all his
money and there's the money you stole no
that's his piggy bank money that's not
the kind of money you keep in a piggy
bank what kind of choice was he doing
that he has that kind of money
well I pretend to be a girl online and I
shall pick
she's on my feet too weirdos man I wish
I had feet wait is that a tennis ball
blaster yeah that's exactly what was
used in the robbery oh come on everybody
has a tennis ball blaster well I don't
wear to the square well okay what does
it make fun of me day why do you hate me
so much God will be because you're
accusing me of a robbery that I didn't
commit well look what I have to work
with we found you a hat at the scene of
the crime you have a whole bunch of
money that's missing and here's a tennis
ball blaster that was used in the
robbery okay but that's just all a
coincidence yeah okay whatever how about
we go back to the scene of the crime and
see if that jogs your memory okay fine
my son wants a sandwich anyway so Jeffy
just stay here all right buddy
all right here we are at the scene of
the crime
look familiar hold on man just one
minute of course it looks familiar I was
just here robbing the place no I was
ordering a sandwich well then where's
the sandwich she never had time to make
it cuz the robber came in which was you
is you with robber
no no I was just ordering a sandwich all
right I'm gonna ask the cashier if she
recognizes no of course she's gonna I
was just here man have you ever seen
this man before
yeah oh really yeah because I was here
ordering a sandwich now ma'am what was
the last thing he said to you before he
knocked you out with a tennis ball he
was trying to get between this doesn't
look too good for you buddy the cameras
the cameras don't work they're purely
for decoration okay look you're under
arrest because we have a witness here
that says you were here on the day of
the robbery and we found your hat at the
scene of the crime or just check for
fingerprints you're wearing gloves all
right say bye to your son all right
Jeffy apparently I'm going to jail for
armed robbery
how long are you gonna be gone for Danny
you facing 35 to life life no one no one
you know what to sleep forever that's
the law apparently I'm going to jail for
35 years probably why there's Lunchables
in the fridge but what if I want Wayne's
just use your piggy make money can I
call my lawyer you can meet him at the
jail come on
all right Goodman tell it to me straight
will Mario I reviewed your case and and
you are so ass
what do you mean the
Constitution's gonna have a field day
with you Mario they have so much
evidence what do they have they have
your hat at the scene of the crime
and they have witness testimony from the
employees saying that you were the last
person she saw before she blacked out oh
I know it looks like I did it but I
didn't do it
well if it looks like poop and smells
like poop then what is it Mario poop
ding ding ding poop your poop Mario I
was just there buying a sandwich what
Mario do you have an alibi where were
you during the crime
oh it's at the restaurant shut up I want
you to shut that dirty little mouth I
never want to hear you say that again
Mario but I want at the restaurant shut
up
you were on the beach in the Bahamas
drinking fruity drinks from some dude
named Pepito no no I wanted that's a lie
I know Mario but if you want to win this
you have to lie you have to lie lie lie
and once you're done lying you have to
lie some more and you're going to tell
one more lie with a cherry on top well I
want to tell the truth okay if you want
to tell the truth Mario then do you just
want to take the max sentence life like
Mario or do you want to take the plea
deal what what's the plea deal 15 years
15 years your wall seven and a half with
good behavior I don't want the plea deal
I just want to tell the truth and I want
to be found innocent
Laurie Mario let me see what I can do
okay I don't I don't want to take the
plea deal
I got it Mario just let me see what I
can do come on
shut up Mario let me do all the talking
okay all rise for the Honorable Judge
strong bottom
order order Court is now in session
Mario you are being charged with armed
robbery how do you bleed Your Honor we
would like to take the plea deal what
perfect sir winning shot Mario you are
hereby sentenced to 15 years in federal
prison yeah that was nice let's break
for an early lunch I didn't want to take
a plea deal they had a super quarter
Mario I had no other option all right
you're coming with me you didn't even
try I don't want to go to Java fifteen
years seven and a half of good behavior
so be good look at that sad face how am
I gonna tell them okay I can do this
come on
hey there champ there's a something I
need to talk to you about what's going
on well it's about you daddy
he's uh he's gonna be in jail for a long
time my daddy my DA double D why hope he
doesn't drop that show right well since
he's not gonna be here we're gonna have
to put you in a foster home for
imaginary fringe no no not like the TV
show this is a foster home for very real
and sad children well what can I stay
here well you're just the kid you can't
live here by yourself well your dad's in
jail didn't do anything I was here the
whole time well it's too late for that
kid he's already in jail want me to get
my daddy out of jail I'm gonna prove
he's innocent how you gonna do that
champ you're gonna get a spoon and dig a
tunnel under the prison like in a movie
or something no I'm detective Jeffy do
young take me to the senior crime oh
okay I got nothing better to do come on
alright kid here we are back at the
scene of the crime but my men sweep tall
over this place so I don't know what
you're hoping to find there's no
evidence here never question detective
Jaffe take a couple fawns and a couple
wands and his methods are unusual but
he's the best detective we have what you
dish that's one step closer to Fran Maud
daddy no I'm gonna track it tastes like
a clown follow me
alright kids so why are you setting up a
birthday party for yourself because we
found clown hair and d'shannon or crying
and if you shed up a birthday party a
clown will come because clowns always go
to birthday parties well why do we need
a clown to come when you are already
here oh oh oh you want me to go get my
doctor outfit on so I can treat that
burn whoa yeah alright but seriously
though what yet what is the plan or we
set up a birthday party and your clown
will come so we're just gonna [ __ ] here
and tell the clown come oh let me go
shame and no hey kid I heard there was a
party so I thought you needed a clown so
I came over and I brought my tennis ball
blaster so I can do tricks so you know
let me in yeah sure all right which one
of you kids is the birthday boy I guess
they'd be him oh I didn't mean to do
that
I accidentally did that some woman's
face earlier hmm sorry for making a mess
you guys got any napkins I'll just use
my ski mask I used earlier
so how you guys gonna pay me today I
only accept cash
what's my hair doing on the table must
be falling out knitting I was getting
that old
can we hurry up and cut this cake I'm
starving
you really work up an appetite after you
robbed a sandwich shop wait a minute did
you rob a sandwich shop earlier oh no ok
you were just saying a lot of weird
stuff but I'm sorry for accusing you
weren't worrying you earlier today I was
robbing a sandwich shop I knew it oh
that's it you're under arrest screwball
Oh rats nice job kid you're a natural
all right Mario you're free to go wait
what happened well you should thank you
son detective Jeffy he's a real Sherlock
Holmes Jeffy would you do that I got
that long song that Peter Piper picked a
peck of pickled peppers
what she sells seashells by the seashore
you know but what happened Danny how
much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood I don't know
what happened
Irish wristwatch you know rubber baby
buggy bumpers but what happened Danny
I'll tell you my skunk sat on a stump
and thunk the stump stump but the stump
stump the skunk stunk what exactly
exactly great grapes no more tongue
twisters what is happening it was a
clown okay which means it was you cuz
you're a cloud oh oh my god oh oh yeah
if you feel like a pimp going dust your
shoulders off oh oh look what I'm doing
Oh cuz I'm a pimp
oh yeah oh I'll go get my dr. outfit so
I can treat that burn oh they're going
well man I put on the doctor outfit and
everything because you know it's funny
cuz doctors treat burns and well I
thought it was funny and would have been
so funny if you want to hurt it oh
you're leaving already
oh yeah see you later man I'll see you
later oh wait wait wait so I can free
kick
[Music]