all right CL happy St Patrick's Day
happy St me's day I'm y w greens for
somebody can pinch me but not too hard
cuz I'll scream uhuh thank you Patrick
all right CR since it's St Patrick's Day
if you're not wearing green then pinch
the out of each other so what I
want you to do is everyone pull out a
piece of paper and write a story about
what you would do if you saw a replica
you stubborn little booger I'm hungry I
haven't had breakfast yet but I'm about
to
I don't see Jeffy wearing green I guess
that means I can pinch him pinch what in
the cow did you just pinch me yeah
cuz you're not wearing green I got a
booger in my nose don't you see it that
doesn't count dumbass you got to be
wearing green there's green on my diaper
well you shouldn't even be wearing a
diaper cuz you're a big boy listen if
you pinch me again you're going to be
breathing through a straw pinch oh you
 you come here you're a
 die you h what the
hell Jeffy stop you're going to kill
him my boy beautiful baby boy tell me D
tell me straight up what's wrong well
judging by the smell I'd say you got
gingivitis no my son not me oh God I get
that this is really sad but right now I
feel a little worse for my nose are you
serious ma'am what he's trying to say is
that your son is brain dead and we've
put him in a medically induced comp yeah
he's on that good Michael Jackson
would be jealous is my son going to
survive well people don't usually come
back from being brain dead but you can
go ahead and pray to whatever God you
want maybe make a Facebook post get some
likes that might help you know what I
want to press charges on whoever did
this to my baby
boy okay tell you what I'm a cop so I'll
go work on
that Marvin you're not wearing green oh
yes I am green socks green underwear
stop it now Jeffy we got a call from
your principal why did you beat up
another student ask me if I give a
do you give a well Daddy my last
 to give is right here and it says
in case of emergency break the glass and
this isn't an emergency hey there I'm
here to arrest your son wait why are you
going to arrest Jeffy for the fight he
got in today at school oh come on you
can't arrest a kid for getting some Tom
Foolery oh that was not Tom foery he
beat that kid so bad he's got brain
damage he's got brain damage you hear
that Jeffy you made another kid act just
like you Marvin it's true they both have
R okay how bad is the kid hurt well I
mean he's beat up pretty bad he's
breathing through a tube what Jeffy you
Mak another kid breathe through a tube
well Dad he wouldn't stop pinching me
and I told him that if he kept pinching
me he'd be breathing through a straw you
did this over a pinch you did this over
someone pinched you I didn't want to be
pinched hey for the record none of you
guys can pinch me cuz cuz that would be
assaulting a police officer so don't
even don't even think about it then why
why don't you just wear green well you
know I I I I knew it was St Patrick's
Day but I want someone to test me I want
somebody to try that I will throw
your ass in jail who wants to do it you
you want to pinch me that's what I
thought I mean I mean you're not wearing
green you better not pinch me I
will shoot you guys you're not going to
believe it we did it SML is officially
in a video game we now have our own
dragon in Dragon City look at this thing
it's Majestic powerful and definitely
smarter than the real Jeffy for a
limited time you can get your own right
now in Dragon City if you haven't
checked out Dragon City yet you
definitely should you have islands in
the sky where your collection of pet
dragons hang out and earn gold which you
use to upgrade and decorate your domain
you can also pick the most badass
dragons from your collection train them
up and then use them to complete events
fight other players or go on rescue
missions to earn rewards and new dragons
there's also breeding where you pick two
dragons and let them have some alone
time in the love cave and boom out comes
a brand new dragon to add to your
collection right now you can download
the game using the link below or scan
the QR code and you'll get the official
SML decorations 15,000 food 30,000 gold
and the limited edition Tri feather
Carnival themed dragon so what are you
waiting for go get your SML dragon and
grow your dragon Empire hey you know St
Patrick's Day that reminds me of a St
Patrick's Day story I have you've told
us one before no this is a different one
I've lived through a lot of St Patrick's
days let me tell you about it so my
great great grandmother Joanne died and
her funeral just so happened to fall on
St Patrick's Day I wore a bright green
suit I look like a leprechaun but guess
what color everyone else was wearing
black not a single piece of green
clothing was at that funeral except for
me I said all you guys are and I
went around pinching everybody I pinched
my uncles my aunts my cousins my nephews
everyone was crying but I couldn't tell
if it was cuz they were sad about Joanne
dying or if they were ashamed they
forgot to wear green and got pinched and
guess what it was an open casket so my
great grandmother Joanne's dead ass got
pinched too I pinched her so hard the
embalming fluid squirted out the whole
Funeral Home was mortified that was the
saddest day for my family but the
happiest day for me because I didn't
forget to wear green so yeah don't
invite me to a on St Patrick's Day
unless you want to get pinched well do
you think maybe your family was really
sad because they were trying to grieve
and all you cared about was pinching
them yeah maybe could have been both but
hey I take St Patrick's Day very
seriously okay now I know I'm not
wearing green today but I just wanted
somebody to try my ass no homo like I
didn't want them to try my ass like try
it out I just I wanted somebody to like
test me you know well anyway I'm
arresting Jeffy come on let's go to je
oh don't arrest Jeffy oh he didn't mean
to pinch okay that that is it I'm about
to join him in jail
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge Boer and today we will
be hearing the case of Jeffy who beat
the everloving out of a classmate
for pinching him on St Patrick's Day for
not wearing green Jeffy explain yourself
well first off I had a booger in my nose
so technically I had green on me and I
told him that if he pinched me he'd be
breathing through a straw and mama ain't
raised no liar so guess what he's
breeding out of well the St Patrick's
Day rulle state that you must be wearing
green clothing and since the booger was
in your nose and not visible that means
you were pinchable and since it was a
worthy pinch you were not justified to
retaliate in such a gruesome way officer
guy how bad are the victim's injuries
well your honor he's in a coma and he's
practically brain dead he's breathing
through a tube and he's got a machine
keeping him alive he's what we call a
vegetable your
honor vegetables how old are you 20 oh
dear well in that case Jeffy I sentence
you to 25 hours of community service
pinch you're not wearing green that is
it I sentence you to 25 years in prison
because that pinch really really hurt
and I'm pissed off that I wasn't wearing
green on St Patrick's Day officer take
him away all right you're coming with me
p you're not wearing green you're not
wearing green either you little
 you do not get off come on don't
pitch me all right get in there you come
here you're not going to pitch me you
little have fun spending the next
25 years of your miserable life in
prison I'm sorry that was really mean
this must be really upsetting for you
and you're going to have to be in there
for a long time I mean I could never do
it honestly cuz I'm claustrophobic so
that seems pretty bch okay take
it all back I'll kill you die
what am I going to do in here for 25
[Music]
years hey beautiful what's up what bring
you to Bubbles Paradise your cute ass I
beat the out of someone ooh nauy
naughty boy I done my fair share of
tearing up man ass consensually and not
consent so the choice is what's going to
be your choice tonight if you touch mean
you die oh oh you ain't got to be too
feisty baby I'm a lover not a fighter
pinch you're not wearing
green kinky but you should have pinched
a little lower on a nipple so I could
feel it my
turn what's going on bubbles what
happened I hit him very hard and a lot
why would you do that bubbles has been
an exceptional inmate I've only heard
good things about him from his other
cellmates you know he actually spend his
commissary money massage oils so he can
give his cellmates massages cuz they're
so stressed out and he buys them
laxative cuz apparently being in prison
makes you really constipated and he's
even found a bunch of Contraband in his
cellmates asses and turned him into me
he didn't have to help me out like that
but he did cuz he's a good guy you know
what I'm putting you in solitary
Consignment okay I wonder how Jeffy is
doing in jail well baby he deserves to
be there he did what he did and he needs
to do this time hey there so Jeffy
knocked out his cellmate so I have to
put him in solitary confinement but the
problem is the prison doesn't really
have a solitary confinement cuz we're
renovating it right now so I'm just
going to take him to a super max
security prison all the way in Colorado
and you're never going to see him again
so I just brought him here so you could
say goodbye Jeffy is there anything you
want to say to your parents stink stink
 and there it is so that's the
last thing you're ever going to hear
from him so I hope you enjoyed that oh
come on I don't want him to go to colado
for that long is there is there anything
you can do like please we'll do anything
for you to release him please I'm so
sorry H anything huh o this is like a
genie wish well I mean you can only ask
for something that I can actually do no
it's like a sucky Genie like a that only
grants one shitty wish you know what I
really want a what yeah I just
really need to give a but I don't
give a so if I had a to give
that would be great oh I have a
it's my very last a to give or
in my case take yes I'm going to take
this to give cuz I really need to
give a well why well you see my
wife keeps complaining that the
dishwasher is going on way longer than
it should and honestly I just I don't
give a so if I take this I can
finally give a you're free to go
Jeffy
so Jeffy did you learn your lesson no
huge thanks to Dragon City for
sponsoring this video don't forget to
download the game and use the link below
to claim your rewards but most
importantly go grab an smnl Dragon while
they're available
[Music]