today you're gonna be taking a
super-huge important test it's an
acronym and there's gonna be super huge
important tests all over your desk and
you better not fail cuz if you fail
you're gonna go over and back to
kindergarten
so why are you taking super huge upon
tests I'm gonna go take super huge
important tests in the bathroom so you
got ten minutes get to work
oh no my super huge important test I
don't know any of these answers me
either dude hey Cody can you help us
steal the test Cody you know the rules
no Falls there class put your phone away
before you fail no excuses Cody someone
turned him off sorry Cody I gotta turn
you off one more quick announcement I'm
proud to announce that my daughter's
ping and pong are gonna be permanent
students here and why you dog Elementary
I know
try not to rap because I know down okay
a super huge f1 test
all right ping-pong go sit in front of
Joseph oh man I'm gonna fail this test
so hard dude why don't you just SPE vana
have a seat what choice enough the
teachers daughters they might tell on us
I mean she seems cool at least and fresh
out of her I don't want to fail it's
worth a shot
Hey ping-pong we want I was wondering if
you can help me on my test cuz I don't
know what I'm doing ah you kill you want
to be my boyfriend
what no I don't want your boyfriend
you're kind of weird-looking I just want
help on my test you have to be my
boyfriend
dude do it we need to pass this test I
don't want to date or Joseph Hey sure
I'll be your boyfriend
you better be done taking your super
huge important test
you better not be backed up so come up
here and
even if you prairie-dogging hates your
test back oh hey your Peck's bad boy
friend dude your girlfriend is so
awesome I know she did our test force
let's win a minute okay
all right class I just got done grading
a test and I'm 12 corvallis dad jr.
Joseph and my two daughters ping and
pong all got a presses on the test and
Cody got an F oh man I can't believe I
got an A+
me too dude I just totally worth dating
Bing bong I'm gonna get straight A's hey
let's go tell my dad that we dating now
okay excuse me fara
what you want pee I just wanted to cut
you I have boyfriend now I'm dating
weird turtle man boyfriend I never
thought I seen a day you're gonna you
are worn on lucky MF Oh have you seen
our faces
yeah I seen both their faces and I think
they're just gorgeous
Oh Julia you might be able to ride in
their faces but you're not gonna ride on
my face here my own crossroad well Farah
I saw happy now you better stay happy
and you better hold on to this one
because this is the only boyfriend
you're gonna get now get out of here
ping-pong I gotta talk to do now okay
okay do not listen to me this is very
serious
those are my only daughter and you
better not break their hearts or hot I
think they share a heart yeah anyway
I've never seen her this happy so you
better not hurt her or then you better
not hurt them well so I'm gonna make
sure that you fail for a rough you're
right if you try to change schools I'm
gonna make sure you failed it who what
so you are stuck with her for the rest
of your life the rest of my life the
rest of your life no have a good day
dude what's wrong the teacher just said
if I ever break up with his daughter he
can follow me forever
he don't break up with her dude but I
don't want to be with her forever
you don't have to just be with her till
graduation we'll get all A's and you'll
get a scholarship I mean I guess that is
a good idea I mean I'm in no rush to
break up with her
oh man I don't know what to do
What's Wrong jr. I don't want to stay
with ping pong for the rest of my life
we didn't play a different table game
there's pool or foosball or air hockey
you don't have to just play ping pong
no Jeffy the girl I'm dating his name
ping pong name is yeah I just really
need to break up with her Samantha wants
to date me now but I don't want to fail
school okay are you just telling the
truth until I don't want to be with him
who's that oh hello ping what are you
doing here hey no man I can't do your
house to spend time with you because
you're my boyfriend
yeah you should have called listen ping
come inside I need to talk to you about
something okay listen ping pong there's
no easy way to say this serious what's
wrong doing yeah all right look I'm
trying to tell you that look when we met
today like there's our first time we met
and we don't really know each other that
well and I think it'd be best you know
if we just stayed as no with you all I'm
gonna tell my daddy you're gonna go to
detention forever
no no I was just saying that you know
today's the first day we met it's so
crazy how in love I am with you and that
I want to be with you forever
I never want to leave you I love you so
much you know okay how do you know Stan
to give pong a kiss could be good okay
nice and burn baby baby what do you
want jr. I'm sad don't be I'm cookie
bright mac and cheese your favorite I do
love Burt mac and cheese but look Chevy
I'm dating the teacher's daughter and
the teacher said if I break up with his
daughter he'll fail me and I really want
to break up with her but I don't know
how to do it
that's easy Junior get her to break up
with you I didn't think it down how do I
do that
just be yourself just be gross and
disgusting that's not hard I get we're
saying chef peepee I should invite her
over to dinner and when she sees how
gross your cooking is she'll break out
with me that's not what it said to you
thanks for the advice yet people you're
amazing God you don't listen thank you
so much for inviting me to dinner
boyfriend
don't mention it baby anything for you
wait B oh this is chef peepees
world-famous burt mac and cheese my
favorite why is it burnt because chef
peepee sucks at cooking and if you're
gonna be dating me get used to eating a
lot of burnt food cuz I love it and I
completely understand if you want to
break up with me oh no I don't want to
break up I've eaten much worse like bats
eat bats
yeah do you eat the baseballs too right
and the gloves huh why don't you try and
see if you like it okay oh this isn't
working it should be saying they need to
be gross Hey Baby you want to hear
something yeah listen to this
oh yeah and then it come out of my butt
neva
wait come out of there yeah use your
imagination there jus but you know what
I like do I throw my food Joseph I have
to find a way to break it with ping and
pong no do not do this to us dude
we need those grades and I want to be a
doctor and I can't afford College
I need a scholarship well then why don't
you day them know they like you well
Samantha likes you too and I'd rather
date her dude if you're gonna break up
with them at least get it to where
they're still gonna help us cheat on
tests I know that's what I'm trying to
do I'm trying to break up where our way
where she won't be mad and tell her dad
cuz I don't want to fail but I tried
being gross
I tried feeding our chef he's cooking
nothing's worked I need an idea oh dude
push it down the stairs
well the chickens getting hurt and tell
her dad not if she doesn't wake up then
how she gonna help us cheat on tests oh
dude I forgot about that
oh yeah another idea I need a good idea
I got an idea it's real good what dude
how about you act like you're really
sick and you only got one day to live
yeah that's perfect Joseph I'll have one
day to live and she'll break out with me
because I'll tell her I don't want to
hold her down when I die yeah nobody
wants to be with a dead person exactly a
pig's joke that you're awesome yeah no
I'm gonna tell her okay ping and pong
get in here what's up my friend
Oh baby I'm not feeling too good oh no
did you eat it back yep I did hold out
and the baseball and the glove are you
gonna be okay well I don't know how to
tell you this but the doctor says I only
have tonight to live so I completely
understand if you want to break up
because I wouldn't want to date someone
who is dying either oh no joke bugs
you're not gonna get
that easily if you only got one nights
to live that will go to make a couch all
night long you know we're gonna do you
know actually I think I feel a lot
better so you know I think I'll just
talk to you later all right Jule bunks
oh I don't know what to do
who's that oh hello dude look who I
found in the orphanage wait what are you
do that orphanage oh you know just
hoping someone would adopt me or who are
you my name is big little dome and
together we are ding dong ding and dong
what are you doing here dude I found
this freak of nature and I was thinking
maybe you're freaking nature to follow
love together
don't be amazing yeah ping pong meets
ding dong they can fall in love and then
I'll be friends yeah yeah that's what I
was thinking come it's like being a dog
okay
hey ping and pong I want to show you
something what's that did you bug I want
to show you ding dong all right unzip
your pants oh no his name is ding and
dong hello
holy crap in my underoos if that's not
the hottest mans I've ever seen wait
you're saying is really hard
oh it's exactly what I'm saying there
junebug and I apologized but it's not
gonna work out between me and you did
you bug what are you breaking up with me
yeah but sure it's sorry about that all
right come here dig dog
show me how you got that name Oh oppa
gangam Tao what she just broke on me so
that it worked
dude it looks like you can finally get
together with Samantha yeah I can I'm
gonna call Samantha right now she
already has a boyfriend
I should have been quicker
[Music]