so guys what do you want to do today you
guys want to Squad up in fortnite yeah
dude let's run some trios yeah that
sounds like so much fun but first I have
to call my girlfriend and tell her good
morning what what's next you gotta go to
her house and wipe her ass no guys she
gets mad if I don't call her just shut
up good morning Cuddle Bear good morning
snuggle bunny
do you miss me Pookie bill of course I
miss you my honey bun sugar plum pum
Junior have some self-respect come on
Bianca [ __ ] Halloween yet okay shut up
guys do
you mean
hell no I'm not a snuggles boogers oh no
he's dead he's gone somebody write a
obituary all right the obituary rest in
peace junior he went out like a [ __ ]
well guys shut up who's all there it's
just Joseph and Cody prove it send a
selfie guys can we send a selfie to
Penelope but I'm
not come on let's have a quickie real
quick to you
Penelope it's just us oh okay good so
what are you doing today I'm going to my
friend's birthday party today okay have
fun there's not many guys there is there
yes but it's just her brother do you
think the brother's hot no Junior I'm
pretty sure he's gay do you have his
number no Junior I gotta go bye
don't talk to him
guys is a problem yes a problem you're
missing your balls and we
can birthday party and there's gonna be
a guy there do you think she likes him
oh he's already there he was clapping
the cheeks and you interrupted her with
the phone call what really yeah now it's
time for round two fight
you don't think Penelope is that kind of
girl oh she is finisher hello guys yo
Cody Cody if I take you to the party can
you tell me if the guy's gay or not if
he's gay I'll be able to tell there's a
test okay uh guys we go to party with me
no dude I don't want to see you get your
heart broken I'ma just chill here and
play your games oh come on Cody we have
to go to the party now all right ladies
gather around before we let the candles
on Susie's birthday salad why doesn't
she have a birthday cake because
birthday cake rots your teeth and
beautiful ladies have beautiful teeth
and boys mother yes
don't you do us the honest of singing
happy birthday for Susie Oh I thought
you'd never ask
happy happy birthday
to happy birthday
to you
happy birthday
dear Susie
happy birthday to
you hi
I'm so sorry what's wrong what's wrong
Shaquisha let's see what beautiful as
[ __ ] listen ladies listen I know that
it's Susie's special day but I just want
to say that I think every single one of
you are princesses
[ __ ] sweet oh God
calm down I'm gonna light the candles
okay Cody this is where the birthday
party's happening are we invited no
we're gonna crash this party well that
seems rude no shut up Cody we have to go
in there and see if the guy's gay so
we're gonna bust in on the count of 15.
one wait why 15. just 15. one two three
all right Susie blow out your candles
but there's no fire yeah the candles
aren't lit that's because fire is
dangerous so just pretend make a wish
blow out your candles I wasted with my
boys in my potty me too 14 15. we're
here everybody I'm so sorry everyone I
thought we were invited where's Penelope
oh my God boys
boys yes Junior what are you doing here
we want to check out the party make sure
there's a party going on junior you
weren't invited it that's okay he can
stay see look she said we can stay I'm
gonna go wash some dishes so where's
this gay brother of yours oh my
brother's over here
Junior oh hey Timmy you flirting with
him what no Junior oh my God but he has
the most beautiful voice ever oh my God
stop you're beautiful oh my God really
oh no that's it Timmy I didn't talk to
you in private okay Junior yeah come
here oh my God am I glad you guys showed
up it was a total clam Fest in there I
was like oh my God what are more
sausages gonna arrive Junior my gaydar
is going off what's a gator I'm
detecting high levels of gayness from
him so do you guys want to maybe go
outside and play some football or
something that was kind of straight is
it tackle it flag football oh tackle all
the way that's kind of gay well don't
you have a gay test for him yeah I do
hey Tammy I got this four foot long hot
dog for you oh what a big Glizzy you
know what they call me right the glissy
goblin what do they call you that oh
just watch
I'm almost done I'm almost done
I love you I just I love you so do you
maybe want to go in the closet and play
seven seconds in heaven if I can last
seven seconds come out wait Cody is he
gay or not happy Birthday Susie thank
you hey Penelope I just asked Timmy if
you and him made out and he said yes no
he didn't Junior that's a lie you're
right I just want to see if you'd admit
to it
the board came from the closet okay
potty
so you like salad huh see I like salad
ready much but what if I tossed your
salad why would you toss the salad that
would make a really big maze well maybe
I'm a messy boy how about you take my
phone and add your number we can talk
sometime okay yeah that'll get back at
Penelope for talking to Timmy okay here
your phone is thank you so much hey can
you add your number two oh you're sweet
as [ __ ]
uh hello
what do you need I need Hungry Hungry
Hippos he's busy what Uh Oh you mean the
board game
here here you go thank you okay now
leave us alone all right guys I got
hungry hungry hippos I think everybody
left the party yeah it's probably
because there was no cake yeah this
party was super lame oh Junior you do
not have to worry about him at all you
are good wait he's gay yeah I'd say he's
pretty gay what do you mean I'm straight
sure you are buddy hey Penelope you want
to come over to my house and hang out
yeah I guess wait what's with the
attitude Junior you've been mean to meet
me all night and then you showed up to a
birthday party you weren't invited to
and embarrassed me in front of all of my
friends I just heard there was a guy
here and I want to see if you cheat on
me oh Junior well just come over to my
house we can hang out fine can I come um
I'll call you okay hey Joseph Penelope
came over wait what you're still with
her she's got her back rolling out of
the party dude what he's just being a
silly goose oh
how much I'm a sales but you don't want
[ __ ] whip dude but okay what do you
want to do um I guess we could watch
tick tocks on your phone my phone oh how
about a sneeze give me a tissue what
give me a tissue please boogers gonna go
everywhere okay
what the hell is that about I have to
delete the text off my phone who's
texting you I got a bunch of girls
numbers at the party ooh you play a maid
ass [ __ ] thank you Junior that's
cheating it's not cheating Cody I can go
shoe shopping while wearing my current
pair of shoes that's wrong no it's not
Cody listen it's so much easier to flirt
with girls when you have a girlfriend
because if they insult you or say no
you're not gonna feel bad because you
can just fall back on your girlfriend
it's like a parachute Penelope is my
parachute I'm not gonna die
hey Junior I got a paper towel because I
couldn't find a tissue oh paper towel
you want me to cut my nose with that
rough thing and bleed out the death give
me an actual tissue okay fine
I forgot to delete one more text Junior
wait I look this is just payback for her
talking to Timmy Timmy is gay what if
he's faking it if that was an act he
deserves an Oscar oh she's coming back
come back all right Junior here's your
toilet paper toilet paper that goes on
your butt not your nose you asked for it
I wanted tissue you know what fine I'll
use it okay good can I see your phone so
I can watch tick tocks now I think you
should just leave
because you're being rude just get out
of here hey Cody you saw that you saw
that I think my boy found his balls
where were they we were looking
everywhere for him yeah I thought we'd
never find him yes you're just trying to
go to my phone and being annoying and I
just don't want her here right now I got
other girls to talk to you know man I'm
glad to have my boy back yeah
you guys think Penelope would ever cheat
on me God he's gone again well no no she
just went to that party today and I
thought she was gonna talk to that guy
and I don't know I just didn't like how
she was gonna talk to another guy and I
I like that so I think
that's a guy to see if she cheat on me
genie that's crazy no it's not crazy I
just want to see if she would do
it here at Jamie's grin show Jammy jams
Crenshaw preserve jams Crenshaw hey
there someone called PJ
can I smell you please please no oh man
but thanks for answering though well Mr
PJ your highness yeah your royalty yes
I'm so honored to be in your presence
thank you may I ask you a question I'll
allow it thank you sir so first off I
have a girlfriend oh congratulations
little buddy is it your first time yes
sir it's my first time that's cute I was
wondering if I could hire you to see if
she cheat on me oh I don't think you
want the answer bro just put on some
juice world and let your mind wander
talk that [ __ ] PJ no I really do want to
know if she'll cheat on me and I think
there's some things you're better off
not knowing you know there's always a
bigger fish out there anything you can
offer her there's somebody else that can
offer it ten times more preach yeah yeah
she's not yours it's just your turn
that's what I'm talking about well look
I still would like you to try and see if
she would cheat on me I don't think you
can afford me little buddy well what's
the price hmm two cups of Play-Doh two
cups yeah what what color I think you
know primary colors yeah oh my God it's
gonna cost me an arm and a leg Junior if
you want demand Services you gotta pay
yeah you know it cost to be a boss dude
um are we doing this or am I going home
okay fine let me get the Play-Doh all
right PJ there's your Play-Doh this [ __ ]
better not be still it's not Bruh Bruh
what it's staying fail and it's also
half empty how am I supposed to make
spaghetti with this come on dude that's
PJ Crenshaw you can't chip PJ Crenshaw
oh it's just all the yellow that I have
yeah the No Deal so never find out if
your girl's faithful no BJ please see if
she'll cheat on me Junior it was crazy
what you were trying to do anyway I just
wanted to see if Penelope would be
faithful to me oh maybe I can make a
fake Instagram page and put hot pictures
of guys on there and see if she'll reply
to the messages yeah and while you do
that I think I'm gonna go back over to
that Kid's Closet so don't check on me
[Music]
foreign
[Music]