so guys are you ready to watch tv oh
yeah dude wait have you guys seen the
remote no i don't see you dude cody have
you seen the remote no
are you sitting on the remote again cody
yeah
get it out okay can you give me a tug oh
it's really in there it is okay
it's stuck in there hey joseph can you
help me no dude i'm not touching that
joseph i need your help help me pull it
out oh okay
[Music]
cody stop sitting on the remote yeah
sorry no no turn on the tv i don't touch
that okay
you're watching most dangerous wipeouts
oh this guy thinks he's doing a trick oh
no kids for you
all right this guy's doing a little
bicycle ride and oh get wrecked loser oh
what's this what's this little bicycle
race okay everybody jump over the
barriers oh but not this guy he thinks
he's real cool oh
what does the dirt taste like whoa
are you guys thinking what i'm thinking
yeah give me that remote let me put it
nice cody stop trying to sit on the
remote okay i was thinking that we can
record us doing something dangerous and
then we can send it in so we can be on
tv like sit on the remote no that sounds
awesome but what will we record uh we
can record us grabbing a pair of
scissors and cutting our uvulas off oh
[ __ ] no no that would hurt we don't need
our uvulas yeah i don't need mine ah
yeah just look at it it's just that
they're hanging wanting to be cut out no
we need those we can't cut those off
okay fine cody we'll do something safer
oh i know let's grab a hammer and try to
bash our fingers with it oh awesome no
that's not cool that would just be
painful
little bitty baby cody doesn't want to
do anything dangerous so how about we do
something really safe like oh joseph you
could ride a bicycle off my roof now
that sounds awesome yeah dude i could
totally pop a willy yeah okay so cody
you grab the cam i got the cam yeah i'm
gonna get a bike dude oh yeah you get
the bike oh dude i'm so ready oh yeah
it's gonna be awesome hey cody are you
recording oh yeah i'm recording he's
gonna get some wicked air yeah it's
gonna be awesome now dude are you sure
i'm not gonna get hurt you're not gonna
get hurt so it's gonna be awesome okay
on the count of three you're gonna go
right three
two
one
sick oh dude
that looked awesome joseph cool did you
get it oh it looked boss junior oh show
it to me hey
joseph shut up i'm trying to watch the
video i think joseph's hurt junior
jose's not hurt
i think you should call a doctor okay
i'll call a doctor after you show me the
video okay
okay so your friend here broke every
bone in his body what oh no yeah see i
voiced both characters so this is what
you're gonna get anyway like i said your
friend here broke every bone in his body
well what's that mean well it means he
broke both his arms both his legs his
ribs are destroyed and his spine is
snapped in half that's so rad yeah you
know what's even more rad he doesn't
have health insurance because apparently
he's been living alone because he
doesn't have parents and that means i
can't treat him and that means he's
probably gonna die well how much are his
medical bills about fifty thousand
dollars well it was nice knowing you
joseph junior we have to help him
all right this is not gonna work switch
junior we have to help him see that's a
lot better but cody we cannot pay his
medical bills they're fifty thousand
dollars we have to do something junior
it's our fault he went off the roof in
the first place ah i guess you're right
but how are we gonna get fifty thousand
dollars i don't know but we have to help
him somehow it's our responsibility so
yeah who's gonna pay his medical bills
hey brooklyn this guy wants to know yeah
all right no you'll switch okay so who's
gonna cover his medical bills me and my
friend cody are gonna try to raise the
money you just have to give us some time
okay but you only have
24 hours done
all right come on cody let's go try to
raise the money okay
hey chef pee pee what do you want junior
i'm trying to cook can we borrow fifty
thousand dollars
fifty thousand dollars junior i've been
working for your dad for ten years and i
haven't been paid twenty dollars what
makes you think i have fifty thousand
dollars well joseph broke every bone in
his body and he doesn't have medical
insurance i don't have medical insurance
and i'm perfectly fine well joseph has
50 000 medical bills and if we don't pay
it in 24 hours he's gonna die is this
the part where i get sad or something
well it's also kind of our fault because
we made him go off the roof on a bicycle
yeah it was rad god that does sound rad
well how are you gonna raise some money
junior i don't know that's why we came
to you for the money look if i knew how
to raise that money i wouldn't be doing
it right now oh we could try washing
cars no yeah they don't want you
touching their cars with your dirty
fingers look they have machines that do
that oh oh i know we could have a big
sale where we sell cookies for the money
yeah yeah it should be you can make the
cookies oh yeah because i'm not doing
anything i can totally cook for you
right now yeah you're not doing anything
oh okay so all we have to do is make
like 10 cookies junior we'd have to sell
a lot more than 10 cookies yeah you have
to sell like a truckload like a shitload
like like just stop me at any time um no
we can just sell ten cookies for five
thousand dollars a piece
no one's gonna pay five thousand dollars
for a cookie bill gates would we're not
selling to bill gates warren buffett no
jeff bezos okay he's too busy going to
space okay fine we'll lower the price
but uh chef are you gonna make the
cookies what do i get out of it junior
um we'll give you half of everything we
make
that's the deal damn it
i'll get the mickey why would you do
that junior he's gonna make the cookies
now no now we have to raise a hundred
thousand dollars no we don't have to
raise 50. junior you just told chef pee
pee we would give him half of anything
we make if we only raise 50 000
then he only gets 25 and we only get 25
000 and that's not enough to pay off
joseph's medical bills jose's medical
bills are only 50. so we only have to
raise 50. no junior we have to raise a
hundred thousand because we have to be
able to afford to pay chef pee pee
you don't know what you're talking about
cody just just make the cookies
[Music]
all right the first batch is done oh
these cookies look amazing i know i know
i'm gonna try one no junior we have to
sell those well i have to make sure they
taste good we're not gonna sell any if
you eat them all i have to make sure
they don't taste like butt why would
they taste like butter i cooked them
myself well what if you like farting
them or pee in them why would i pee in
them i couldn't myself well look i'm
gonna try one okay i think we should all
try one well okay we'll all try one each
no i'm saying we all try the same cookie
i'm not gonna eat after you cody you eat
butt well that may be true but we
shouldn't waste a cookie i'm still gonna
try one why you two argue i'm gonna put
this batch in the
i can't open it
up
oh oh no
all right your friend chef pee pee he
has third degree burns all over his body
except for right between his eyes and he
doesn't have health insurance either so
his medical bills are gonna be another
fifty thousand dollars
junior this is all your fault oh switch
junior this is all your fault how is it
my fault if you hadn't pushed chef pee
pee into an oven we wouldn't have this
problem well maybe chef pee pee should
have let me put the cookies in the oven
junior now we owe 150 000. everything's
gonna be okay look you can bake the
cookies and i'll sell them all right
fine i guess so uh am i gonna get my
money's or not why does he sound like
that look the voice actor can't play
both characters come on all right junior
you sell those cookies while i make
these do you even know how to make
cookies cody well it doesn't seem that
complicated i could probably figure it
out all right chef cody
i like that i like the sound of that all
right i'm gonna sell all these cookies
and make a bunch of money yeah you
better you better make a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars
uh hey roy ew why are you talking to me
loser well i was just wondering if you
wanted to buy some cookies buy
cookies i don't buy anything things are
just given to me you know one time i
went to a super bowl and i didn't have
to pay for anything i know then why
would i buy your stupid cookies well i'm
just trying to raise some money and i
want to know if you want to buy some no
no no no i'll tell you what i'm gonna
take these cookies these are mine now
well you have to pay for those no roy
doesn't pay for anything
you're right
wow these cookies look pretty good hey
cody oh hey junior you sell any cookies
i actually sold the whole batch really
that's amazing who bought all those
cookies uh roy so you didn't get any
money because roy doesn't pay for
anything
unless a girl bought him for him did
that happen no what so why would you
even sell to roy in the first place
junior you know he doesn't pay for
anything but he has a rolex so i thought
he had money yeah i know junior that's
what the rolex is for so you think he
has money but he doesn't that's why he
has three baby mamas okay look i'll be
more careful next time cody i'll only
sell to people who have money well good
because we can't afford to keep losing
cookies what's wrong with these cookies
what do you mean there's nothing wrong
with them what's all this stuff on top
of them what do you mean sprinkles yeah
why i had to gay it up a little bit
we're supposed to be making chocolate
chip people like sprinkles no they don't
like toothpaste and orange juice what
are you talking about that has nothing
to do with this you know what i think
about these cookies
junior
where are my glasses oh no they're
broken on the ground over there but
junior you broke my glasses i need those
glasses to see i'm over here what i'm
over here what junior i don't know what
to do now i can't see you destroyed one
batch of cookies you gave another batch
of cookies away and i don't know what to
do now we're still 150 thousand dollars
in the red okay
i'll bake the cookies and you can sell
them i can't sell them because i can't
see you can see but i can't did junior
don't tell me what i can and cannot see
all the little i'll bake the cookies
i've watched chef cookies for years so i
know how to bake cookies you can like
try to sell them all right look we can
make this work are you sure you know how
to make cookies oh look you can come
watch me come try to watch make cookies
i can't watch anything because i can't
see
then come supervise me or listen i don't
know how i'm fine all right cody are you
ready to watch me make the best cookies
ever junior make the cookies good i'm
over here
over here that's good enough junior just
please make them rain i know how to make
cookies cody i've been making cookies
for years i'm the cookie master i can
make cookies in my sleep just shut up
and do it okay um the first ingredient i
need is uh
i need an egg
okay yeah i guess that makes sense and
uh i'm gonna just like
like that junior what was that that was
me cracking the egg for the yolk for the
the cookies okay yeah i need another
another egg
okay i'm just gonna
like that okay two eggs yeah i'm doing
doing that and i think i need i think i
need another one i don't know that that
seems like kind of a lot of eggs yeah
that's what i'm doing what no no no i
don't think you're supposed to do
junior junior you're not just throwing
eggs at the pan are you no good because
that would be the stupidest thing you
could possibly be doing
really yeah
well that's that's
that's that's
that's not what i'm doing well good
because that would be really dumb all
right so um i think i'm almost done
really are you are you sure because it
seems like you just put eggs in it so
far oh you think i should add something
else yeah probably uh oh hold on i think
i know what i need uh where is it where
is it uh
all right i got it
junior what is that squirting noise your
mom no i'm serious junior what is that
it's uh the chocolate syrup
why why i'm making the chocolate chips
people don't usually make their own
chocolate chips well i do i'm the king
of chocolate chips i know i make the
best homemade chocolate chip
you're using this entire bottle i guess
i really like chocolate chips
it smells like tomatoes
it's it's tomato based that's okay
chocolate chips i mean if you say
something it's ready to go in the oven
really that seems kind of fast yeah
all right cody the cookies are done
junior where do they smell like throw up
hey i didn't insult your cookies no you
just threw them on the floor oh yeah
well my cookies are cool they're red
junior why are the cookies red because i
added a secret ingredient junior what's
in these cookies i'm not gonna tell you
i don't need to steal my recipe just
just try them junior i'm not gonna taste
any red cookies unless i know what's in
them look trust me they're really good
they're edible oh yeah they're edible
that's very reassuring let's
just junior what the hell is that it's
ketchup get ketchup junior why would you
put ketchup in the cookies because i
wanted to be red and have like pizzazz
why do they taste so much like egg and
why are they crunchy that might be the
egg shells what egg shells junior why
the hell junior how am i gonna sell
eggshell and ketchup cookies oh you can
just tell people that none of the
competition can catch up and the
competition is walking on eggshells
[Music]
okay that's actually pretty good i might
be able to work with that okay look i'll
try to sell these cookies you just make
some more but please junior just follow
the instructions no more ketchup cookies
okay no more ketchup cookies i'm gonna
go try to find some help okay
excuse me sir or madam i'm selling
cookies to help my two friends who were
horribly injured earlier today we need
to raise a total of 150 thousand dollars
and so far we haven't raised any yet so
if you could just please buy some
cookies that would be a very big help
thank you cody who you talking to i'm
talking to this nice gentleman in front
of me and i'm pretty sure he's gonna buy
that's a lamp cody
junior i can't do this i can't see you
can't cook and i don't know what we're
gonna do okay calm down i have eight
batches of chocolate chip cookies ready
to sell right now really eight batches
eight batches no ketchup no ketchup
they're perfectly fine well i gotta see
this here come on all right cody don't
worry all our problems are solved yeah
that'd be really good junior all right
look i went to the store and i bought
cookies already made so we don't have to
worry about making them you
bought cookies yeah and how much did the
cookies cost junior
maybe about 100 100
and where did you get the money junior i
bought it for my dad great great that's
just great so now we owe 150 and 100
look calm down cody all we have to do is
sell these cookies it's easy no junior
it's not easy nothing has been easy none
of this is easy i can't see you can't
cook now we owe even more money and who
knows how much money it's gonna cost to
replace my glasses junior we have more
debt as kids than the average adult cody
just calm down and eat some cookies
look i know somebody who'll buy all
these cookies junior who who would be so
stupid to pay that much money for
cookies they'd have to be a real
goofball well look i i know look just
follow me i know he's gonna buy him
uh junior who is this guy
he likes cookies um
excuse me sir we don't want to bother
you but we're selling cookies and we
want to know if you want to buy some
i like cookies what do you do well uh
we're selling cookies oh what flavor are
they they are chocolate chip all right
let's try one
oh michael well you don't no but um how
about you looking to get all these
cookies 150 000 150 000 that's exactly
what i got right here junior we need
that money oh we're going to get it uh
where'd you get all that money from oh
yeah my daddy's too fairy and the easter
bunny i got a pretty cool daddy that's
really awesome well uh we really need
all that money for these cookies um
actually i was thinking more along the
lines of ten thousand dollars we can't
sell them for ten thousand dollars but
no junior that's a great deal no i spent
a hundred dollars on this could get
myself right but that's 10 000. that's a
huge profit i can get more how about 30
000
um
no i can't do that how about 50 000 oh i
don't want 50. take the deal no no no
how about 70. um how about a hundred
thousand no not a hundred thousand how
about 130
no i can't do 130. how about 149
999.99 no 150 we're leaving that's only
one penny off i have a penny in my
pocket no no no we want 150 000 or no
deal
bye bye no no no no junior come back we
we can do the deal no no he'll be back
but no he won't do this don't forget
junior you idiot we were only one penny
away from not having any problem don't
worry cody he's gonna come crawling back
to buy our cookies no he's not because
he didn't even like the cookies
damn it junior you like cookie monster
in the house i don't think you're gonna
eat our cookies his name is cookie
monster junior of course he's gonna eat
the goddamn cookie cookie shoot shoot
get it
get out of here oh he ate all the
cookies i give up junior i don't know
what to do anymore
who's that i can't even imagine who
could that be
damn it junior you let him back in there
i hate that guy yeah me too
oh no oh no not again oh hey if it's a
cookie monster you hit him with that
i'll hit him all right junior you open
the door and i'll hit cookie monster
with this rolling pin all right take
this cookie monster congratulations
you just won 149 000 for your entry into
the world's most dangerous video contest
oh my god junior all the way problems
are solved no it's not we need a hundred
and fifty thousand we don't want it
uh yeah okay that money please all right
congratulations we definitely want all
of this it's good to have you back
joseph yeah dude it sucks breaking every
bone in my body but at least i'm back
right yeah it was really hard raising
all that money yeah don't even talk
about it so guys what do you want to do
now i don't know dude ooh i know you
want to go lay down on the interstate
and see if cars hit us dude
boss junior let's go
dude i can't believe junior broke every
bone in his body yeah let's go make some
cookies yeah i'll get a ketchup
[Music]
you