so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude how about we play Call
of Duty zombies oh I love Call of Duty
zombies we make it round 100 oh that be
SI oh Cody you have something you want
to do today I have an idea yeah what
well I have a cake and I have a hat and
that usually means something you want to
eat cake wearing a hat well yes I do but
there's a reason for that because you're
hungry no it's the day I came out as gay
oh it's his gay day oh happy gay day my
wiener loving friend yeah happy like
wiener day or sucking no it's not my gay
day it's the day I came out of my mom's
cooch I thought you were gay what no
it's my birthday oh why didn't you just
say that Cody well I thought maybe the
cake and the hat spoke for themselves
cakes and hats can't speak Cody they
don't have moue or vocal cords animate
objects dude yeah they're not alive Cody
stop talking like that Junior I swear to
God okay don't swear to God he already
doesn't like you for being gay oh my God
Junior you're pissing me off so much are
you mad because your candles are
different sizes the one's bigger than
the seven I am a little bit mad about
that yeah I'm I'm pretty peeved the the
store didn't have candles that were the
same size and this goddamn hat won't
stay out of my eyes fing [ __ ] wait
dude isn't your birthday February 29th
yeah today's March 1st today's not your
birthday God damn it guys we have been
through this so many times I was born on
a leap year okay so my birthday is
February 29th but that only happens
every 4 years so because February is so
short my birthday's on March 1st okay so
today's not your birthday we can throw
the cake away no it is my birthday God
damn it okay listen why does February
have to be so short like why can't it be
like 31 days like everyone else exactly
that's black history month and we need
to switch the month it's too damn short
yeah why is Black History Month the
shortest month that's not that's racist
right exactly yeah wait wait isn't gay
History Month in June it's gay pride
month and yes it is wait and June has 31
days so why do gay people get a longer
month than black people I've been saying
that for the longest yeah they they need
to change that o Donald Trump we could
write a letter to Donald Trump and tell
him to make Black History Month in June
so that black people have a longer month
and then we can make gay History Month
in February wait why can't we just get a
month with 31 days why does it still
have to be the shortest month okay what
month with you like Cody I don't know
like may may rides with gay okay gay
pride month could be in May it could
work but uh I think the Mexicans got may
you know CCO de Mayo a the Mexicans
already got may all right Cody it looks
like you're going to get February the
shortest month why can't we just get a
different month with 31 days no February
is perfect cuz as Marty Gro and that's
that's dancing and parades it's not a
gay holiday you love bees though [ __ ]
yeah bees bees I do really like yeah so
like like you you have your gay parades
on Marty Gro like share it with them and
oh the Super Bowls in February so you
can watch a bunch of men grab each other
and tackle each other I do like that too
oh Valentine's Day is in February you
don't lose in this month yeah
Valentine's Day is pretty gay I mean we
straight people do it too but like yeah
February is perfect for gay people so
I'm going to write a letter to Donald
Trump making June the New Black History
Month because juneth is in June right
right right yeah so black people get
June gay people get February and
Mexicans get may all right I'm writing
the letter all right guys I just wrote
the letter and sent it off to Donald
Trump you didn't want to show us it well
no I wrote the whole thing put it an
envelope licked it put it in the mailbox
and I just didn't think that was worth
showing I believe you bro yeah thanks so
what do you want for your birthday the
news breaking news M K president Donald
Trump is live now signing an executive
order that moves Black History Month to
June and no longer recognizes gay rights
let's go to that live footage now hello
my fellow Americans it is I Donald J
Trump and today I'll be signing an
executive order that's going to be so
important for our country it's going to
be so huge and so bigly and so massive
unlike any other bigly huge things that
I've ever done and it's going to be more
important for our country than when we
rename the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of
America there you go Mr President here's
the executive order getting rid of gay
pride month and changing black history
month of June all right I just signed
the executive order that's going to
remove gay pride month change June to
Black History Month and also make
February white president's month is
going to be the most bigest Mass change
and I don't understand why the gay
people need an entire month put them
back in the closet they don't need it
the black people have gone through more
than the gay people so they deserve it
and as for white president's month I
mean it only really excludes one other
President Obama but he got June so it's
okay so we're good now America will be
great again wa yeah black history mon
this June yeah we back baby we deserve
it uh sorry Cody that you lost your
month that's fine at least y'all got
Bruce Jenner though yeah greatest
birthday ever okay at least you're
generous Ellen degenerous is gay can we
just please light my Candles now um the
lighter is over here um I'll hand it to
you oh thank you that's so J that's
great oh you can't see um no I can't um
uh up oh no no down down down down down
down no don't touch your cake up up up
up up up down
down right right right there okay uh
right my right my right where the [ __ ]
are you going oh that is my right what
stupid [ __ ] hat like my own goddamn
candles my own birthday my own friends
and you remember it's my goddamn
birthday cuz they're stupid [ __ ] leap
here why be B on a goddamn leap here
anyway [ __ ] least you got a cake
[ __ ] candles won't light a cheap ass
[ __ ] candles at Walmart [ __ ]
aren't you guys going to sing oh we just
didn't know what to say yeah you were
scaring us waiting on you yeah you
blowing up mad mhm then sing oh okay
happy Birthday to you happy Birthday
to happy
birthday happy
birthday Cody birthday happy gay day
happy like it day yeah happy [ __ ]
birthday to me oh sorry Cody sorry we're
not an Acappella group we're not pening
tonics pen okay you know what I wish all
you guys were gay oh my God oh my God
it's Cody's cake day and he has all that
icing on his cake oh you icing [ __ ] you
oh he has a sprinkle for every time he's
been pegged not oh my God Cody I love
the colors on your head oh and all that
cake oh can I touch your cak oh yeah I
want some of his C guys you don't have
to make fun of me just cuz I wish you'd
be gay what's he talking about right you
silly Billy what's wrong you silly goose
you quack quack Goose a let me ruffle
your feathers you silly goose guys just
stop it I think he needs some birthday
spankings birth sping oh my God let me
get the paddle oh he's so naughty break
that ass over here you guys are serious
about birthday spanking yeah get over
here serious I'm not going to say no
Tien That Ass Up happy birthday you
silly dirty SL you I'll do it my hand
it's so FM wait wait how old are you I'm
17 I mean I'm a thousand years old oh my
God Old
King
yesing that ass
Dam okay I know you guys are just
screwing around but you guys are doing a
really good job screwing around I'd like
to screw him around oh yeah let me be
the Phillips head oh my god let's take
him to the bathroom and give him a
plumpkin oh let me get a Twist oh we
could Eiffel Tower his ass too oh my God
the birthday boy let's get him in his
birthday suit yeah get naked right now
guys you don't have to do this just cuz
it's my birth let's go to the bathroom
and birthday suit time dirty dirty
boy what is that where's that
going oh damn oh yeah
yeah I didn't know you guys were into
this holy
[ __ ] boy guys guys I just want you guys
to know this has been the best birthday
of my life thank you so much but you
guys might want to shower wow I can't
believe Junior and Joseph actually did
that to me just to cheer me up on my
birthday they are true friends I mean
junior did kind of owe me for getting
rid of gay pride month but still I don't
see why Joseph did it unless maybe my
wish for everyone to be gay actually
came true maybe everyone in the whole
world is gay I'm going to go check Chef
[Music]
Pee hey Chef Pee oh my God is that my
favorite foure King oh you look so scrum
I'm just today oh my God you're such a
bottom the things I would do to you i''d
be a bottom for you Chef P PE but I'm
kind of like a two-headed dragon that
also has two penises he's so nasty Jesus
oh we're in the kitchen stop it look I'm
making you a super gay salad don't you
want it don't you like it it look so
scrumped ous it does look really gay mhm
oh have anybody given you your damn
spankies today I'll need to give you
your birthday spacing they have not
here's the battle let me be the first to
give it to you oh you nasty naughty
boy oh I love this hey Chef peipi do you
want to accompany me to the bathroom I
have to [ __ ] oh yes sir oh let's go it's
blocking time who
whoa oh where's that going
Who who how you doing that how you doing
that God damn what
w damn
oh Chef peee I see why that's your name
oh [ __ ] so my wish did come true
everybody in the world is gay Junior's
dead oh my God I can't wait to watch
Charlie FR this is my favorite show
ever F sash oh hi guys I'm
Charlie here you guys today I'm going to
be painting my nails oh it's going to be
so pretty which color should I paint my
nail first hm blue light blue yellow no
let's go with pink oh my God it's going
to be beautiful let's get the first
nail my God Charlie Oh I thought you
were going to piain your actual
fingernails not Nails Nails you sexy
little [ __ ] you Junior's dad oh hey
you sexy twink what are you doing in my
room you trying to watch Charlie and
friend naked well actually it's my
birthday so you know what that means oh
you looking for some spankers huh damn
right oh I'm the guy for it happy
birthday you little bastard so uh I
don't know if you want to come to the
bathroom with me let's go right now who
whoa who who hey
there how you doing that how you doing
that how are you doing that stop it
never mind keep going whoa God
Dam I will be calling you Junior's Daddy
from now on
okay Cody I think you've had enough for
your birthday hey there I got a noise
complaint apparently somebody's been
making a lot of ruckus in
here whoa whoa whoa whoa wait wait wait
what is that no actually what is that
whoa oh damn oh oh [ __ ] okay I don't
know what it is but I like it
godamn that that is that is police
brutality I should probably get that out
of there well looks like it's midnight
my birthday's officially over but it was
a good one hey Cody what's up dude oh
hey guys how are you uh feeling I'm
pretty straight but are you dude what
happened to your birthday what like I
don't really remember anything yeah you
wish foreverone to be gay and then I
just remember blocking out like did we
fall asleep like yeah yeah that's what
happened I've done terrible things
[Music]