so guys what do you want to do today
dude let's go to the store and get some
more toys these are boring yeah all
these toys are boring oh come on guys
you don't want to play Spider-Man versus
captain fatbelly and his scoop Sky
potatoes no cuz captain fatbelly always
wins dude you know Captain fatbelly is
way better than Spider-Man I know that's
why I have to go buy someone new to
fight Captain fat
B oh yeah yeah well guys I don't want to
go to another store what you went to a
store today yeah I already went to
Walmart with my mom and it was so
crowded there were just people all over
the place you couldn't go anywhere
without bumping into someone yeah stores
really crowded and it's all self
checkout now so people just stand there
in those long ass lines and you know
whenever the light goes on and tell them
what line to go in they're just stupid
they just stand there yeah well there
are like 8 billion people in the world
yeah that's a lot that's a lot of people
right so where does all the poop go what
if there's 8 billion people in the world
where does all the poop go well the
sewer I guess there's no way the sewer
is big enough to hold 8 billion poops a
day well it probably all goes out to the
ocean we poop in the ocean well yeah
what about the fish well the ocean's
already full of fish poop anyway so it
doesn't really matter eight billion
poops a day are dumped in the ocean that
the whole ocean would be Brown by now
well it doesn't just stay there it like
dissolves well that's disgusting and
what about in big cities like how are
there enough pipes to transport the poop
around the city well I'm sure it took a
while that's a lot of pipes imagine
being a plumber in New York City like
hey my toilet's clogged I wouldn't even
know where it began like your poop's
down there somewhere yeah that's like a
maze of poop what do you think the
fastest poop in the world was oh I don't
know pretty fast like if you poop on the
Empire State Building and it falls down
would that be the fastest poop ever well
probably not I bet somebody has to have
[ __ ] their pants in a fighter jet that
would be the fastest poop or what if
what if a cheetah poop while running
well I mean I don't think that would be
faster than a fighter jet I don't know
well I do know it would not be faster
than a fighter jet what if a cheetah was
driving a fighter jet and he pooped it
wouldn't matter cuz he could only go as
fast as the fighter jet but cheetah are
fast well it doesn't matter cuz fighter
jets go the speed of fighter jets okay
Joseph what's faster a cheetah poop or a
fighter jet poop what the hell are y'all
talking about I don't know the news
hello my fellow Americans and everyone
around the world it is I president
Donald Trump and I'm here to tell you
that there's over 8 billion people in
the world and eventually we will run out
of food we'll run out of cars and we'll
run out of oxygen so what I'm willing to
offer is $1
trillion to any company in the world
that can solve the overpopulation
problem on the planet whoa guys you get
a trillion dollars if you find a way to
stop the world from populating okay how
would we do that how do people populate
by humping mhm
okay so how do we make it where if you
hump you don't have a baby well if
everybody was gay there'd be less
babies I'm not going to they can keep
populating hey Ronald you called the
meeting I did Steve did you see the news
where Donald Trump said he would give a
company a trillion dollars if they could
solve the mass overpopulation crisis in
the world I did see that I don't know
why people don't just wear condoms no no
well I have an idea you seen the show
squid games right I'm familiar yes
number one show on Netflix Stephen me
number one burger place in the world so
what we're going to do we make a squid
games meal and in that meal we put a
little cookie with a shape on it and if
the person that buys the meal cuts out
the shape wrong or breaks it or some
[ __ ] boom dead Bullet to the Head Steve
who Ronald we can't just go around
killing people we already do Steve
obesity is one hell of a [ __ ] Steve
heart disease is the number one killer
in America we sell a Triple Quarter
Pounder Steve we have a double Big Mac
on the menu for God's sake you think
that people that buy the double Big Mac
want to live you think they want de feat
Steve no they love diabetes Steve they
want to die you ever had a double Big
Mac Steve no obviously not you still got
your feet dumb ass well even if we did
this Ronald it might make us look bad
Steve I intentionally poured hot coffee
on an old lady's coach they love me I'm
a America sweetheart I can get away with
anything Steve I can make a commercial
right now and I can pull my dick out
Steve and instead of getting manad
everyone ask me for ketchup on the side
Steve okay but Ronald if we did this we
would have to hire someone to shoot
people every time we sold a meal we'd
end up losing money Steve I don't think
you heard me when I said a trillion
dollars I didn't say it with a be come
closer a trillion St yes a trillion St
yeah I heard you Ronald uhhuh what is
that you know how many I could get with
a trillion dollars how many I don't know
why are you ask me a lot okay you want
one no come on Steve I could call up my
lady right now she's nasty no no I'm
okay Ronald she'll do it from the back
she'll give you an Indian rug burn on it
wrap it up like a gift put a bow in it
and ship it to you in 3 to 5 days she's
nasty no Ronald I'm good fine go make me
the Squiddy meal then and bring me my
trillion check from Daddy Trump okay
Ronald thank you all I'm saying dude is
Thanos had the right idea with the snap
of a finger half of the population is
gone I know that would actually help a
lot of things because how hungry you
Cody did you say something h no I didn't
say anything I thought you said you were
hungry no no I'm not hungry okay but
yeah know people say that hungry yeah
Cody did you say something no no I
didn't say anything I think Mr Sharky
said something though Thanos isn't a bad
guy the [ __ ] Cody are you controlling
the shark
uh huh no no that's Mr Sharky what did
you say Mr Sharky I'm hungry yeah do you
want food Happy Meal yeah he wants a
Happy Meal um Joseph you want a Happy
Meal sure dud Dad Dad Happy Meal what
the hell B doing raising your voice like
that in my own damn house P ass voice
you a grown ass man I'mma show you a
grown ass man I'm going whop you like a
grown ass man too what H did you want I
I was wondering if you could get me and
my friends happy me bills you think your
daddy made a damn money I'm not made a
dollar bill and even if I would I would
have spend it on your stupid friends
they got they all DN parents they can
buy their own meal [ __ ] I have
$20 oh $20 yeah oh you know I I actually
go [ __ ] it you're dead so nice I know
all right Junior here's your Happy Meals
wa guys are these squid game Happy Meals
dude it looks like it pretty [ __ ]
tight Junior yeah these are pretty cool
what do you think the toy is on the
inside o I don't know maybe it's a gun
or maybe it's AIG bus car from squid
game so we can join the games guys
there's no food in here there's no food
dude I'm starving no there's just like
this metal can well maybe the
cheeseburgers in that metal can pretty
flat cheeseburger oh guys no look it's
just the cookie from the show it's a
cookie I want a cookie oh Jo open yours
open yours Cody look I got a triangle
too oh cool oh dude I got a star that's
cuz I am a star that's awesome all right
guys let's try to trace out our shapes
without breaking them uh dude who's this
guy with a mask they got a guard from
the show to actually watch us car about
our cookies wait he came with the Happy
Meal oh that's so cool I mean he does
have a gun but I'm sure that's just a PR
gun that's what Alec Baldwin thought so
let's try to trace out our triangles uh
I got a star dude God he loves to hear
himself [ __ ] talk uh what' you say
bro I just said carve out your star okay
that's what I thought
yeah this is so hard this is PR this is
I don't want to break it really hard
dang it dude I just broke mine Yeah I
broke mine too this game is really hard
yeah I really messed this up the
toothpick wasn't working so I tried
teabagging it and well my balls are too
heavy that's all I'll say Well Mr guard
guy you can tell McDonald's is a really
cool idea but they should really put
food in the Box not just the cookie yeah
dude whoa Cody they even pretend shoot
you when you lose he really [ __ ] shot
him Junior oh come on Junior run run
Cody run now hold on Junior we're going
downstairs let's be careful okay one
foot out time so we don't
trip CH me why are y'all screaming in my
damn kitchen I can't even have 5 minutes
a piece there's a guy with a gun chasing
us a guy with a gun don't bring him in
my damn kitchen wait why is he chasing
you because we broke a cookie wait is he
the cookie moner some [ __ ] right there
behind you oh this the dud for squid
games oh that's hard can I get a picture
real quick of selfie oh I got to have
this oh this going on the ground so
cheese I can't really tell with the mask
on but you know I hope it's good while
they're taking selfies we should run oh
let's go hey put the guns to my head oh
yeah that's hard now shoot me shoot
shoot
me oh
okay Cody I cut out these pictures of us
so when he comes over he'll shoot the
cutouts and then we get to live I don't
think he's going to fall for that Junior
he's going to fall for it he's wearing a
mask he can barely see and look how 18d
these cutouts are they do look pretty
good he's coming where' you go there you
are time to die yeah you're
turn job's done you C what the [ __ ] are
you doing it's not me it's Mr Sharky
what you say yeah Cody please stop
please don't do this Mr Sharky I'm
hungry yeah what do you mean he's hungry
he didn't get to eat Junior God damn it
I can't believe you fell for that
they're right to the couch yeah oh Mr
Sharky how could you it was you Cody
stop stupid dumb toy listen before you
shoot us please just answer one question
what what is the fastest poop what the
fastest poop yeah like is like a cheetah
or a guy in a fighter jet taking a crap
I don't know probably a cheetah no no no
there are things faster than a cheetah I
just thought about a guy on a space
shuttle like like if a guy crapped his
pants while the space Shad was taken off
that's the fastest poop that's a really
fast poop that's a fast
poop hello Mr Ronald
McDonald I would like to present to you
a check for1 trillion for solving the
world's overpopulation problem a
trillion dollars for me yep a trillion
a I'm going to get so many BJs I'm going
to get so many
uh excuse me Mr Ronald McDonald I'm I'm
going to have to arrest you for killing
more people than Hitler can I cash my
chick first and get a BJ okay you get
one yes come on I know what I did was
wrong by the way I'm very aware I've
been a bad boy
[Music]