so guys what do you want to do today i
don't know i'm bored dude yeah i think i
get a bit of a sweet tooth today you
guys want to get some sweets let's get
some sweets you're so gay cody hey you
can't say that why your month is over
with we're into july you can't get two
months yeah now you're being greedy dude
wait a minute why is black history month
the shortest month i don't know haven't
we been through enough huh yeah you only
get 28 days and sometimes you get 29
days and the super bowl's in february so
half the month people are thinking about
football yeah nobody's thinking about us
during that month wait wait a minute
does it doesn't june have juneteenth the
day slavery ended so black history month
should be in june and gay pride month
should be in february
i agree okay i don't know where you're
yelling at me i didn't pick the month so
it's settled then black history month is
now in june and gay pride month is in
february yup sounds fair to me so you
guys want to get some sweets or not oh
yeah let's get some ice cream on me whoa
dude that's a lot of dough yeah junior
that's a lot of quiche you're paid paid
freaking junior bezos over here nah
junior musk yeah you're the king of
pedopolis i get it guys i have a lot of
cash where'd you get all this money from
yeah you know your dad doesn't give you
this type of allowance well i've been
having like a side hustle where i sell
something so what i can't tell you well
you better tell me what you're selling
because if you're selling on my turf you
better break me off or i'ma bust a cap
of your ass no no joseph it's nothing
that you're selling it's something else
okay yeah i'm selling something that it
kind of involves cody but me what does
it have to do with me well i don't want
to tell you i don't want to steal my
idea well but if it's about me i should
know i don't want to tell you what you
have to tell me wait are you selling my
nudes no what you better tell me what it
is i'm not gonna tell you god damn it
tell me okay look i'd rather show you
let me go grab it grab it all right cody
promise me you won't get mad well that
depends on what it is oh you're gonna
love it trust me introducing
the cody dork plush what the hell is
that no don't get upset let me explain
you know how me and joseph bully you
every day yeah and you get upset yeah
and it hurts your feelings yeah and you
cry yes but it makes us feel better
about ourselves okay listen millions of
kids around the world get bullied every
day and they get upset and the bully
gets in trouble and it causes a whole
bunch of problems right so instead of
bullies bullying little kids that are
innocent bullies can just buy the cody
dirk flush and they can bully it and
take their anger out on it and no one's
feelings will get hurt dude that's a
genius idea how did you come up with
this i don't know just laying down
thinking about it i was like this is a
genius idea oh dude i gotta try this out
yeah try it out i'll call them names and
hit them okay stupid nerd why do you
wear glasses loser huh is it because you
don't have any frizz
dork no i see i love it see now cody see
see how your feelings didn't get hurt
and joseph feels better about himself a
lot better dude junior i'm not okay with
any of this why aren't you okay with it
you're not okay with stopping bullying
what no i don't like that it looks like
me it looks nothing like you cody what
are you talking about he's even wearing
the same clothes as me no his shorts are
darker well his name is literally the
cody dork plush it's cody with a k i
don't care junior that's clearly based
on me no you don't have the island boys
haircut okay you know what junior i
could sue you for using my image without
my permission would sue me
no i just i just made 5 000 of them you
can't sue me right now 5 000 how are you
making 5 000 of these i got a friend in
china with a factory who do you know
that lives in china hey junior your
order for five thousand cody dope pluses
just [ __ ] thank you sensei
junior who is buying all of these i have
a lot of people i'm making a lot of
money from this cody what junior you
didn't even offer to give me any of the
money you never asked for any of it can
i have some of the money no okay then
i'm suing you i was gonna buy you ice
cream i thought that was gonna be enough
ice cream is not gonna make up for this
oh and now i'm not gonna buy you ice
cream because you're threatening to sue
me i am going to sue you because you're
using this and you're making money
without my permission listen i came up
with this all on my own i didn't steal
your image i i thought of it all by
myself you never would have thought of
this if you hadn't met me first okay wow
you're going to take all the credit for
something i work so hard for and made
it's literally my face no it's joseph
who does that look like i don't know
dude say look he doesn't even know what
are you guys talking about that's
obviously based on me look then why
don't you think of it yourself then how
what if you could think of the cody dork
plush yourself why didn't you make one
why would i want to make a doll of me
that people bully see that scene you
didn't even think of it you're asking
why when i did it and it's making money
and now you're jelly well junior i'm
just mad that it's based on me and you
didn't even offer to pay me listen i'm
not paying you because you didn't think
of it maybe think of your own ideas well
look
watch the commercial i made and maybe
i'll change your mind what a commercial
i'm such a happy door hey nerd give me
your lunch money
okay fine but i have to go home and grab
it first hurry up and get it before i
beat you up okay gosh i hate being
bullied hey you who me yeah do you hate
being bullied well yeah i just said that
plus he broke my glasses we'll try out
the new cody dork plush what's this it's
a plush that he can bully instead of you
what really try it out hey bully come
here hey nerd you have my lunch money
yet i have something better instead of
bullying me why don't you try beating
this up huh let me try it
hey that felt just as good i don't have
to beat you up anymore i'll just beat up
this doll and my feelings are hurt yay
i would recommend this product
introducing the cody dork plush only
19.99 listen to these reviews from our
happy customers hi there my name's judy
is that my mom
my little cody's not always home so when
he's not i can just yell at this instead
why didn't you clean your room you
little dork so if you want your very own
cody dork plush and you don't want to be
bullied anymore order now so cody what
do you think i think i'm suing you
that's better than last time see before
he was gonna sue me now he's just
thinking about it no i am definitely
suing you you just thought you were
thinking about it come on dude make up
your mind are you on the fish or not i
am 100 suing you for what junior you
stole my lightning i didn't steal
anything i thought of this with my own
imagination cody your mind can't fathom
the things i create in my head junior we
both know that's [ __ ] i didn't steal
anything cody i already mass produced it
i've already been selling them stop
trying to take this from me i don't care
junior i'll see you in court well well
i'll see you in court okay fine i
thought you were gonna be like no please
don't why would i say that like you know
when looney tunes they say the other
thing and you say you're not gonna bugs
bunny me out of suing you i'll see you
in court
darn it i guess i have to get a lawyer
with my forty dollars
order order order order
today we will be hearing the gaze of
goldie nut kiss
versus junior
cody is suing junior for stealing his
likeness and profiting off of it
mr natkis
proceed with your accusation well your
honor my play is clearly being taken
advantage of everything about the cody
dork doll has been stolen from my
client's likeness it has the big goofy
glasses just like my client it has
pimples all over its disgusting face
just like my client it even has big
yellow teeth just like my client okay i
think they get it okay and what we're
doing is we're suing for all the profits
made off the cody dork doll and we want
the production to be ceased immediately
ah yes i do see some similarities
between the cody dork doll and your
client
junior
how do you defend against these
accusations your honor this whole trial
is just silly and a waste of taxpayer
money the cody dork doll looks nothing
like his client so what if it has
glasses my grandma has glasses so what
if it has pimples all over its face my
grandma has pimples all over her ass and
so what if he has yellow teeth my
grandma has yellow teeth for all i know
this could be my grandma frankly irana i
think his clyde is just full of himself
because he thinks this doll is him i
mean who hasn't heard a song on the
radio and thought this song is about me
it describes what i'm going through
perfectly but i can't sue the artist
just because they wrote a song that
describes my life yeah you can't sue
somebody just for coming up with an idea
before you did he didn't come up with
the idea before me he just stole what i
looked like and turn it into a doll it's
name is the cody dork doll for god's
sake cody with a k ah yes your honor let
the record show that's a cody with a k
not a c goody we think a not a c got it
junior
if as you claim this doll was not based
on your friend cody
how did you come up with the idea uh
um go ahead tell them tell them how you
came up with the idea uh can i talk to
you for a second oh okay one second your
honor what's up um so like i only
thought of it because of cody what are
you serious if you told me that i
wouldn't have taken this case no no no i
just made it so i could bully cody more
i didn't think you would get this bad
and sue me oh my god we're gonna lose
this case no no no no let's just lie i
can't lie well why not because every
time i lie i yell the word cheese what
it's just like a nervous tic i have but
only in the courtroom which don't lie
okay i'll try to say it in a way where i
don't lie
your honor uh my client uh he he uh he
came up with the idea uh yeah
in a dream he had cheese like a dream
about cheese cheese
cheesecake can you believe that
miss duncan
if you yell the name of another dairy
product in my court i will hold you in
contempt do you understand me yes judge
i understand okay kid you're gonna have
to talk from now on i can't lie anymore
well i'll just lie no that's not gonna
work because if i know somebody else is
lying i still yell cheese wait what i'm
sorry i don't know what's wrong with me
oh okay uh
so your honor uh the way i came up with
the cody dork plush is uh
i had a friend
named cody
but it's not that cody
mr guy i'm sorry your honor but he's
lying he told me he came up with that
doll from his friend cody over there i
didn't know when he hired me i promise
please don't yell at me well then that
was pretty damning evidence i have no
choice but to rule in favor of cody not
kiss
junior you must cease all production of
the cody dork doll
and give over all profits you have made
to cody
and that is an order yes yes yes yes
damn i'm good i haven't lost the case
yet yeah i'll just be taking this and
destroying it
oh and i guess this 40 is mine too wait
dude what is he doing with ice cream
money he won the lawsuit what's wrong
junior i'm open cause i got the best of
you look you got your dumb money now
leave me alone what are you talking
about look i was just a little boy with
a dream i had a bright imagination i had
a dream of making my own little cody
dork plush and you just took and
destroyed it junior you were literally
trying to profit off of my likeness
without my permission i'm not going to
feel sorry for you i was just trying to
have fun i was trying to be creative and
make a little bit of spare change
instead you just crushed my dreams
because you're greedy and you just think
about money junior i get that you're
trying to make me feel bad but i do not
feel bad for you what's his problem dude
he's mad that you took his month wow
what what did you really think this was
about the month all along yeah you want
june and you don't want february i don't
care about the month it doesn't feel
right huh only 28 days huh no it was it
was the doll not not the month i don't
care about the money they give up the
month i don't i'm not in charge of that
i can't do that okay it's february just
say it's february it's february fine
okay see
what do i do now joseph cody has all
this stupid money and he ruins my fun so
i can't make another cody dork plush why
don't you just make something new oh i
got an idea i can make this
introducing
the joseph plush i told you this is my
turf get off my toe you'll break me some
bread loser
[Music]
you