happy birthday to Junior happy birthday
to you blow your candles Junior
okay yay dude open my present first it's
hard to find man is that it yeah right
here okay is that a half eaten
Chick-fil-A sandwich with cheese dude
you're welcome thanks Joseph hey hey hey
are you going to finish it bro nah you
can have it yes oh I'm eating good
tonight uh junior I did order you a
present but it hasn't been delivered yet
Cody if you didn't get me anything just
say so no I did get you something but
it's still out for delivery you ain't
got to lie dude if you didn't get a gift
just say that even I got him a gift
you're eating his gift shut up dude no
Junior I really did get you something
and it's the coolest thing anybody could
ever get you you got me a space shuttle
no Junior how the [ __ ] am I going to
afford a space shuttle you just said you
got me the coolest thing anyone could
ever get me and a space Shadow is the
coolest thing okay well it's the second
coolest then an Apache helicopter no how
would I get that Cody everyone knows the
top 10 coolest things you can get
someone or military vehicles or a space
shuttle okay well it's none of those
things but it's still really really
really cool did you get me the inside of
a refrigerator what cuz the inside of
refrigerators are really really really
cool no it's not the inside of a
refrigerator but it's cool look it's
just been delivered it's outside right
now it just got delivered outside yeah
if it had to get delivered outside that
means it's a patchy helicopter but no it
was delivered outside cuz it's a package
and that's where package is going no
it's an Apache helicopter cuz why didn't
you bring it inside because it's too big
cuz an Apache helicopter won't fit
inside the house yeah it's an Apache bro
you got me an Apache it's not an Apache
house good Joseph let's go see the
Apache dude let's go fly not an Apache
Apache time w Wait Cody where's the
Apache helicopter there is no Apache
helicopter dude you said you got him an
Apache for his birthday you pranked me
on my birthday I didn't prank you and I
never said that you said that you said
you got me the second coolest thing ever
which is an Apache helicopter and then I
said it wasn't that I thought I guessed
it right so you stalled and said you got
me a refrigerator yeah your face was
full of joy dude I never said I got you
a refrigerator you also said that so you
didn't get me anything for my birthday I
did get you something and your package
is right there I don't want the
refrigerator Cody it's not a refri just
get your goddamn
package worst birthday ever Junior you
haven't even seen your present yet it's
cool I don't want a box of ice Cody it's
not a pun Junior you open it okay fine I
will wait a minute that's fine what is
this you got me a dictionary I didn't
get you a dictionary dude if you get him
a book at least get him Harry Potter
yeah something cool this is not what I
ordered I think I got the wrong package
Cody I don't want a dictionary I don't
want to read words who reads words right
what no this isn't right this is not
what I ordered Joseph find the word bad
friend in there okay I got you bro
that's two words I can't believe you got
me a dictionary over an Apache
helicopter well I didn't get you an
Apache helicopter or a dictionary wait
wait look the address is wrong and it
says to Timmy hucker Doo I think we got
the wrong package wait so you think my
package is at the at the neighbor's
house yeah probably Timmy's flying
you're Apache dude you you gave my
Apache helicopter to Timmy I didn't get
you an Apache helicopter but he probably
has your present yeah okay so let's go
outside and do you think Timmy's going
to be opening his door as we open our
door I bet he is let's go do you see a
helicopter at their door no Junior but
there's a package over there is that my
gift yeah all right let's go get
it a package I hope it's for
me oh no Cody Timmy grabbed the package
go tell them it was for me okay hey
Timmy what was at the front door it's a
box and I think it's for me it is it's a
gift from your mother and I it's a
dictionary so you can have a
sophisticated
vocabulary wow thank you Father I love
it so much I think I might just open it
later now Timmy go ahead and open your
gifts here I'll get this one for you cuz
I'm closer oh wow another Bible yeah but
this Bible's different because it has
Leviticus 18:22 on every goddamn page
and you're going to read it mister oh
wow well I do love the rainbow plates
and napkins honey I told you to only get
straight colors I did the best I could
they were left over from his sister's
birthday party oh well all right Timmy
open up that box so we can sing you
happy birthday around your vegetable
bladder but you already told me what's
inside off in the goddamn box yes mother
now calm down honey did you already have
your Prozac and your glass of wand not
yet well maybe you should get on that
wao it's some kind of light sword it
kind of looks like the one that mother
has in her nightstand except this one is
way smaller and less stinky shut up
Timmy honey I thought you said you got
him a dictionary I did there must have
been a mixup at the Amazon Prime store
yay tamy pack that [ __ ] up we're going
to Return to Sender a but I'm having so
much fun honey let it keep it it's its
birthday all right you can play with it
for 5 minutes and I'm shutting this [ __ ]
down oh my God best birthday ever who's
at the
door hello oh my God Cody you made it to
my birthday party wait today's your
birthday I sent you the invite on
grinder didn't you get it oh I haven't
been on in a while you know it's
actually Junior's birthday too we share
the same birthday oh my God Flay yeah
listen hey I think maybe we got our
packages mixed up cuz I have this
dictionary here and I think it's for you
oh wow well thank you for bringing it oh
well did you get a package too uh yeah
but but but that one was also mine are
you sure cuz I got Junior Darth Maul's
lightsaber from Star Wars Episode 1 uh I
I've never seen Star Wars because my
parents don't let me watch movies oh so
you definitely wouldn't want that so can
we just switch packages oh well well my
uh my package had a Bible in it wait
really are you sure are you sure it
wasn't a lightsaber mm-m no oh well okay
well here's your package then Timmy oh
you can just throw that in the trash oh
well never mind then Happy Birthday
Timmy thank you did he have my package
no Timmy says he doesn't have it we saw
him open the door and take a box inside
yeah he said that one's his too oh well
can you at least tell me what you got me
okay it was Darth Maul's original
lightsaber from Star Wars Episode 1
that's really cool I know right what the
hell it looked kind of like that what he
stole my lightsaber Timmy give that back
uhoh what oh that's it I'm going to
knock on the door and get that back oh
hell no
what are you doing at my door this time
of night knocking oh sorry sir but your
son took my package my son did not
tickle your package no he didn't we
raised a straight boy he reads Leviticus
18:22 oh no that's not what I meant I
meant my package was delivered here and
your son took it now young man we do not
raise thieves in this household no we
sure do not that would be a hucker don't
well your son did a hucker don't mama
your voice young man what are you
talking about you're yelling in my my
ear lower the
volume your son took my package another
out bust like that and I'll call the
police yeah I got them on speed doal
it's three numbers you want to talk back
again tough guy huh huh feeling froggy
you want to LEAP no sir I just want my
package now young man it is my son's
birthday any disagreements you have can
be settled in court that's extreme all
right so act like a caboose and get the
[ __ ] out of here find a be bumble tree
adios amigos get the [ __ ] out I'm okay
what happened Cody Junior you're not
getting your lightsaber back at least
not tonight why there is something very
[ __ ] up with those people talk about a
shitty birthday dude well why don't we
just go to my house and you go call
Timmy and you threaten to call the cops
if he doesn't give it back oh yeah
that'll scare him yeah let's do
that ow Timmy get out of my room oh my
God Susie shut up I'm practicing my
sword skills get out of my room or I'll
tell mom you look at people on the
internet I hate you
we hey you at my trophies you fruity
little [ __ ] no father I I just hit the
lamp rumpus time is over give me the
poll yes
sir all right now go to your room and
read your new Bible yes sir all right
Cody call Timmy and get my lightsaber
back oh I am it's on speaker hello Timmy
hey Cody give us that lightsaber I don't
have it yes you do we saw you playing
with it in the window no that was an
umbrella it wasn't a goddamn umbrella
Timmy that was Darth Maul's lightsaber
give it back Timmy oh happy birthday
Junior thanks Timmy if you don't give us
that lightsaber back we're going to call
the police you can't call the police
because it was delivered to my door but
it was addressed to Junior my name is
Junior what what yeah Cody my name is
Hank Timothy huero Jr are you serious oh
yeah well it said from Cody no it said
from daddy oh yeah I forgot I did do
that that was little joke from me it had
a little winky face next to it too right
oh yeah yeah that's not going to hold up
in court look Timmy just give us the
goddamn lightsaber back no way why don't
you come and make me bad boy meet me in
the closet in 2 minutes yes sir Junior
I'm going to get that lightsaber
back wooo damn slurps
Ville did you get the lightsaber back
lightsaber what lightsaber oh oh yeah no
I forgot oh well I mean I mean I did go
to his house and we did go in the closet
and we had a very rough conversation but
no I did not get the lightsaber what you
supposed to get the lightsaber Cody I'm
sorry Junior you're just going to have
to wait until his parents are not being
weird no I'm getting that lightsaber
tonight how I have to find a way to get
inside the house did they lock the front
door yeah all the windows locked I I
think so well actually no one window was
open remember oh my God one window is
open wait do you still have that potato
gun well no [ __ ] Junior of course I've
got a potato gun is the pope Catholic
well can I borrow it yeah I don't know
why you'd want to shoot potatoes but hey
it's your birthday Junior why do you
need my potato gun because Cody I put
this string around the potato I'm going
to shoot the potato into su's room and
I'm going to zip line from my house to
their house I'm going go into Timmy's
room grab my lightsaber zipline back and
he won't even know it's gone dude that's
sick that's stupid Junior you're not
James Bond or Tom Cruz or Batman or
Johnny English Cody I have to do this
because you put the wrong address so
help me aim this I got you bro okay if
you die I'm not coming to your funeral
okay that's just mean yeah you're not a
real friend bro yeah Cody help us aim
you're you have glasses you can see
better than us all right Cody does it
look led up I I don't know sure yeah all
right guys
fire I saw Mr Rochester look out through
the window what was
that H must be nothing I'm going to go
downstairs and see if dinner's ready
Bullseye I can't believe that worked all
right guys I'm going to zip onto the
other house wish me luck all right
[Music]
bro I made it I made it into the room
now where's my lightsaber mom is dinner
ready Susie you can eat the vegetable
plate a but I want McDonald's you'll eat
what you get ow gotcha cut that [ __ ] out
Hank wait a minute honey why aren't
there sheets on the bed because you
pissed the bed last night well it's not
my fault I got a [ __ ] bladder and a
prostate the size of a watermelon anyway
let's get some shut out all right let me
just put this toy away no actually let's
use it as a divider so you don't piss on
my side of the bed good thing H honey I
wouldn't want you cuddling me anyway
okay where's my lightsaber at Timmy
doesn't have anything in his room Junior
what are you doing in my room oh I get
it you're trying to get what Cody gets
so you like what you heard huh uh no no
no no
no no I don't want that I want My
lightsaber well you can't get your
lightsaber anymore because my father
took it in its room where's your dad's
room I'll go grab the lightsaber no no
please don't cuz if my father finds out
another boys in the house I'll be
crowned well that's your fault for
taking the lightsaber but why don't you
have sheets on your bed why don't you
have anything in your room oh my parents
don't let me have anything fun or TV
they only let me read my Bible because
they think I'm gay or something but I am
so straight of course you are buddy look
I'm going to go get my lightsaber please
don't
[Music]
knock it off not t not
he what was that we're being robbed
somebody call the police oh
no oh wow Junior you got it yeah wasn't
easy wow yeah wait where's Joseph oh he
already went home he saw you do that
zipline thing and he said that was
pretty cool dude and then he laughed oh
well thanks for the birthday gift Cody
it is really cool yeah sorry you had to
go through all that but hey now I can
give you your real gift real gift yep
it's outside outside yeah come on there
it is Junior you got me an a patchy
helicopter yep I was mad that you
guessed it so fast that lightsaber was
just a decoy gift thank you so much Cody
don't mention it champ
[Music]
he
[Music]