last time on Jeffy Ball Z Jeffy
collected all the dragon balls just for
Brooklyn guy to steal his wish will
Jeffy get revenge does Brooklyn guy have
any powers at all let's find out I'm the
Spirit Bomb you oh man not if I spear
upon you first
something's happening oh I'm gonna get
destroyed aren't I baby duck oh
okay all right yeah you kicked my ass
there you go you can have your stupid
outfit back I'll be taking a nap you
really just wasted his wish on his
stupid outfit just to give it back well
look I thought by getting the outfit I
get the powers too but I guess it
doesn't work like that you just wasted a
wish we could have wished for a billion
dollars or for Grand Theft Auto 6 to
come out yeah I know I should have just
wish for the powers look I'm sorry okay
I'll help you find the dragon balls
you'll help us find the dragon balls
yeah I'll go look for them and if I find
any I'll bring them back here and if you
find any you bring them back here too
okay all right Daddy I'm gonna go look
for some Dragon building foreign
where are these dragon balls at oh well
I need to get my power level up I'm
about to ride the F out of this ducky oh
yeah oh yeah
Jeffy oh hey Junior my name's not Junior
anymore it's Vegeta vagina why would you
want to be called that well no not
vagina Vegeta oh like the sizzling hot
plates from Chili's that come out like
no those are fajitas my name's Vegeta
Virginia or West Virginia but not
Virginia Vegeta oh vagina no listen
where are the dragon balls at well the
only dragon balls are the Dragon Balls
across your face
you're gonna regret saying that yeah
oh
vagina what was that for I want to kill
you because if I get rid of you I'll be
the only one looking for the dragon
balls when you can't kill me because
you're more powerful than you we'll see
about that
[Music]
you're gonna make me go super syndrome
oh no please
any last words you can't kill me I'm the
Prince of all sayings oh that's how the
cookie crumble now that he's gone let's
go find these Dragon Balls oh man I
can't wait to eat my Applejacks
mommy is that a Dragon Ball don't touch
that Dragon Ball
you'll never get my tracker ball you
monkey tail turd
you take that back you [ __ ] oh we're
gonna have to fight for this Dragon Ball
oh dude that hurt oh I'm gonna go King
Tommy on your ass wait till I use my
special Bean Cannon well watch me charge
up
oh hell no I'm gonna charge up my
special PP Cannon
oh
[Music]
why are we fighting Daddy he took my
Dragon Ball Dragon Ball was in my cereal
but I want it oh okay how much do you
want for it three bucks I have three
bucks
probably there's three dollars take it
sucker oh I win all right Jeffy go get
your stupid Dragon Ball I will
finally it's man
I have returned after a long and
treacherous Journey Through the depths
of Hell conquering many adversaries and
dodging many obstacles I Jeffy have
defeated the one they call Pinocchio and
I have obtained a single ball of the
dragon and none of this would have been
possible if I didn't show great strength
and power I paid three dollars for this
Jeffy and I thank you for that father
but I still need six more so if you want
to cough up some more change we can get
this ball rolling balloon tits well
Jeffy isn't it your job to find it but
it's so hard our daddy imagine
dedicating your life to looking for
balls you have to eat sleep and breathe
balls like a girl and only fans look
Jeffy just go find the other six ones
all right captain
we should have done Naruto
how did I lose to Jeffy
no the Saiyans of Legend were an
Invincible Warrior Race and I am their
son and at long last I have risen to
claim my Birthright I have stepped into
the ranks of greatness all my life I
have worked towards this goal and for
what to be brushed aside as easily the
common house lied by an Android
a true saying would not have fallen
maybe I'm not who I think I am perhaps
there are still new plateaus for me to
reach four Greater Heights to which I
must Ascend yes I will Ascend the
universe will Marvel and tell you what
the hell are you doing talking to
yourself in your room ah go to sleep
shut the hell up weirdo
sorry Dad
like I was saying there might be new
plateaus I can reach the Universe show
you if you're gonna keep on talking to
yourself like a widow take out that dead
trash boy you know what Dad get it good
don't do that weird stuff in my house
hold on take on that damn trash I'm not
gonna repeat myself again okay Dad
just looking for something to eat what
type of apple is this oh that hurts my
mouth oh it still hurts my mouth oh
stupid dad
doesn't understand that I'm a Saiyan God
Hey kid you want to trade me something
for this apple that's not an apple
that's a Dragon Ball give me that no you
gotta trade me something for it uh uh
how about I trade you this get a gun
oh hell no how about my Rudolph the
Red-Nosed Reindeer
no one can beat a Saiyan God like me
what are you thinking I have a balloon
well can I have it stop it
hey you bought my balloon oh and now
you're going down
no one can beat me now give me that
Dragon Ball no my Apple
I've done it I've gotten a Dragon Ball
now I must beat Jeffy to find any other
six dragon balls so I can wish to become
the most powerful being in the universe
not so fast vagina Jeffy what are you
doing here we're gonna kick your ass me
an old giraffe tushy and then we're
gonna take that Dragon Ball you're not
getting this Dragon Ball unless you pry
it from my code dead hands well the dead
pair can be arranged
foreign
but I'm stronger you're no match for
giraffe booty hole
come on giraffe give me a big sink
I have two
welcome to the black market pawn shop
what can I get you okay well uh what I'm
looking for is uh pretty hard to find
well we are the black market pawn shop
so we have all kinds of sketchy [ __ ]
just tell me what you're looking for and
I'll tell you if we can accommodate you
okay well uh what I'm looking for is
some balls Whoa man no no we're not that
kind of shop we don't do that here no no
not like that like I I it's like these
seven balls I don't know what you're
into man but you should probably get
some help no not like that like there's
like there's like seven balls and I just
want to like rub them and make a wish
okay I think I need to ask you to leave
no it's like they're like dragon balls
like seven Dragon Balls oh we don't have
seven Dragon Balls oh well I'm sorry for
wasting your time then we do have five
though wait wait really you have five
Dragon Balls yeah but you wanted seven
so sorry we don't have that well no no
I'll take the five Dragon Balls it's
fine I'll take whatever you can give me
that's kind of weird like you wanted
seven dragon balls but now you want five
that's kind of fishy no no really I I
can go find the other two it's fine just
give me the five Dragon Balls huh but
you see why that's weird right like you
wanted seven dragon balls and now you're
gonna settle for five it's kind of like
if you told me that you wanted a puzzle
with seven pieces and I told you I only
had five and you were fine with that
it's like like you can't finish the
puzzle so so what's really going on no
no look it's up to me to finish the
puzzle on my own okay just just give me
the Dragon Balls okay fine but uh that's
gonna be a hundred dollars a hundred
bucks that is a rip-off oh okay I'll
tell you what I'm not gonna give you any
money until you show me some balls and
some some Dragon Balls not dolphin balls
all right fine here are the goods oh
they are so beautiful okay here you go
he's your stupid money you scumbag it's
Dragon Balls hey Dane look I got two
balls you got two balls Jeffy yeah Danny
the other one finally dropped oh you're
talking about these balls yeah I got two
Dragon Balls well Jeffy you only need
five more and then you get your wish hey
guys I found five Dragon Balls oh you
got five Dragon Balls well I got two
right here that's great that means we
have all of them now we just gotta put
them together give me a two no you give
me your five no give me a two no what if
I give you my two and then you steal my
wish again look bro I'm not gonna do
that again I got the two slots right
here just give me those no you give me
yours look I clearly learned my lesson
last time I'm not gonna steal your wish
again look how about this I I swear on
my mother's life I won't steal your wish
actually you know what I swear in my
brother's life too and my wife's my
whole family is wearing all their lives
I won't steal your wish again okay
oh they're glowing the dragon's coming
dragon come dragon come let's all make
the dragon come
hey player oh goofy the Kraken and
because you play with my balls you get
one wish I wish I had super powers
this is my command
I finally have super powers you stole
jeffy's wish again yes I did because I
got five of the seven dragon balls and I
think it's only fair that I should get
the wish but but you swore on your
family's life I don't care about my
family they can die for all I care I
have super powers now and that means I
can finally kick your ass so take this
what oh you didn't do the Kamehameha
thingy oh yes yes you're right thank you
[Music]
what the hell is that what what what the
hell am I supposed to do with this
little tiny baby laser
okay what the hell was that about you
may have powers but you're not powerful
take this
will Jeffy ever get his wish will
Brooklyn guy ever learn to use his
powers find out next time on Jeffy
ballsy
[Music]