officer Simmons officer guy get in here
nuh-uh yeahuh nuh-uh okay we'll ask the
chief chief when you're pulling somebody
over for a DUI is it okay to let them go
if they're almost home because they've
won they're already almost there no
you're supposed to arrest them see
Simmons I told you Don I guess I made a
mistake well I need you two to focus
because I have a very important mission
for you now this is one of the FBI's
most wanted criminals and he's on the
loose but we got an anonymous tip that
says he's going to be at a house later
tonight so I need you two to stake out
the house and if he shows up arrest him
but make sure doesn't see you because
this is our last chance to arrest him
before he gets on a plane to Cuba but
sir if we know he's going to Cuba why
don't we just arrest him at the airport
because it's Charlotte Airport oh god oh
yeah no I [ __ ] hate Charlotte Airport
you're right this is our last chance
come on Simmons H can we stop at Dairy
queenn on the way there Dairy Queen why
cuz they get the ice cream you can flip
upside down and it won't spill out
nuh-uh nuh-uh
nuh-uh all right Simmons that's the
house look m it's not spilling I swear
to God Simmons if you spill that ice
cream in my Hyundai Sonata the next
crime we investigate is going to be your
murder it's not going to spill mate it's
a blizzard well look let's just focus
hold on let me see if I can see anything
through my
binoculars okay Simmons I don't see
anything uh my I don't think this is the
address we're supposed to be at I know
this is my ex-girlfriend's house I just
want to see if she's moved on well
aren't you married yes but she's the one
that got away she was so hot and she
broke my heart let's see oh there's two
cars in the driveway and one of them is
a pickup truck that has to be a guy oh
God I bet he's bigger than me and I bet
he's uncircumcised oh look at that
license plate it says uncut he's
definitely uncircumcised and he has
those big aluminum testicles hanging off
the back she just opened the blinds oh
God I think she sees me wait she's
pointing at me oh God he just walked up
and he's naked and he is uncircumcised
wait now she's pointing at it oh my God
that is the most uncircumcised penis
I've ever seen now she's holding up a
sign that says I bet you wish you were
this uncircumcised I do I'm sorry it's
not my fault it's my parents fault oh
God that is so uncircumcised it looks
like an umbilical Court Simmons we got
to go to the house we're supposed to be
at I can't look at this
[Music]
anymore okay Simmons now we're at the
correct house well what do we do now
well now we just sit here and wait for
that criminal to show up wait somebody's
walking up to the house right
now oh hi there I'm here to get down the
business all right come on in look
Simmons that dark complected man just
went into the house is that the criminal
not this time well what do we do now
well now we just wait for the real
criminal let me have some of that ice
cream oh probably nothing what what the
[ __ ] there's a guy behind us God damn it
he's going to blow our cover go around
I'm
parked what go
around oh Jesus this guy's going to are
you [ __ ] me hey move out of the road
dumb ass hey [ __ ] tart I'm parked on the
curb yeah I know I almost hit your ass
now move well maybe you need to learn
how to [ __ ] drive idiot well maybe
you need to stop being such a [ __ ] oh
yeah well guess what I'm a cop and if I
wasn't on a steak out right now I'd
cream your ass oh yeah do it [ __ ] yeah
I would but your mother how about that
hey hey what you say about my mother I
want to come over there and beat your
ass yeah she's ugly oh yeah well at
least my mother loves me I bet yours
hates your guts she does and that was
very hurtful yeah now get out of here
ugly my next Stop's going to be your
wife's house that way I can bang up oh
how about you just go where you going
and you stop yelling at me I don't think
I want to I think I like it here look
I'm doing very important work right now
just go away I don't give a [ __ ] trying
to be inconspicuous and you're [ __ ]
it up I don't give a [ __ ] up your ass
how how much do I have to pay you to
leave $10 well all I got is a five well
blow it up your ass big what hey hey hey
how about you just how about you just
take the five come on uh okay fine fine
fine give it here fine just take the
Goddamn money all right thank you sir
this [ __ ] guy he mate what was all
that yelling about that [ __ ] behind
us he just kept coming with The
Comebacks he was very witty I had to pay
him $5 to go away cuz he was blowing a
cover but I promise you if this wasn't a
stake out I would have shot his ass yeah
mate just remember to turn off your body
cam yeah I mean it wouldn't be the first
time right what what the what the hell
is he doing oh no come on I gave you $5
go
away okay Simmons Get Your Gun this
could get ugly all right wait wait you
don't think he's going in the house do
you hold on let me grab my binoculars
all right let's see what's going
on hey you made it hey you started
without me yeah I had to test it out it
was warm okay let's get it Simmons that
was weird what happened M well the dark
complexion man answered the door naked
and then the mean guy went inside well
maybe that guy was in the shower yeah
maybe damn it I'm getting a phone call
it's my daughter hello Dad are you going
to make it to my piano recital sure
honey when is it right now right now oh
no that that is not happening dad you
always miss them you said you'd be here
for this one yeah but Daddy's on a
really important stake out right now you
know no daddy catches bad guys I can't
believe you're missing my piano recital
again you're the worst dad ever no no
I'm not come on just FaceTime me I can
watch it through the phone it's not the
same yes it is come on just FaceTime me
okay okay she's FaceTiming all right Dad
can you see me I sure can princess now
you rock the [ __ ] out of that
piano
okay oh great that's great honey yeah
that that's definitely what I paid for
those piano for all that noise Jesus
Simmons this is terrible I I'm just
going to hang up and pretend the call
dropped oh look mate someone else is
going up to the door where hey my
brother all right let's do this I got a
balloon full of Coke in my ass it's not
clowning around and get in well Simmons
it just got weirder a clown just showed
up maybe it's a birthday party oh you're
right maybe that's why the criminal's
coming it's a surprise party for him
yeah we can't ruin it well yes we can
Simmons just like you can arrest
somebody for a DUI even if they're close
to their house wait somebody's walking
up to the car hey man I don't have any
money go away is this an electric
vehicle what no this is a Hyundai Sonata
you know that's bad for the environment
man okay this car gets 38 MP gallon on
the highway I think the environment is
going to be just fine but the ozone
layer is melting and the baby polar
bears are dying man because it's hot
it's hot as [ __ ] man yeah I don't give a
[ __ ] about the baby polar bears I'm on a
steak out right now and you shouldn't
eat steak man that's a red meat and they
have to kill the happy cat cow yeah well
the happy cows are delicious so get out
of my face you hippie freak you're going
to get me caught oh by that house over
there yes I'm going to go check it out
no no no come back [ __ ] Simmons we're in
trouble hey wait who invited you I just
want to see what's going on man hey we
got room for one
more yeah you can come on come on in man
right on man whoa Simmons they just let
that guy inside they let that guy inside
yeah there can't be any illegal activity
going on in there if they're just
letting random people in you know what
Simmons you go in there I can't go in
there I'm dressed like a cop well take
your uniform off I don't have any other
clothes underneath my uniform well you
can go in there naked the black guy's
already naked but then they'll see my
shrimp and I don't have an Outback
colossal shrimp I have one of the little
popcorn shrimps Simmons nobody's going
to judge your shrimp and besides the the
criminal might already be in there so
just get in there all right mate I'll do
it don't look at my shrimp wait what are
you doing here we don't got room for no
more oh come on I just want to come
inside and check it out I mean you are
in your birthday suit already so come
come on huh they let Simmons inside well
I guess I'm just going to sit here and
wait and see if he calls for backup
morvin there's a strange car parked
outside the hucker do house I haven't
seen it before and a bunch of people are
going inside the house too let me call
Hank and make sure everything's fine
it's ringing howdy Marvin hey Hank uh
are you at home no I'm out on a business
trip and the kids are at their
grandparents house and my wife's home
alone oh well there's a weird car parked
outside your house and my wife said she
saw a bunch of people going inside your
house uh she probably probably ordered
uberit or some door Dash or some Gro ho
okay just making sure everything's fine
yeah just call me if there's an
emergency Marvin all right I'll let you
know he doesn't seem worried about it
okay oh God damn it m what Simmons what
happened in there she made my popcorn
shrimp feel like a lobster tail what I
put it in her out back and then I went
down under and got a face full of
chocolate lava cake well was there any
illegal activity in there there should
have been her taking six shrimps at once
should have been illegal she looked like
a blooming onion what are you talking
about I made a pho
oh ew was the criminal in there I don't
know I couldn't see it because my face
was BET's two butt cheeks how much
longer we going to have to wait for this
guy my ass is starting to hurt yes H H
oh wait I think I see him hey man you
late it's all dried up now I don't care
I'll lick it up that's the spear get
your ass in here [ __ ] that's him that's
him Simmons let's go get him please
don't make me go back in there mate I'm
going to want seconds ew Simmons ew I'll
go get him then all right don't get
tempted M I won't police freeze
everybody on the ground oh God you're
already on the ground wait who invited a
car well I didn't uh I guess everybody
just like disconnect good news everyone
the coke balloon is still in my ass
we'll come back to that later you are
under arrest a man I'll let you finish
though ah my man all right sir we got
him well what took you boy so flippity
flapping long well I had to let him
finish I last a long time yeah he does
lucky well good work boys but officer
Simmons I couldn't help but notice from
your body cam footage that you took your
uniform off why I had to go spunking in
a cave it was a chocolate cave from
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory I
don't understand well let me explain
sir what what Simmons you banged a
witness oh that is it you are suspended
for 2 weeks without pay well I'd spend 2
weeks to pay on that experience and
since I'm already suspended I might as
well go back over there you know what I
think I might go check it out too you
know what I think I'm going to go too
okay you guys have fun now wait a minute
get back here you can't do that oh rats
I almost got you yeah you're under
arrest but I'm going to go check it out
wait no one's here to watch me I mean I
might as well go back over there
[Music]
too