hey Mommy can you help me go over the
Apple bet sure Jeffy it's the alphabet
Jeffy not the Apple bet no it's the
apple bit alphabet then why does a start
with apple apple starts with a well hold
your tongue into Apple why because it's
funny just do it uh-hole Jeffy
don't cuss you said it first no I didn't
I said owl Marvin it does kind
of sound like that sound like what
 Jeffy stop cussing Jeffy give me
the cards and let me help you all right
here we go ready a b c d e f g h i j k l
m n o p q u r s t u v double v wait wait
what'd you just say Jeffy double v no
that's a w no it's a double v because
look see you got a v right there and if
you put 2v side by side it makes a
double v no that's a w well Daniel right
here see down to you and the U is
rounded and the V is pointy if you put
two pointy V's together you get a double
v and if it was really a double you
they'd be rounded and it would look like
boobies well I understand that makes
sense but it's called a Double U not a
double v well I think
I think shoot the alphabet what you
can't sue the alphabet Jeffy that's a w
it'll always be a w no matter how much
sense you're making no it's a double v
so dumb
I am the honorable Judge and today we
will be hearing the case of Jeffy versus
the alphabet Jeffy is suing the alphabet
because he wants the letter W to be
called double v one thing real quick
since the alphabet is not a person
bailiff who do we have here representing
the alphabet well your honor we have
this dictionary and it's full of words
and letters so I guess that's kind of
like the alphabet and I guess his name
would be Webster I mean it has 20 000
words in it but I mean there's actually
140 000 words in the English language so
I don't really know how they decided
which 20 000 words to put in here I
guess it's just kind of like the top 20
000 words like they should have called
this now that's what I call words it's
just kind of the best of but anyway
we're using this as the alphabet oh good
we can start then Jeffy tell me why you
think the letter W should be called
double v mommy getting here well your
honor most people call this letter A W
when in fact it should be called a
double v because this letter right here
is a V and if you put two v's side by
side it makes a double v
this letter right here is a u notice how
it's rounded on the bottom and on the
double v it's pointy like the letter V
so this letter right here should be
called a double v and not a w hmm
interesting let me see those cards
let's see here
yes I suppose you're right it does look
more like a double v than a w
Jeffy you are a very smart young man
that must be my phone along oh yes I
have low blood sugar so it's time for my
daily Big Mac it's bad for my
cholesterol but you only live once
that is delicious
your order are you okay I'm having a
heart attack someone help me sir I'm a
doctor I can get you to a hospital right
away but but who's gonna take over your
judge duties him that boy he's a genius
I trust him to make good decisions while
I'm in the hospital really him that
doesn't seem like a good idea are you
questioning my orders I choose him don't
get me to a hospital immediately right
away sir you boy you're the judge of
this courtroom now everybody do what he
says until I get back sir we have to go
right now you are the judge what you say
goes on the judge now that's awesome
and there's gonna be some changes around
here and my first rule is that the
letter W will be now called the letter
double v anyone who calls it w will be
sentenced to 50 years in prison
and also if I find someone yeah
they'll get a good boy sticker all right
Bella I'm ready to hear my first catch
okay your honored this is Goodman and he
was arrested on tax evasion it's my
hard-earned money I shouldn't have to
give it to poor people he hasn't paid
his taxes in 12 years which is a very
serious crime listen judge this is a
suitcase full of Cold Hard Cash I'll
give it to you if you just let me go and
that's bribery which is another charge
come on just take the money don't take
the money Simon says take the money I'll
take the money bring it here here you go
you can't do that
all right thank you very much I find
this man innocent
and don't forget your good boy sticker
thank you
all right Bayless I'm ready to hear the
next case hey your honor you can't be
doing that you know what letting people
bribe you to get away with their crimes
but I'm the judge well yeah but as a
judge you have great power and it's like
Spider-Man says after he does that
wrestling match to get money to buy a
new car to impress Mary Jane he says I
need that money so I need that money or
else I'm gonna tell the other judges
that you take bribes all right fine take
this and shut up and bring me my next
case okay whatever you say goes okay
this next case is a single shut the hell
up your honor this next case is a single
mother who was caught shoplifting she
claims she was trying to steal food to
feed her son I didn't have much money
this month times are hard hmm what kind
of food was she stealing she stole a can
of green beans sir oh guilty guilty
guilty guilty guilty guilty knife
electric chair take her to the sale and
also you try poisoning your kid by
feeding them green beans so attempted
murder guilty okay off to the cell we go
also new wall green beans are now
illegal anyone caught in possession of
it is now sentenced to death but bring
in my next case okay your honor your
next case is this woman I caught on the
street trying to sell well herself well
times are hard yeah when I arrested her
in the back of my cop car she offered me
a whole bunch of nasty stuff and I only
took her up on one or two of those nasty
things okay I'm a man I have needs after
all but still what she did is illegal
and so is what I did but we're cool
right I didn't hear a word you said but
all I know is that you arrested an
innocent woman she's free to go
underneath this desk because I just came
into a lot of cash and now it's sticky
okay look I'm not gonna argue with this
one I'll go get the next case what do
you want me to do just take some cash
and go sit down there I'll deal with you
later okay next okay your honor our next
case is this homeless guy I found
outside peeing on the courthouse so
that's public urination alien stuck my
right ear he's homeless where else is he
supposed to be he's innocent come up
here and get sticker all right go get
your sticker all right here's your
sticker it matches your shirt hey
sticker man now you get to go pee
wherever you want I'm gonna go pee on a
school bus all right all right bring in
my next case okay your honor I caught
these two posing as debt collectors I'm
calling elderly people to steal their
credit card information
willingly gave us that credit card
information see they all when they gonna
spend that money on teeth coffins
exactly baby now look judge before you
try to send us to jail I would like to
offer you something my wife see she has
some services that you can't get nowhere
else on this planet not popping to that
baby hey there big boy I don't want to
go to jail
well that position's already been filled
well actually currently being filled so
you're guilty and also I order you to
pay back all the money that you've
stolen so however much that is just
calculate that with a calculator also go
to jail for like a day and also no
sticker for you no sticker you suck John
 because we're black babies damn
right homie shit's hot out here next
case okay your honor this is Bubbles uh
he's been in jail for a long time not
long enough because I ain't got your
cute ass here uh I don't like the way he
looks at me I'm getting worried anyway
the reason he's here is because he does
unspeakable things to his cell mate the
most recent thing is that he branded his
name on another inmate's ass yes my
booty I own that booty now well we'll
see what happened is he said that
another inmate tried to take that booty
and he said his name wasn't on it so he
put his name on the booty yeah on that
booty now my booty okay well just to be
clear he doesn't own another inmate's
ass you can't do that I did that okay
well I still separated them but now
during wreck time he calls it erect time
and he finds him out on the yard yeah
cause when I like you I want you and I
get you yeah he says he says that a lot
too we tried putting him in solitary
confinement but then when the guards go
to bring his food he convinces them to
open the door and then it's just over
yeah I'm a bloodhound for that ass yeah
yeah you see this number right here
that's how many booties I got
582 booties and Counting yeah we have to
make them a new jumpsuit every day you
number 583. I suggest we euthanize this
man well what was anyone else's name on
your booty well no you're on it no other
inmates are claiming to own another
man's ass in prison well I guess since
no one else's name was on it Finders
Keepers he's innocent come get your
sticker but you're honor I told you I
guess what I want and I meet me in the
bathroom in 10 minutes clean up while I
get my sticker okay all right what color
sticker do you want I want the color of
the inside of booty red
all right next case okay your honor we
caught this kid spray painting a stop
sign so it says go and he caused a 10
car pile up what loser you're a judge
now yeah I am the judge now and I don't
even care what he did I said in 10 to 10
years in jail and when you get out after
10 years come see me give you 10 more
years
10 years yeah you heard him he's the
judge so come on come on
next days okay your honor this is Chef
PeePee he got caught stealing from the
salad bar to Ruby Tuesdays without
paying for it look judge I ate dinner
there and I still paid for my meal I was
walking out and I decided to just pick
up a little cherry tomato and eat it at
the salad bar yeah look I paid for my
meal I still paid for the meal yeah but
you didn't pay the 8.99 for the salad
bar cherry tomatoes are gross guilty six
months in jail six months in jail for
one cherry tomato Jeffy I'll kill you
come on all right next case hey your
honor there's actually no more Cases
left for the day oh well in that case
can you send in my mommy and daddy but
they didn't do anything to get arrested
by sending them to my courtroom okay if
you say so oh what's going on your son's
the judge now what oh Jeffy you look so
cute with that little Hammer okay hold
your tongue and say apple why do what he
says he's the judge
don't cuss in the courtroom I was saying
Apple all right Daddy what were you
gonna feed me for dinner tonight uh
green beans Jail jail how long sir I
don't know just jail take them away but
not mommy what okay well no Debbie I
hate you
hello everybody I am back good news it
turns out I did not actually have a
heart attack it was just angina I know
it sounds like a dirty word but it's
actually not it's just chest pain okay
Jeff and bequeath me my seat back I
can't queef no bequeath it means to give
give me my seat back okay yes thank you
it feels good to be back oh hello what
is your name I see your lovely little
gift so Jeffy how is it being a judge it
was pretty cool people had to listen to
what I say oh my phone's ringing hello
put Jeffy on the phone oh okay Jeffy
here it's for you yellow listen Jeffy
you put me in jail but you didn't tell
him how long I was supposed to be in
jail so can you please tell him how long
yeah just let me know when you want him
out I don't know depends on if you're
gonna take me to Chuck E cheese every
day Jeffy tell them to let me out right
now tell me you won't feed me green
beans anymore no I won't feed you green
beans all right tell them I'll let you
out okay got it all right you're free to
go okay thank you so how jail Marvin you
know jail gave me a lot of time to think
think about I'm gonna beat your ass
Jeffy why wouldn't you call the judge
and tell on you what I'm calling the
judge and telling on you what
hello hey judge it's me Jeffy jefferoni
and cheese the j-man
j-e-l-f-y because I have to ah Jeffy my
man homie I'm very grateful for the
suitcase of cash you left me and the
young lady be gentle with her she calls
me a smooth 10K but I was calling
because my daddy's trying to beat me to
tell him to stop tell him if he does not
follow orders he will meet my wrath bye
you hear that yes yay we fixed the Apple
bet now take me to Chuck E cheese but
I'm tired take me to Chuck E cheese okay
yay Chuck or cheese
thank you
[Music]