guys tonight we're gonna play in the
t-ball Championship Game oh dude we're
totally gonna win this yeah yeah even
though we were in a Tebow League hey
guys I won't be able to play in the
t-ball Championship tonight why because
my mommy and daddy grounded me for
saying the f word but you're our best
hitter yeah do we need you I guess we
have to play without him yeah we can win
without him dude come on guys all right
kids this is the t-ball Championship you
guys win this and you guys are World
Champs
not actually World Champs not even state
champs more like County Champs actually
just this one little town but you guys
will still be Champs and that's all that
matters right I can't wait we're gonna
win I wonder who reversing oh they
should be here any minute we here hi are
you the parents of the other team no we
are the other
you guys know this is a little kids
t-ball Championship right yeah and we've
been champions for 15
nobody can beat us are you guys 12 years
old yeah in our minds we are
here's the number who is he that's tiny
nipple Tyler just calm down calm down he
can hit a home run with his eyes closed
um kids can I talk to you for a second
okay we're screwed we're gonna lose so
we can still win no these are adults do
you know what I'm saying look at look at
his nipples that is a grown man's
nipples we can't beat him well we can at
least try are we gonna play or what uh
yeah yeah we're gonna try we're going
we're gonna try to play all right come
on in damn oh Jesus kids I'm sorry oh
okay okay kids looks like we're batting
first who wants to get out there and
embarrass themselves I'll bet first I'll
put the team on my back I don't care how
big those 12 year olds are we'll still
win yeah we're gonna win kids I'm
telling you right now those are not 12
year olds those are grown ass men who
just like to beat up on little kids
because it makes them feel better about
themselves okay we're gonna lose but
coach we're gonna win this for you we're
gonna win this for you come on guys yeah
let's do it oh God help these children
all right you ready guys I'm gonna send
this over the fence
all right
oh we're gonna lose and I don't know why
there's a guy in the pitcher's mound
this is t-ball I don't know what the
hell he's doing
you gotta hit it a little bit farther a
little bit farther baby oh man I thought
it was gonna be a home run ah sorry
coach it's okay they're grown ass men
okay Cody you're up next uh oh geez uh
Cody flip your bat around huh uh oh yeah
thank you oh man
easy out everybody moving uh could you
guys move no hit it okay
out yeah get a stepping get a stepping
next [ __ ] up yeah sorry coach it's okay
Cody there's nothing you could have done
you had a wall of grown men in your way
okay Junior you're up next okay guys I
got this here we go
that's some now all right let's all
turned it back y'all let's show them how
real kids back sorry coach hey you tried
and at least you hit the ball right okay
now it's their turn to bat so go out
there and get slaughtered
hey man you know you should probably
just go easy on the kids you know they
are kids
get it ah dude hit it over the fence
that's impossible oh sweet Jesus he hit
a home run
yes I know this is [ __ ]
[Applause]
all right Tyler let's show them what
them tiny nipples can do all right all
right y'all ain't ready yeah his nipples
are very tiny I I don't know why that
makes him good at t-ball
ah dude they're obviously on steroids
they keep hitting it over the fence yep
yeah there it goes over the fence yeah
yeah I know I see him I see your nipples
they're very tiny oh we got Michael
right and toe in this hole don't do it
to him oh
do it do it Macarena Joe hit it please
don't hit another home run
oh come on come on get him just let it
go over Dude I lost hope and another
home run yeah yeah that is the Macarena
all right Sabrina no penis get out there
[Applause]
okay it's a girl hopefully she's not as
good at t-ball
hey oh that's gotta hurt but somebody go
to First somebody go to first get her
here dude
you're out you're out I touch the base
yeah
I'm okay we got it out oh my God we got
it out I can't believe it hey hey kids
we might not actually lose as bad as I
thought sorry guys we'll show them next
time
[Applause]
thank you
[Applause]
oh no not poopy yes poopy make up all
your [ __ ]
oh no that's gonna be a home run yeah it
is
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
okay we're down four to zero come on
kids just get two more outs all right
Enrique give us some more
Enrique more like Enrique gay right
right kids
I
can't be stopped we actually got him out
no no look look damn it I suck it yo
it's okay Enrique
I got you I got you
oh no not the tiny nipples
yeah oh that's definitely out of here I
got it I got it wait wait another route
you guys suck
yeah
well kids we're down four to zero but
it's our turn to bat so we might still
win this no there's no way we're not
good at batting the only person that was
good at batting is Jeffy well where is
he he's grounded and couldn't play well
looks like we're gonna lose kid
yeah y'all gonna lose Ain't No Way
coming back four to zero
somebody needed me Jeffy you made it
dude he's here your parents ungrounded
you no I snuck out
we might actually have a chance okay you
boys get out there and try to win this
yeah Dad and girl uh yeah right whatever
Penelope all right ball shape of
football damn Jeffy crushed it
so close yeah hey way to go Jeffy That's
my boy right there four to one we can
actually do this okay Penelope it's your
turn to bet I don't know what I'm doing
Dad I know I know okay just keep your
eye on the ball and swing okay you can
do this okay all right daddy's gonna be
watching you
yeah
dang it Penelope they are laughing at
you out there you're striking out in
t-ball it's right there on the goddamn
teeth I don't know what I'm doing Dad
just just hit it
um
run run Philly run go go go where we're
at first base look he's coming he's
coming hurry
it's right there Penelope oh yeah what's
that mean it means you're out does that
mean I get to sit down yes just go talk
about periods or whatever you do okay
let's go Joseph oh I got this
yeah
oh yeah yeah damn it we have two outs
who's up to bet next Cody oh we are so
screwed okay Cody okay you can do this
don't even think about it you got this I
mean he's he's right there but but
that's okay that's okay I can hit it
over his head okay yeah I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna get a point we're gonna
get a home run and then we're gonna win
the whole game I can do this all right
all right Cody
okay yeah no that's fine I guess I'm out
oh come on you can't just do that that's
not fair you gotta at least let him Hit
It First come on
yes
okay so it's starting to bat all right
kids it's four to one we just have to
make sure they don't score any more
points since y'all score one point we're
gonna score 50 on y'all
listen to them kids that's impossible
all right Macarena Joe no mercy on him
no mercy
[Music]
oh shoot they might actually score 50
points
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
it's 50 to one y'all gonna quit yet I
mean yeah I think we're gonna call the
mercy rule
[Applause]
hey you feel real good about yourselves
you're a bunch of grown ass men you beat
a bunch of kids congratulations all
right kids huddle up well you lost the
t-ball Championship but as far as I'm
concerned you guys are winners you
scored one point against a bunch of
grown adults and that's pretty
impressive I I don't have any trophies I
guess the trophies are in your heart so
let's all go out for pizza and ice
creams wow
[Music]