daddy my cat piano stuck your cat piano
stuck where ideal where ideal where I
deal Marvin just go follow him he can
use it words he's 19 years old where is
it stuck at go what go show me go meal
right there Jeffy how' your cat piano
get on the roof I threw it well Jeffy
I'm not getting it it's gone
forever okay Jeffy fine I'll go get it
just stay right here all right Jeffy I'm
on the roof I'm going to grab your
stupid cat
piano oh my B Daddy it's my cion okay my
back hurts Jimmy col an ambulance oh my
back hurts so bad okay morvin so I
printed out your X-ray on normal printer
paper cuz our Hospital doesn't have much
of a budget but if you'll see here your
spine is all crooked so it's pretty much
broken you know when I first saw this
x-ray I thought maybe this wasn't yours
I thought maybe this was the X-ray of
one of the many women that I've banged
you know cuz I I break their back from
how rough I am at the sex right that's
what women like they're like oh he broke
my back from sex you know it's not the
motion of the ocean it's the boat doctor
can we please Focus or do I have to go
to Linda and Lear again no no no no no
you don't you don't have to do that I'm
focused so yeah your back is messed up I
know I fell off the roof oh the roof the
roof the roof is on fire doctor I'm
sorry I'm sorry I I didn't take my ADHD
medication today I I got it so yeah your
back is all crooked and it's supposed to
be straight can you fix my back my neck
my back my [ __ ] and my crack doctor I'm
sorry he just keeps saying song lyrics
Focus was a movie with Will Smith and
Margo Robbie and it was not very good
you know I'm pretty sure they actually
banged yeah yeah yeah back so I I would
recommend that you wear a back brace
okay there's nothing else you could do
to fix it well you could see a
chiropractor what's a chiropractor well
somebody who pops your back to make it
feel good you know I consider myself to
be a chiropractor of [ __ ] that's it I'm
going to Linda in HR no no no no you
don't have to Oh Linda [ __ ] hates me
I've been written up so many times
before I'm probably going to get fired
Marvin just go talk to a chiropractor
okay ow ow ow ow my back hurts Marvin
I'm sorry your back hurts yeah me too
what's wrong with Daddy I broke my back
when I fell off the roof trying to get
your stupid cat piano oh Jeffy don't
annoy Marvin look his back's all crooked
well why don't you just fix it you can't
fix it Jeffy it's crooked
forever baby can you please turn on the
TV so I can have something to watch okay
where is it
tell me where a chiropractor is with
affordable prices that's right call the
back man if you don't want to be charg
an arm or a leg I'll just charge your
insurance I defeat back pain on
Vengeance paron the night you either die
with back pain or you live long enough
to no longer have
backman I'm the
backman baby look a chiropractor you
have to call the backman and get me an
appointment he can fix my back okay I'll
call him right now I'm not getting any
phone calls honey have you had any luck
getting business no Sharon I'm a
chiropractor named bman I thought that
commercial was going to go
crazy oh I'm getting a call hold on hold
on Shar your mother again shut up Sharon
this is back Wayne speaking oh I'm sorry
I was looking for bman uh yeah yeah yeah
let me let me go get him uh Batman
you're you're getting a call oh oh I am
oh that's crazy let me let me just come
right over here hello this is the
backman oh yes my husband's having a lot
of back pain back pain my Art's Nemesis
where is he where is he going where
where's Rachel well I don't know who
Rachel is but my husband's laying on our
couch where's
to uh I don't know can I just make an
appointment of course you can but the
backman only comes out at night okay can
you come tonight yes I can I'll be there
before the bomb
detonates I cannot keep keep doing that
voice that's killing me to The Back
mobile all right Marvin I called the
backman he's on his way oh thank God my
back hurts so bad can you roll me over
on my
stomach okay that's feeling a little bit
more
better just trying to hell are you okay
wait a
minute my back feels so much better what
yeah it does no Marvin we need to go to
the hospital and get checked out yeah
you're right maybe Jeffy like paralyzed
me and I just don't feel it come on
let's go all right Marvin this is your
old X-ray and this is your new x-ray see
your spine looks great now when I first
saw this I thought maybe that wasn't
your spine I thought maybe I'd
accidentally slapped my dick down in the
X-ray machine oh man she's already
writing who's that that's Linda from HR
she's here to watch my performance as a
doctor not in bed cuz if it was in bed
she'd give me a d well actually I'd give
her the D and she'd give me an a for how
good my D was stop run fighting guys
this might be my last day as a doctor
but whoever your chiropractor is he did
a great job oh well Jeffy he hit me in
the back with a baseball bat okay well I
wouldn't recommend he do that anymore I
think you got extremely lucky this time
just like I might get lucky later right
Linda no well guess what I I wouldn't
even bang you if you wanted to how about
that I wouldn't even poke you in
Facebook actually I would I'm going to
get her someday you just wait okay so my
back is perfectly fine yeah yeah it's
fine okay come on guys Marvin I'm so
glad GL your back is back to
normal yeah maybe I can put it in your
back door
tonight
icky who's at the door hello did
somebody call the backman oh yeah you're
the chiropractor guy chiropractor where
cuz I'm the backman Now where's the back
that needs
saving oh we don't need your help
anymore my back feels fine now what yes
my back was hurting really bad but then
I got it fixed so we don't need your
help then why did you call the backman
why why did you shoot the back signal oh
well we I did need your help but I don't
need your help anymore you you couldn't
like call me while I was driving here in
the back mobile I just got stop and fill
it up with gas man and then that shit's
expensive I can't make it home now oh
well I'm really sorry I mean I did need
your help but I don't need your help
anymore are you sure you don't want like
a back Rob or something no my back
actually feels really good happy ending
no we don't need anything anything
nothing come on
man this is really an inconvenience I'm
I'm so sorry like I I really I don't
know what to say I mean I'm sorry for
wasting your time you know what screw
you man don't don't call me again sorry
bman who was at the door Marvin it was
the bman oh yeah I forgot we called him
yeah he was very upset that we didn't
need his Services anymore
a I swear if that's the bman do you have
any money I can give him like a dollar
um I think so yeah I'll give him this
dollar because he won't stop annoying me
look here's a dollar go away you really
think a dollar is going to get me to go
away you owe $ 2,999 more of these for
this month oh Goodman I didn't know it
was you I thought it was the bman are
you on [ __ ] bath salts no no no
there's a guy named the backman and he
has a picture of a back on his stomach
well I'm the money man and so I need
$2,999 more of these and I'm sure if you
have one there's more around your house
so let's get to looking well no no there
isn't all right so where's the rest of
that money at there is no more money
Marvin what's Goodman doing here he's
here for the house payment oh another
dollar I knew I was getting hard
oh what's wrong I have a slip disc in my
back from beging prostitutes in my
Lamborghini you ever gotten a blumpkin
in a Lamborghini Marvin it's called a
blump ginini it'll change your life and
yes I do [ __ ] my Lamborghini and I just
sell it afterwards well if your if your
back is hurting Jeffy can fix your back
really yeah just lay there and he he'll
do it hold on he's not going to pee ddy
me is he no no just stay still Jeffy do
it all
right wa wait a minute I think he fixed
me yeah I told you Jeffy could fix your
back you know what Marvin you don't owe
a house payment this month and you can
keep the $2 never mind I'm going to take
that with me Jeffy I think you could
actually be a chiropractor with your
backat back oh my
god oh who's at the door this time hello
hey there I'm Sergeant chief of the
Department of Homeland Security oh how
can I help you has your son been fixing
people's backs with a bat lately yeah
he's been hitting people with bats good
well you see the president of Russia
Vladimir Putin has a herniated disc in
his back and he heard about your son's
Miracle back fixing technique so he's on
his way over to your house right now for
your son to fix his back now we think
this would be the perfect opportunity
for your son to paralyze Vladimir Putin
from the neck down so while he's fixing
his back just have your son beat the
crap out of his back until he's
paralyzed then he won't be able to give
orders well I guess you could still talk
just have your son kill Vladimir Putin
kill him yeah yeah he's on his way over
here right now though he actually pulled
up just right after I did so actually
can I hide inside your house I don't
want him to see me leaving oh yeah sure
come on who was at the door Marvin it
was the Department of Homeland Security
why they want Jeffy to kill Vladimir
Putin oh that's nice all right Jeffy
that's him bring your bat all right
hello hello it is me Vladimir Putin
Putin nice to meet you Vladimir Putin
yes nice to meet you too so how was your
flight from Russia it was fine listen my
back hurt I have herniated disc so you
whack yes you Pi bat and you whack my
back yes we will whack your back with
the bat Jeffy I want you to hit his back
really hard with that bat okay yes wack
[ __ ] out the back all right Jeffy hit
him in the back
go so Bast no one kills Putin on my wife
what this hold up come on backman give
him his Batman we got to kill Blackman
puy look I'm not [ __ ] I can take what
come on give him the Batman who's the
Batman now okay what is [ __ ] you fix
back or I look America tomorrow we we we
got to fix his back there's no need for
that turn around Mr boot now you're
going to Cross Your Hands you're going
to feel a little tuck one
two one
two oh better oh my NE feels so much
better thank you very much don't thank
me thank goam oh okay well I guess
you're back fix yeah I feel fine I'm not
the hero that this Town needs but I am
the hero that this town
deserves who the [ __ ] is that that was
the backman okay well thank you for
fixing back God damn itam it damn it
what the hell was that boys the backman
came and saved Vladimir Putin's life
damn it that was our only chance he had
no security or anything that just hurts
my back well the backman still my back
so I can't help you there [ __ ] so is
Jeffy a chiropractor now I guess so I
don't give a [ __ ] hey guys it's Logan we
officially launched an SML gaming
channel go subscribe right now we're
going to be uploading gaming videos
every single day so please go subscribe
to the new SML gaming channel for new
content every single day me in Bill tus
Jeffy ow I'm dead I'm so incredibly dead
help me why would you break it where you
at Cody Joseph help me come here come
here why Joseph why not Logan help I
mean Junior help yeah why not Logan I'm
a little offended you don't want me to
help you're the one who killed me
because you built a floor where I was
trying to climb up where's Jeffy I'm
over here getting shot at oh yeah I
forgot there are people