so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude let's watch some cartoons oh yeah
let's watch SpongeBob oh yeah but the
earlier Seasons those are the better
ones yeah the best yeah okay guys we can
watch that just don't tell my parents
what why well I'm not allowed to watch
SpongeBob cuz my parents say it's too
inappropriate too inappropriate it's
SpongeBob dude it's just a cartoon he
lives in a pineapple under the sea yeah
see they don't like any of that they
think it's real and they don't like that
he's down there doing all that oh and
they also don't like that he steals
women's underwear in that one episode oh
dude it's my favorite episode it's a
really good episode and it turns out Mr
Krab steals his own mom's underwear
nasty yeah and that's the first episode
they saw so they think that's all he
does is there's just a real sponge on
the bottom of the ocean that steals
women's underwear oh well that's kind of
lame he's a goofy goober yeah they don't
like that either they don't like that he
got drunk on ice cream and they're not
even mad that he got drunk it's just
that they're mad that there's alcoholic
ice cream on the bottom of the ocean
they they don't like any of that okay
well we won't tell your parents that
you're watching SpongeBob okay sure
let's watch it check this
out Daddy
oh don't cry Pro Daddy's going to make
it all right I just don't understand why
nobody wants to do the work with
me I'll figure it out
SpongeBob get in here me boy yes Mr
Krabs I need you to do me a favor what
is it Mr Krabs you see me beautiful
daughter Pearl well she'd be lonely and
she's never been with a man so I need
you to uh make her a crabby patty no I
need you to toast me daughter salad but
we don't serve salad at the K crusty
crab no I need you to uh butter her
biscuit we don't serve biscuits
either Mr Krabs can I have a job Patrick
just who I was looking for of course he
can have a job I need you to uh jump me
derter bones you need me to beat up a
skeleton no I need you to give her your
she cucumber me boy but I already ate
half of it Mr Squidward get in here what
Mr Krabs I'm about to go on
break I need you to do something with
that nose of
yours oh I love SpongeBob he's hilarious
see this is what my parents were talking
about it's inappropriate there's nothing
inappropriate about that Cody that's
funny that's just a cartoon yeah dude
that's humor laugh yeah I guess so who
guys look shut up try the new SpongeBob
Krabby paty meal at Wendy's wow look at
that goober box only for a limited time
only dude we have to get that oh my God
Cody you see the crabby patty meal yeah
it's a pretty cool idea it's an awesome
idea I want a SpongeBob goober box dude
I want a goober box I'm the ultimate
goober no I'm a Goofy Goober I'm a Goofy
Goober I'm the goofiest goober I'm the
super goober I'm the goofiest goober
goober goofy no way I'm the goofiest
goober of a goober goober goober I'm a
goob guys guys you're both Goofy Goobers
thank you we try our best all right so
let's get Chef peipe to take us to the
goober Ville you mean Wendy's yeah Chef
peee get in here what are you brats want
we're not brat Chef peipe we're goobers
well what do you goobers want can you
take us to Wendy's so we can get the
SpongeBob crabby patty meal well no I'm
not taking you to wy's PF peei we want
to know what the SpongeBob crabby patty
tastes like look I'll go to Wendy's
myself and get your stupid crabby patty
Meal look I just like to drive alone in
the car well I don't have to hear brat
screaming in my ears goobers well
goobers damn it okay so get three c p
meal from Wendy's okay fine I'll get
your stupid crabby patty meals guys what
do you think the crabby patty is going
to taste like it's probably just going
to be like a normal Dave single who the
hell is Dave what are you talking about
well that's what they call their burger
at Wendy's it's just like a regular
burger it's not going to be a regular
burger Cody it's going to be a crab
patty their whole life everyone's whole
life they want to know what a cry Patty
tastes like it's going to taste like a
cry Patty mhm it's going to be pretty
epic oh what if they have jelly on it
like that one episode oh Cody do you
think they have jellyfish jelly on the
cry Patty no they didn't show that it
just looked like a normal Burger o ooh
what about the pickles underneath
pickles underneath oh oh when I take a
bite of mine I'm I'm going to hide the
pickles under my tongue and I'm going to
go still no
pickles like bubble bath well this is
I'm really glad you guys are excited I
love that for you guys know it's going
to be so fun oh oh in the in the
pineapple Frosty oh yes all right Junior
here's your Krabby Patty
meals shf what the [ __ ] what what what
did I do wrong did you did you order the
crabby fatty meals yes it's right here
they're in the bags what are you talking
about Chef this this is just a regular
Wendy's bag where where's the where's
the SpongeBob with the goober box what
the hell no goober box it's in the bag
your crabby patty meals are in the bag I
got what you asked I think you ordered
the wrong thing I don't think you
ordered the crabby patty meal no I got
exactly what you asked I said to the
lady at the window get me the crabby
patty meals three of them but there's no
goober box where's the SpongeBob there's
no SpongeBob on the bag how how would
anyone know this is a CRA Patty meal
there's nothing that says SpongeBob Cody
do you think do you see anything that
says SpongeBob no just looks like
Wendy's look I don't know what to tell
you they didn't offer a goober box I
just got the meals that you ask okay
okay I'm I'm the [ __ ] at the drive-thru
thank you for choosing Wendy's would you
like to try SpongeBob cry Patty meal yes
uh please can I have three of them okay
and would you like the goober super
super goober box what the hell no they
didn't offer a goober box Junior what
well then so you're telling me she
handed you this brown [ __ ] bag at the
drive-thru and you said yep that's
that's acceptable to me that's that is a
crabby patty meal yeah that's what you
would put a meal in a damn Brown Bag yes
but it's not supposed to be in a brown
bag on the commercial right Cody it
showed a SpongeBob goober box yeah it
looked kind of cool yeah yeah yeah it
was supposed to be SpongeBob on the box
his Spongebob's face supposed to be
SpongeBob fry holders supposed to be
SpongeBob well look [ __ ] I don't work
at Wendy's I got the meal look just eat
it
okay yeah why don't we just eat the
goddamn Burgers please eat the damn
Burger okay I I'll eat the the crabby
patty this is not a crabby patty
guys what the [ __ ] dude this was not
made with love yeah like I said this is
just a regular old Dave
single what the [ __ ] cuz what the [ __ ]
oh Junior calm down I'm not going to
calm down what the [ __ ] is this dude
that's a fair crash out cuz what the
hell is this you're telling me for years
and years and years people want to know
what a crabby patty tastes like and
finally SpongeBob gives the right to the
crabby patty to a [ __ ] fast food
restaurant and they give it to bum ass
[ __ ] ass Wendy and this is what they do
like this is what they do like Cody be
honest be real if you are a regular
person been walking by and you saw this
do you think it's a SpongeBob meal does
anything say SpongeBob no actually it
just looks like Wendy's does anything
say Krabby Patty no the only thing I
would question is maybe the drink but
that's mostly cuz it looks gross it
looks like they mixed it wrong Wendy
didn't [ __ ] try like they seriously
didn't try look there there's no there's
no SpongeBob wrapping paper on the
burger there's no SpongeBob fry holder
there's no SpongeBob box in the
commercial they showed a SpongeBob box I
get no SpongeBob box I get no goober box
bro I do not feel like a damn goober
depressed ass goober I do not feel like
a goofy ass goober they literally did
not try like how do you not try look at
this that's a square Patty in the
SpongeBob show it's a circle Patty but
that's a square Patty why Cody well
maybe they were thinking because
SpongeBob's pants are square the Patty
should be [ __ ] off Cody ass that's ass
no not one episode of the [ __ ] Patty
square and if they are then I'm sorry
for not being fact checked but swear to
God this they're usually Circle why did
they not go to McDonald's why did
SpongeBob not go to McDonald's there's
no way [ __ ] Wendy's has more money than
than McDonald's man McDonald's is
superior they're the PS5 of all fast
foods what PS5 I guess yeah yeah PS5 top
tier okay well then then then then
Wendy's is the Sega Genesis of of of
fast food yeah Sega ass [ __ ] sure I I
don't know if that's a bad cono back on
track main point is Wendy's did not give
to [ __ ] when he said we really need
money SpongeBob please let us [ __ ]
advertise your cry Patty and this is
some bum ass [ __ ] right here this some
bum [ __ ] you know McDonald's they did
the adult happy meal and they had the
box and every you know Happy Meals
McDonald's Happy Meals every week they
check out those [ __ ] toys and you
know what they could have done if oh
SpongeBob would have went to McDonald's
there would been the actual like crabby
patty like box and there would been a
Crusty Crab box and there would been a
SpongeBob toy and a Squidward toy and a
pasture toy and a Mr Krabs toy and then
probably would have been a Plankton toy
and if you got the Plankton toy your
[ __ ] crab patty was missing that'd be
so cool everyone be like oh man I hope
my crab Pat's missing oh I hope I want
the Plankton [ __ ] toy I would have
definitely got it it's so stupid like
you know what's crazy you know what's
crazy there's no sesame seed bun in the
in the in the crabby patty formula
there's a sesame seed bun but you know
what does have a sesame seed bun a Big
Mac at McDonald's McDonald's has all the
[ __ ] ingredients you give it to
Wendy's what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] is
this literally Square no [ __ ] rapping
no try no effort come I'm suing I'm
going to sue I'm I'm going to hire a
lawyer and I'm going to [ __ ] Sue when
he's for false advertising there no
[ __ ] crabby patty meal you can't just
[ __ ] make a regular goddamn days
[ __ ] single and put mayonnaise on it
and say it's a [ __ ] CRA Pat some
[ __ ] Cody some [ __ ] [ __ ] say
it's not no it is [ __ ] that's on
[ __ ] I want to be a goofy ass
[ __ ] goober yeah me too I was so
happy for the goober me goober my ass
hey there somebody call a lawyer I did
oh you kids enjoying some Wendy's
enjoying is the opposite word I'm
experiencing oh what's wrong did you
find a finger in your food or something
I actually would have rather found a
finger in my food that would been
[ __ ] cool i' been like o I got the
zombie meal cuz it's close to Halloween
but no no no that's not it but what's
wrong well um I have a question for you
if you had to guess what we ordered from
Wendy's what would you guess well I'd
say probably a number one you know just
a Dave single pretty standard stuff what
would you do if I told you that this is
actually the SpongeBob cry Patty meal oh
yeah I heard about that is it good well
I mean you look at it I mean do you see
anything SpongeBob do you see any CB
patties well now that you mention it no
it doesn't say anything SpongeBob on it
that's why I want to sue Wendy's for
false advertising cuz apparently this is
the Krabby Patty crusty Krab goober meal
and there's literally no SpongeBob no
nothing and that's false advertising
that's [ __ ] up that is [ __ ] up they
can do that oh okay well let me go on
Tik Tok and do some research and I'll
get back to you I hope we have a case
Hey kid so I found these uh videos on
Tik Tok of people who maybe got the
experience you were for see this guy's
got the box and like a cup there is that
what you wanted what he got the goober
box how'd you get the goober box I I
don't know but it does seem like a few
people got it see he's got the fry box
what Joseph look at he's got the he's
got the Goofy Goober box dude I want the
Goofy Goober box wait a minute oh hell
no Chef peee ordered the wrong [ __ ]
thing I knew he didn't order the right
thing he's a damn idiot Chef peee get
your ass in here now J don't you ever
call my name like that again or I'll
beat your [ __ ] ass well maybe I'm not a
stupid ass dumb Chef like you because
you definitely did not order the C Patty
meal Chef Pee Pee yes the hell I did
what are you talking about well look at
these Tik toks look look these people
got the goober box look these people got
the SpongeBob box that Spongebob's face
on a box why are they having a goober
time why am I not a goober I don't know
look I can't control what the lady hands
me okay well I just don't understand
because are you you you sweared on your
life that you ordered three crabby patty
meals yes I did I order exactly what you
told me to order three Krabby Patty
meals then why the hell did they hand us
these bum ass brown bags and these
people have the goober boxes these
people have the crab patty meals I I
don't know Junior just out of my hands
hey I just like to point out that even
if they gave you the right box that's
still the product you would have gotten
and that's not a crabby patty it's not a
cry Patty but you know I would have felt
a little bit better if I opened up a
SpongeBob box I could have kept the box
I could have said oh this is so cool I I
honestly it probably would have tasted
differently if it came in a SpongeBob
box I still want to sue okay I'll see
what I can do I [ __ ] hate I hate
Wendy's I [ __ ] hate them I [ __ ]
hate you so what is all this about well
you see I have a client in Florida that
wants to sue you because he's
disappointed with his Krabby Patty meal
see he didn't get the special box or the
packaging or any of that and the burger
just doesn't even look like a crabby
patty I understand B button Ronald what
are you doing here I came to watch this
[ __ ] show I mean wow just wow you really
screwed the pooch on this one Wendy I
mean you had a layup with Michael
freaking Jordan on your team and you
decided to shoot the half court shot let
let me tell you how I would have oh here
we go firstly every single meal would
come with a Crusty Crab shaped PX oh
that's cool I like that don't him H you
open that [ __ ] up and you pull out a
crabby patty I'm talking a Double
Quarter Patty with cheese meal sesame
seed bun as [ __ ] every meal would come
with their own kelp fries just normal
fries who gives the [ __ ] and every meal
would come with the diet Dr kelp Dr PE
and we would forget it every single time
for the joke listen Knowle frosties are
delicious pineapple frosties yeah the
delicious if you like to taste a piss
you tell me what episode of SpongeBob
did he ever sell a pineapple Frosty
there isn't one there isn't one and
let's talk about the toys every
McDonald's meal will come with a toy do
you know what that is no no she doesn't
unless you're talking about the toys in
the bedside
dresser I'm talking Mr SpongeBob Square
box I'm talking squidy Mr Crab planting
all those toys and if you get the
planted meal you don't get a burger cuz
he stole it and they wouldn't care
they'd be happy cuz they got the toy and
then they'd have to go back to
McDonald's and buy another meal do you
see how ridiculous this is he doesn't
even know the names of the characters
yeah I don't know the names of the
characters anyway
you go talk to Nickelodeon and you tell
them when they want it done right
Daddy's right here baby yeah please
whatever you do go to Burger King first
Burger King my
ass that's
all listen tell your client we're going
to get these boxes and and bags and
everything out to our clients in our
restaurants as soon as possible so just
please don't don't do anything with him
please he's an [ __ ] I can't stand him
okay I'll let him know hey so Wendy says
give them a few weeks and they might
have some goober
boxes that's going to be so stupid
everyone else has already been a Goofy
Goober and we didn't get any of the
Goofy Goober
boxes guys post a comment if you got the
SpongeBob box cuz we tried every [ __ ]
location near us and like even an hour
away and no one had the SpongeBob box no
one just [ __ ] stupid dum
[Music]