Oh class today is alton crafts day and
we're gonna be doing and sounds like he
said arts and crafts marching crab
junior already got the crap park done
right here mom Bakr so crass let me show
you what you're gonna be doing today
force you're gonna get yourself up here
paper so goo and some grit off you're
gonna take the boob and just put it all
over just like that yeah you're gonna
take your will and you're gonna put it
all over the pebble hey Cody if your mom
was that piece of paper then the glitter
would be fact cuz she's covered in fact
oh you know I really like that you can
take anything and make it into a my mom
is fat joke then you'll pick up the
piece of paper and you shake it like a
girl booty in a music video for Andy it
reveals your hidden message so get
started cross oh man I can't wait to get
started
um Cody could I borrow a piece of paper
Joseph why don't you ever have your own
paper cuz I'm poor Cody I know I just
like to hear you say it what tell me I'm
honky first
oh you're hunky Cody is ready Oh Mitch
I'm on glitter I don't want to get my
hand all sparkly
mmm what can I use oh oh I know
kind of get the boogers off of it oh man
you clear me my paints all sparkling hey
doofus I dedicate my picture to you cuz
you're a doofus you know what how about
you shut your nose like pirate ship
cannonballs looking face up pirate ship
cannonball huh
that's a new one well how would you like
it if you were a pirate wow you actually
thought that was good yeah did you turn
me into a pirate I'm doing well you
still be a doofus you scallywag I wrote
a song for you ooh who is a big doofus
sitting in front of
daddy who is stupid and really ugly is
JP you're not gonna sing spongebob songs
at me I'll show you I want a bigger
picture down going oh you're looking for
a swordfight aria well you'll never get
me buried treasure you don't even have
your sea legs yeah
teacher he just swab the deck with me
boo TV yeah whoa this thing's cool looks
like a wizard with this thing hey junior
and doing huh
I made you something well I made you
something - cool it's your mom do it I
mean why me the most so I can grade it
except for you Jeffy you get because you
beat up the nice pirate you know what
teacher Jeffy don't you put your pencil
at me the teacher just turn the
Charizard it's red I guess school's out
there yeah hey buddy hey Jeff how was
school today at school so big fat hairy
guy came into class and you say you're
always are Jeffy and gave me this wand
so now I'm Jeffrey Potter and I can turn
people in this stuff with this wand whoa
Jeff you put glitter all over your
pencil that's cool guys did you not hear
what I said
I could turn people and stuff with this
bond sure you can Jeffy I don't turn you
into a kid you just turned into a lion
I told you I could do it Danny now works
hemorrhoid at what yeah the girl from
Harry Potter Hermione
yeah hemorrhoid daddy's working tell me
I'm not to be alive
turn me back I don't know how many
you're just doing but the thing well I
don't know how I make it
backwards I'm a call I'm a call doctor
right now
hey there did somebody call a doctor
all right yes I called a doctor wait are
you a lion yes my son
Jeffy turned me into a lion with his
pencil I think you might be a lion no
I'm not lying
well if you're not a lion then what are
you a genie back
well if he turned you into a lion with
his pencil can't he just erase it
why did you Maul the right side of my
head you're making stupid jokes well the
people will laughing I'm sorry you don't
appreciate good comedy look I just wanna
get turned back to normal
well if your son turned you into a lion
with his pencil why can't he just change
you back he said doesn't work well he
should at least try Jeffy at least try
to hurt me back with a pencil he can
actually turn people into stuff yeah but
you didn't believe me you thought I was
lying hey kid hey kid can you fix the
right side of my head with that thing
this is not what I had in mind
Jeffy you talk about your dragon yeah I
can't control it just does what it wants
to do well at least he fixed your head
yeah yeah I guess he did through that I
got this big Philly tongue though too
big for my mouth I keep biting it every
time I talk I got a speech impediment
Jeffy you better find a way to fix us I
didn't get you through we don't want to
be a zombie and a dragon for the rest of
our lives
barring Danny I'll go figure out how
fast yeah what are you gonna do now I
don't know
you know fly around burn some villages
marry a donkey
you know dragons stuff I don't know what
to do
hey you uh you wanna hop on my back and
fly to McDonald's sure let's go all
right guys are you ready to play step
cups why cuz fun Cody whoever sucks the
most cousin Isobel wins
seems like chores well you know I'm down
dude with any punished bum for me
because because you're poor we get yeah
you're poor Joey we get it's getting old
anyway we're gonna start on the count of
three well actually uh you just drop her
said you lost Wow
yeah you lost so you lost Joseph yeah
hey what up GA not much CD rock down
problem in the house what the Brad MS
I've gotten this magic pencil it turns
people any things but I don't know how
to turn them back but what are you
talking about and let me show you
oh my god I'm gorgeous whoa
Geoffrey you turned him into the Little
Mermaid he's not the Little Mermaid dude
The Little Mermaid is black oh yeah I
forgot
well anyway that's so cool Jeffy turn
Joseph into something oh yeah arena shop
they do tell me something okay
Oh Jemmy you've turned into a mr. forte
there with no arms he only has a tongue
piece yeah turn you guys back why would
you want to yeah this is so cool gonna
be a big old train oh yeah yeah I'm
gonna go jump in the ocean see if I
could pick up some hunky dudes Oh can't
believe they kicked us out of McDonald's
I can I'm a dragon and you're a zombie
it's probably a good call on that part
well good thing I got the managers brain
hey you want to play operation oh sure
you can go first
all right don't touch the side my hands
are too big
did you find a way to fix us no but I
did turn my friend stuff check yours
totally just brought the fight a way to
fix us
I'm sorry day oh I am getting kind of
hungry
we got info well the only thing I got to
eat his brains yeah you want to try it
yesterday Joey oh my god well let me
find you something healthy to eat hold
on all right just be here just salad Oh
baby arugula Japanese shut up and eat
your baby arugula oh my turn this into
something better mold on it even better
Manny what kept you at least wash your
hands before you eat a big dish you do
gently wash your hands I don't we
getting sick fine Danny wash my hands
gonna wash my hands my foot wash my
pencil too
since I want to eat my chocolate cake
what
Oh clean come on go eat my chocolate
cake alright it's my turn
let me see the thing you're back to
normal
wait you're back to normal - what
happened Jeffy how'd you fix us Oh what
you fix it look we're back in normality
pick this but wait huh there's no
glitter on your pet so anymore oh oh oh
wait I got away from chocolate okay
everything's back normal yeah I just
hope this video didn't drag on too long
[Applause]
dragged on like he were a dragon right
yeah
[Music]