Jeffy come look all the presents are
under the Christmas tree are all these
presents for me they sure are buddy look
how many all that
um 36 56 was last year I got 57. I want
two new peasants but Jeffy these
presents are already so big
they are listen this is what we'll do
when we go out we'll buy you two new
presents
present can you guys please stop quoting
Harry Potter sorry Marvin so you guys
got me all these presents yes we did
Jeffy so you can win Santa Claus comes
he's gonna bring me even more presents
of course Jeffy yay best Christmas ever
no Jeffy you're 18 years old it's time
for you to know Marvin what baby we
gotta rip this Band-Aid off it's 18
years old no Marvin stop it what are you
guys talking about
um what he was saying was that we got a
letter from Santa and he told us that
you're on the nice list he did can I see
the letter
um uh when you when you read the letter
the words disappear has invisible ink on
it well then can I see your piece of
paper no the paper blows up after you
read it
what Danny how does Santa Claus know
what I want for Christmas because I
never went and told him what I wanted oh
Santa knows what you want he can hear
what you're thinking he knows when
you're sleeping you know the song Why
did you know that if I didn't tell him I
need you to take me so I can tell Santa
Claus for Christmas right now no Santa
Claus is busy it's Christmas Eve he's
getting his sleigh ready and he's
yelling at his elves he has a lot to do
today well he's had the most you can
take me there right now and I can tell
him no no the mall is so packed on
Christmas Eve how about you write a
letter and say what you want and we'll
ship it to him well if I Rhino later it
won't get there in time okay how about
you just tell us what you want and we'll
tell him we have his phone number no I
dude take me to them all right now so I
could just handle goes what I want for
Christmas oh come on Marvin let's just
go okay fine we'll go to the mall get in
the car hurry up okay Jeffy we made it
hey you here for pictures yes we are
here for pictures all right just have a
seat say cheese no no we want pictures
with Santa Claus Santa Claus yeah Santa
Claus oh we stopped doing that weeks ago
man weeks ago
I don't get what are we talking about
well it's the day before Christmas man
all the Santas are at home with their
family
you gotta have a Santa Claus around here
somewhere sorry man all you have is me
in this chair and don't make fun of my
costume it's a child's large legs isn't
that fun I can dance I just need you to
like call up a Santa Claus please
there's something you gotta do listen
Jeffy really wants to talk to Santa
Claus I mean listen man I can listen
yeah unless you have money what money
yeah if you pay me maybe I can find you
a Santa Claus
oh
all I have is 100 okay yeah that'll
that'll work uh let me just call my
buddy Tim you guys just go hang out at
Cinnabon or something oh Jeffy come on
they're getting Santa Claus we have to
wait over here okay
you better page be good yeah I'm sorry
Tim I'm sorry it's so last minute oh
sitting on my couch eating potato chips
yeah I know I know how much you love
your chips I'm sorry it'll be real quick
that sounds great just put your beard on
get ready
okay we're ready for the next kid okay
Jeffy there's Santa Claus Santa Claus oh
Lord what's your name young man
Jeffy Tom your name Oh Come here boy
take a seat okay and what do you want
for Christmas I have to whisper it to
you okay
don't don't yell at Santa please Jeffy
whisper it okay
oh no oh Lord how about how about we
just give you a candy cane are you gonna
get it for me Santa will do his best I
want your beer
no Santa's just shaved so he couldn't
get his beard in time that's the real
said he just what did you do with the
real Santa Claus you impossible the real
Santa Claus
oh what a nightmare Daddy what did they
do with the real Santa Claus you always
a fake Santa Claus now Santa Claus smell
like Pepto Bismol and bad decisions and
Jeffy listen look that that Santa Claus
was a messenger Santa so all the malls
Across America they hire messenger
Santas to find out what kids want and
then they tell the real Santa right well
I want you to call Santa Claus because
you said you ain't Santa going his phone
number so call him well he's busy
Santa Claus isn't real
what are you talking about you [ __ ]
does that mean Santa Claus he's not real
you're 18 years old it's time for you to
know
how are you gonna break everything in
the kitchen
we can eat 18 years old he's screaming
at me I don't know what to say to him
anymore
oh come on guys
[ __ ]
Jimmy
[Music]
oh let me call someone hey there
somebody call an elf yes I need your
help because you caused a problem in my
life but what did I do well you had that
stupid fake Santa Claus at the mall and
then when my son pulled his beard off my
son freaked out and cried and then I
told him Santa wasn't real because I
didn't want him to cry anymore well it
sounds like it's your fault for telling
him Santa's not real no it's your fault
for hiring a crappy Santa well I'm sorry
I didn't have the real Santa at the mall
on Christmas Eve what can you call the
real Santa no baby because Santa's not
real is way too busy today what well yes
Hannah's very busy it's Christmas Eve he
has to load up his sleigh and then
deliver presence to the Republic of
teary body or some [ __ ] that that's
where the day first starts I like your
Jingle Bell thank you okay so you're
telling me that you could actually get a
hold of Santa Claus no I'm saying I
can't because he's too busy well then
you have to find a way to get a hold of
me you're an elf you can find a way to
talk to him you know I'm not really an
elf right I just work at the mall and
take pictures listen can you please help
me my son's breaking the plate and
screaming and crying please get a hold
of Santa what do you think we could do
well the only thing I can think of is we
kidnap the Tooth Fairy what the Tooth
Fairy yeah the Tooth Fairy is Santa
Claus's daughter not a lot of people
know that but she is oh yeah yeah Santa
and Mrs Claus had a daughter and they
named a tooth so her name was tooth
Claws and that was kind of scary
especially because she collected teeth
and she collected claws like whenever
cats got declawed she would collect
their claws and give them money but
their cats so they didn't need the money
so she stopped doing that but anyway
they decided tooth claws was too scary
so they named her the Tooth Fairy
because that's a lot cuter okay so you
just created another problem how do we
get the Tooth Fairy here no that's easy
we just got to put somebody's tooth
under a pillow okay well I don't have
any teeth me neither oh I got one in my
pocket hold on there you go whose tooth
is that I don't know some kid why do you
have some kid's tooth in your pocket oh
well I work at the mall right as an elf
so there's a lot of kids around so this
one kid ran up to me and he was like elf
boy Elf boy and he kept throwing candy
canes at me and I was like listen here
little [ __ ] if you don't knock it off
I'm gonna punch you in the mouth and
knock your teeth out and then he stomped
on my foot so I popped him in the mouth
and knocked his tooth out and he ran
away crying and I was like now you're
useless and Toothless you little [ __ ]
so then I kept the tooth to warn anybody
else who wants to mess with me that this
used to be in someone's mouth until they
met me I'm him I'm Timothy Jimmy John's
oh okay so how do we get the Tooth Fairy
here oh that's easy where's your
comfiest bed just put it under the
pillow and I'll take a nap come on okay
all right here's the bed okay so let's
just take this tooth and then put it
under the pillow and I can just tuck
myself in do you have any warm milk no
okay well I don't know how I'm gonna
sleep without any warm milk listen we
have to catch the Tooth Fairy okay then
hi bro
oh I'm asleep I sure am sleeping I could
for the tooth get a Marvin
only a quarter for that tooth you know
what I had to do I had to punch
you and now we're gonna kidnap you yeah
oh [ __ ] where'd you go I forgot she can
poop well she can poop we had to kidnap
her yeah hey but look we have a quarter
and we still have the tooth so we win
she's dumb haha okay how are we gonna
get Santa Claus to come here then I
don't know let's just go back on the
couch
Marvin where's the Tooth Fairy we tried
kidnapping her but she poofed away yeah
but we got one of a quarters though so
we robbed the Tooth Fairy yeah we robbed
the Tooth Fairy you did what Santa Claus
how long you've been standing there long
enough how dare you try to kidnap my
daughter on the eve of Christmas no no
no no we weren't trying to kidnap your
daughter we were just trying to uh uh
take one of her quarters yeah yeah cause
she she has the best quarters like this
one's 1972 that that's rare I think you
can't like to be I'm Santa Claus all
annoying I know when you're sleeping I
know when you're awake I know what's
even bad or good it'll be good for
goodness sake Santa just tried to smash
you he did this match he did the sun to
smash he did the smash it was a North
Pole but he did the smash he came in a
Flash
nothing it was his idea get him
fine go back to the North Pole I I work
at JCPenney okay I'm going
on excuse me please don't give me work
something out oh no you're dead what
you're so dead why yeah
what does that even mean come here and
find out I sucked this candy cane so it
was sharp maybe you can use like as a
weapon or something holy throw it to me
uh you know what maybe I'll just stab
myself
what did I do I feel so bad I was out of
here I'm out of here
said are you okay of course I'm not okay
I got stabbed in the neck I'll die this
should have been you yeah it's really
Santa Claus uh yeah and he's dying oh
Santa Claus is dying can I get you
anything Santa Claus boy yes for my wish
for my dying wish I would like some milk
and cookies okay
it's a cookie Santa Claus
yeah I'm a lie it is all things to you
how can I ever repay you well there is
something I want for Christmas maybe
whatever it is
done
[Applause]
this pole smells like a Captain D's hush
puppy Jeffy I can't believe you wasted
your wish on a stripper well she's a
free stripper because I don't have to
pay her and daddy guess what there's
something wrong with her underwear
what's wrong with it or not in my mouth
oh my God you're so funny well Jeffy at
least you're having a good Christmas who
wants a lap dance right here oh Danny
I'm gonna need you to leave so she can
give me the second part of my Christmas
gift I'm out of here well I'm just glad
I didn't kill Santa oh man I don't think
I could have lived with myself you know
and I was really worried that I would
become Santa like Tim Allen did in that
movie I'm not ready for that kind of
responsibility that's a lot of work
anyway thanks for watching everybody
Merry Christmas I hope you got what you
wanted and if you didn't that's that's
life that just happened sometimes at
least we all have each other yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]