oh man I can't wait to watch the Miami
Heat win tonight but boy the up and down
three to one well yes but that's because
Jimmy Butler wants a challenge you see
because the only team to come back from
a three to one deficit was LeBron James
and Jimmy Butler wants to outdo him but
Boyne what would happen if they were to
lose they're not gonna lose Karen you
know why because you can't spell heat
without heat which is what Jimmy Butler
is going to do to those nuggets just
like I'm gonna do to these nuggets I'm
gonna eat them up
suck well not these nuggets these
nuggets are delicious I mean the Denver
Nuggets suck hey Karen guess what it's
grimace's birthday today what you know
Grimace Ronald McDonald's friend today's
his birthday oh the purple one yeah it's
his birthday and you know what he wanted
for his birthday for the heat to win I
don't believe you Boyne I think you're
lying no no I'm not lying because me and
Grimace are friends we talk all the time
as a matter of fact that's why he gave
me his birthday shake
no because you doubted the heat because
we are gonna win tonight because of
Jimmy buckets he's gonna make us win
he's gonna beat those nuggets watch he's
gonna eat them up
hey pointy who won your game
boy me
oh you didn't finish your chicken
nuggets did they hurt your belly
well who won your basketball game boy
name they're not good oh my gosh he lost
is that what you said no Karen if we had
lost together as a team I wouldn't be
sad I'd say well we tried no Karen I'm
sad because Jimmy Butler decided to
choke the biggest fattest girthiest
veiniest dick
oh he did Karen he did it right there
out in the court in front of God and
everybody they even caught it on video
you want to see I warn you it's pretty
graphic so Shield your eyes
there's Jimmy Butler we're down by one
he's right under the goal we just need a
two-pointer and then all of a sudden he
goes here you go other team you take the
ball maybe you'll know what to do with
it I just want to start choking on giant
throbbing hey well he did Karen you saw
it boy need that one
no you're right Karen it wasn't just
that one plate it was also this one see
we're down by three we just need a three
to tie it I don't know why the [ __ ] they
put the ball in Jimmy's hands he's been
sucking all night and then Jimmy says
maybe if I throw the ball as fast as I
can in the general direction of the goal
while I'm covered and there's somebody
right in my face I can get back to
sucking throbbing veiny giant cut it out
well Karen you saw the footage they
always have next year no they don't
Karen we weren't even supposed to be
here this year we just got lucky but
whatever
cost us the game hibby shouldn't have
stayed his ass on the bench we were
doing better without him pointy
pointing that you love him loved past
tense I hate him now but boydy what
about the back of your joy say you want
to marry him yeah well now I want a
divorce
from him Karen pointy I think you just
need to go lie down yeah I'm gonna go
lie down on the railroad tracks in front
of a train so I get run over
I'm gonna go take a shower because I've
been wearing this garbage bag all night
and I probably smell like [ __ ] because
Jimmy was playing like [ __ ] are you
[ __ ] kidding me Jimmy
boy knee you're gonna have to turn the
water on if you're gonna take a shower
no I don't my tears will be the water
it's the game oh that wasn't even a game
that was just hand the ball to the
Denver Nuggets so they can score and win
and get their Rings while Jimmy claps
for them and hands them their trophy and
don't forget he sucked them all off
pointy don't stop that again and take a
jersey off it's gonna get wet I can't
take it off it's melted to my body from
the heat of that giant steaming [ __ ]
pile that Jimmy left out on the court
you know I didn't even know he was that
backed up it's probably from all the
coffee what have I told you about the
coffee yet no Bonnie you're talking
nonsense either get take a shower or get
out okay
hey boy knee I know it'll make you feel
better do you want to fool around I'm
gonna explain the coffee thing so Jimmy
has his own coffee company called big
face coffee and he wants to be the
biggest coffee brand in the world well
that's not gonna beat Starbucks boy me I
love them yeah maybe he should focus on
playing basketball you know because he's
a basketball player maybe if you win a
goddamn Championship people will want to
drink your coffee Jimmy imagine this
imagine saying I'm drinking NBA champion
Jimmy Butler's coffee doesn't that sound
better than I'm drinking NBA loser Jimmy
Butler's coffee you can't even beat
nuggets Jimmy how you expect to beat the
Frappuccinos pumpkin spice pumpkin spice
with sweet bus okay boy calm down let's
just get some sleep God damn it Jimmy
get your priorities straight body oh no
I'm just trying to do the math do the
math here with me Karen let me figure
this out I don't want to do the math boy
name we're gonna figure this out tell me
why on game day he would decide to play
cards with his friends while drinking
coffee instead of going down to the
court at five o'clock in the morning and
shooting some hoops you know that's
Kobe's [ __ ] but not Jimmy Butler no he
wants to drink as much coffee as he and
so he can have big IBS shits during the
game boy if you're not going to bed
leave the room because I'm tired you
know who's not tired Jimmy Butler
because he's been drinking coffee all
day and he didn't use up that energy on
the court so hmm I wonder where all that
energy is going oh I know I bet he's
gonna use all that energy to suck big
fat girthy good night pointy
didn't try
what the [ __ ] was that I could do that
pay me a hundred million dollars to
throw a ball at a hoop and just hope and
drink coffee and play cards with my
buddies hey Dad oh no don't look
Penelope you're not old enough Daddy's
watching an adult movie no you're not
you're just watching basketball no I'm
watching naughty coffee Barista takes on
Burley five-man basketball team what are
you talking about oh you don't see what
that grown man is doing to all the men
on that other team
um missing a bunch of basketball shots
oh yeah he's doing a lot of that but
where is his mouth what well you see
Penelope when two basketball players
love each other very much they suck each
other off and Jimmy must love the
Nuggets because he's the only one
sucking ew dad go get me my lighter what
go get me my Goddamn lighter and a pen
and some lighter fluid why
your dad and why did you want all this
stuff I'm burning my jersey don't you
think you're taking this basketball game
a little too seriously hey well at least
somebody's taking it seriously because
Jimmy sure didn't he thought that was
practice he thinks the game's tomorrow
is it no it was tonight and they lost
because Jimmy thought it was opposite
day he thought the team with the least
points won he thought he was playing
golf oh so he lost Penelope get the hell
out of here you're starting to piss me
off fine I loved this jersey but Jimmy
doesn't love basketball no he loves
coffee so this is what happens to this
jersey make sure I throw a lot of this
on there I don't want to burn nice and
good
goodbye Jimmy
what the hell are you doing running my
jersey
what the hell is wrong with him what the
hell were you thinking boy and he's
starting a fire well at least some heat
showed up today that's not funny Bonnie
you could have burned the house house
down I didn't say it was funny none of
this is funny cut the crap
oh I'm afraid the sad eyes are gonna
stay
for a very long time until Jimmy Butler
wins a championship
guy wait you know my name then why do
you always call me Boyne I thought you
didn't know my name I don't call you boy
I call you boy why don't you call me
Brooklyn because that's my name
okay well I'm not gonna be a Brooklyn
Nets fan who am I going to root for Seth
Curry the lesser of the curries the
underachieving one he's the brother of
Steph Curry and I guess if you say his
name fast enough it sounds like that I
think you got that wrong boy knee
Stephanie's a girl's name but look I'm
not gonna be a Brooklyn Nets fan well
Boyne why don't you go back to work get
your mind off things yeah there's an
idea everybody should do what they're
paid to do
throw it all away so that they can make
coffee have you even tried this coffee
Boise I don't know where the [ __ ] to buy
it Miami well that would make sense well
maybe if you won a championship people
would know where to buy his coffee
but yes you're right maybe you'll try to
go to work
hey nurse what do you got for me Chester
Cheetah
s again oh Manchester I think we should
give him some narcane and try to
resuscitate him well that sounds cool
hey could you check out this coffee I
made in the break room doctor I think we
should focus on the patient yeah you
would think that we should probably do
that because that's our jobs and that's
what we get paid to do but I want to try
to start a coffee company doctor I think
we're losing him just try it real quick
come on
it smells like a crappy cup of coffee do
you think I could beat Starbucks
oh well never mind then
how was your day at work Bonnie well I
did a better job than Jimmy I only
killed one person he killed the hearts
of every Miami Heat fan you killed
someone
yeah I tried the Jimmy method I got to
work and then started my own coffee
company what does that have to do with
killing someone what does it have to do
with basketball aren't they supposed to
drink Gatorade or some [ __ ] you know
coffee's a diuretic he was probably
dehydrated as [ __ ] I've never seen after
the Super Bowl people run up and dump a
bunch of coffee on their coach and give
them third degree burns boy need to
leave Jimmy Butler alone okay I mean it
Boyne what do you think he's doing right
now not pouting like you yeah of course
not he get paid 100 million dollars just
to drink coffee and give the ball to the
other team I'll get it
are you gonna go get it boy yeah go oh
I'm sorry I was giving a Jimmy amount of
effort hello hello there
Jimmy Butler what are you doing here
shouldn't you
shouldn't you Denver Nuggets houses
blowing them well it came by to explain
myself oh good because I was really
wondering why the hell you played like
dog [ __ ] tonight well you see the Denver
Nuggets have never won a championship
before but see the Miami Heat we've won
three so I felt bad enough let them win
well if that does explain why you passed
the ball directly to the other team when
we were only down by one yeah I tried to
hide that the best I could but whoops
whoops yeah yeah whoops well I mean I
guess I understand why you let him win
but did you really have to suck them off
too well listen see I'll try harder next
season and I'll win it all okay well
that is good to know yeah you want to
buy some coffee I would not but I
actually really recommend that you take
this and drink this instead on game day
well no thank you I like my coffee
please please take this no the coffee's
good for me no I'm literally begging you
Jimmy no you hold on to that for me
maybe practice next time no see you next
season okay Jimmy uh you didn't take it
who is at the door boy oh nobody just a
coffee salesman at this time
was it Jimmy Butler that was Jimmy
Butler here
[Music]