okay Marvin are you ready for movie
night yeah I can't wait to relax and
watch a movie with you hey Danny where
are the straws Jeffy don't bring a drink
in here you're gonna spill it I don't
want to you're gonna spill it okay fine
spell it cause you told me to no I
didn't yes you did you said you were
going to spill it and I said I don't
want to and you said you were going to
so then I spilled it I was only doing
what I was told
Marvin Marvin calm down Breathe No you
know what Jeffy you want to play hide
and seek yeah let's go play hide and
seek buddy okay Jeffy so we're gonna
play hide and seek and you're gonna be
the counter and me and Mommy are gonna
go hide so stand in the corner and count
to ten ten that's too hard then count to
five that's still too hard use your
finger I only have four
then count to four okay got it okay so
stay in the corner and count and me and
Mommy are gonna go hide and when you get
to four come looking for us but do not
go check the room with the red couch
that room is off limits we are not gonna
hide in the room with the red couch okay
okay
wine
seven
nine four all right I'm coming in up for
you oh I'm so bad what did you do I told
Jeffy we're playing hide and seek but
we're not playing hide and seek he's
looking for us and I told him that this
room was off limits so we can sit here
and watch a movie and he's not gonna
bother us Marvin that's mean no it's
smart because now we can watch a movie
and he's gonna be looking for hours and
then he might get bored and fall asleep
so let's just watch our movie
hmm where could they be I bet they're
behind the current
no I bet they're behind our pillows no
not that one or that one well your belly
underneath the cushions
what about just catch it nowhere could
they be Marvin I could hear Jeffy
looking around for us out there it's so
sad just focus on the movie but Marvin I
feel bad don't feel bad feel bad that he
poured water all over the couch I had to
wipe that up oh man I've looked
everywhere and I can't find them I guess
I'm gonna lose hide and seek I think I
hear him he must be in the wall the
perfect hiding spot I'm gonna find you
yeah
I think I see him in there what's that
noise it sounds like he's breaking
something Jeffy I'm coming Daddy
what the [ __ ] are you doing oh hey Danny
you give up well give up why are you
selling a hole in the wall because you
and Mommy were hiding in the wall no we
were dude where were you hiding in the
room with the red couch you said that
room is off limits are you cheated it
doesn't mean you saw all the goddamn
wall you idiot stop hitting me I'm not
hitting you yes you are you're hitting
me with your work and it hurts Jeffy get
your ass in that room right now is Mommy
still in the wall no no one was ever in
the wall show them why am I doing this
cause you're a [ __ ] that's fair I am
a [ __ ] come on Marvin what was all
that yelling what did you do what did I
do no Jeffy tell her what you did
happily mommy daddy lied to me because
he told me that we're gonna be playing
hide and seek and that this room was off
limit so I started looking around the
entire house except for this room
because this room was supposed to be off
limits right daddy you yes exactly so
then I hear voices and not the voices
that are in my head but your voices and
it sounds like they're coming from the
wall so then I take a crowbar to that
hoe and then I start taking a saw and
saw on the wall to help you guys get out
so if you're wondering why I did this
[ __ ] Behavior it's because daddy
lied to me Marvin it does sound like it
was kind of your fault how because you
lie I just wanted to watch a movie with
you and it doesn't mean that Jeffy
should have sold a hole in the wall I
thought you were in the wall
ET in there I don't know I haven't seen
figures you know what I'm gonna call it
doctor to find out what's wrong with
your stupid head maybe there's some
medicine that'll make you think straight
and then I'll also call someone to patch
that hole in the wall hey there somebody
called Dr handyman see I'm a doctor and
a handyman well Dr handyman my son hit a
hole in the wall with a crowbar sounds
like [ __ ] Behavior hmm indeed so I
need you to fix the hole in the wall and
then fix my son's brain well one of
those things is much easier to fix than
the other one well can you start with
his brain that was the harder of the two
well can you do anything to his brain to
make him not act like that anymore well
maybe you should consider that maybe
he's just like this and you should learn
to accept him I do not want to accept
him can you do something to fix his
brain you know hmm well since you asked
twice I do have this mind control helmet
I stole from area 51. how did you get
the area 51 well they used to do tours
back before kovid covid ruined
everything but while I was there I stole
this so you put it on somebody's head
and they'll do anything you tell them to
do and I mean anything I mean I've done
unspeakable things with this helmet I
mean things that would put me away for a
long time so if I put this on Jeffy
don't do anything I want yeah it will
all right Jeffy put this on what if not
have to put it on all right okay Jeffy
has his helmet on now what well you just
take this remote and you hold the button
down and tell them what you want him to
do and he'll do it okay Jeffy say please
please Jeffy say thank you thank you oh
my God works you guys are using it for
lame stuff I thought this would be more
fun we just want Jeffy to behave and say
his manners well but he'll do anything
you tell him to do anything okay Jeffy
tell me about some bad stuff that you've
done that I don't know about every time
I hear the washing machine finish I go
downstairs and open the door and pee on
all the wet clothes so you think that
the clothes are wet from the water but
it's really wet from my pee that's why
my clothes are like dry piss oh my God
it does EW sometimes I take your
toothbrush and put a little bit of
toothpaste on it and brush underneath my
toenails and my gooch what's a gooch
it's the spot between your balls and
your butthole every Thursday night I go
outside and find a stray cat and I bring
it inside and rub its ass all over your
pillow that's why I feel like [ __ ] oh
okay you know I I don't want to hear
anymore Jeffy how about you go take a
shower and go to bed okay I will take a
shower and go to bed oh my God
I still think you guys are using this
for lame stuff I have fun when I do it
thank you guys for playing Miss man
AI oh yeah I'm having so much fun
playing the girl version of Monopoly but
Junior each space represents something a
woman invented oh yeah like the
dishwasher because women were tired of
doing it by hand and also the
retractable dog leaves because women
aren't strong enough to pull a real
leash well Junior they also invented
Wi-Fi thank you Cody whatever I'm just
glad you let me use the Amelia Earhart
piece hold on I gotta make it more
accurate go find her she's missing and
where's the space where you drop out of
college and start only fans hey guys oh
hey Jeffy what's up with the helmet well
my daddy put it on my head because he
controls my brain does
that made him think it think it does so
I screwed around with him for a little
bit and then I got bored and came in
here what's the last thing he asked you
to do well he told me to take a shower
and go to bed oh you should pretend the
water from the shower shorted at the
helmet and electrocuted you you should
pretend you died oh that's a good idea
I'm gonna go do that yeah that'd be
really cool
can we play a different game no one two
three four I declare a thumb war I got
you I got you [ __ ] okay get out I'll
give up how I win I am the thumb
wrestling champion all right you're next
whip out your thumb
um no I'm gonna go check on Jeffy make
sure he's okay you don't have to check
on him the hell no make sure he does
what you told him I'm gonna go check on
Jeffy your thumb is scared you're scared
of my powerful thumbs
here the unconscious
oh no the water probably short-circuited
the helmet and fried his brain oh my God
I don't know but it could be brain dead
there's only one thing we can do some
wrestle what no what no thumb wrestle me
[ __ ] no save Jeff y thumb wrestle man
I'll save them okay fine okay you win
yes I am undefeated I have conquered
every thumb that has crossed my path
we'll help Jeffy okay let me see let me
see well he has a pulse so he's not dead
but he could still be brain dead well
how do you fix brain dead well there's
not much but there is one thing in
medical school I learned this sick ass
nasty trap hip-hop song that could wake
up anybody but no way oh it's so hip and
it's so hot there's no way it's that
funky fresh oh yeah DJ spin that [ __ ]
with your brain dead ass up
wake it up
I said wake your brain dead ass [ __ ]
wake it up
get the [ __ ] up off the couch time to
get your body moving don't just sit
there and lay and slouch yeah your brain
might be gravy not coming back like it's
Brady but once you hear this sick ass
rap your brain will be fixed well maybe
with your brain dead ass up break it up
instead break your brain dead
wake your brain dead ass up wake it up
[Music]
just wake up that damn brain listen to
this rap that goes insane your brain's
all twisted like a hurricane get that
[ __ ] moving like a damn train when you
wake up we'll pop champagne get some
strippers and Make It Rain dropping
these bars like Lil Wayne the song that
didn't like cocaine might drop on your
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] really what Jeffy what's
up daddy what's your song works I told
you it would no actually this song
didn't do anything this helmet doesn't
work wait you're telling me that mind
control helmet doesn't actually work no
well that means all the people that suck
me off actually just wanted to wow I
feel a lot better about myself I thought
I was a monster wait wait wait wait so
you're saying that mind control helmet
doesn't work no I was faking it the
whole time wait so you were but we asked
you to do stuff and you did it yeah I
was just playing along what the so what
do we do now oh I'll tell you what we do
now we dumb wrestle
one two three four I declare a thumb war
okay okay you win you win yay I win damn
it I'm no longer undefeated okay how
about we get something productive done
today and you go fix that drywall oh
yeah well come on Jeffy damn Jeffy
that's a big ass hole and this hole in
the wall is pretty big too it's gonna be
hard to fix but luckily in handyman
school I learned a sick ass rap about
fixing drywall so DJ spin that [ __ ]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]