[Music]
everyone wake
up I just woke up man Jesus Marvin did
you even sleep yeah I just woke up I
said it no you didn't your eyes are all
bloodshot you were watching the old man
sleep all night weren't you n yes you
were you freak hey somebody kill Marvin
in the next game he's a freak it is time
to play the next game wait no breakfast
God this place sucks even holiday and
gives you free continental breakfast
give me some Froot Loops of something
you will be awarded a meal after the
next two games wait the next two it's
going to be like lunchtime by then and
what if I don't live that long I don't
want to die in an empty stomach well
what's the next game oh I bet it's a
staring contest I don't want to get
paired up with freak boy pick your
partners for the next game oh it's
definitely a staring contest I want the
old man he's going to fall asleep so I
can kill him well it looks like me and
you are Partners daddy want to f a
diaper beting contest which on
now wait what happened to him oh wow it
looks like he maybe he fell off his bunk
bed yeah maybe that's what that gunshot
was about oh man you can get shot while
you're sleeping follow me to the next
game luckily I don't sleep what marbles
oh a marble eaten contest of course
that's why they didn't let us eat
breakfast they didn't want us to spoil
our appetite for marbles marble eating
contest oh yeah we used to have these in
kindergarten all the time I could always
eat the most marbles I even out munched
Mabel the marble muncher let me tell you
about it so when I was in kindergarten
we would always eat marbles we weren't
supposed to and for legal purposes I
should say you shouldn't either because
they could cause an obstruction in your
bowels and you could die but for my
madeup store I used to eat marbles all
the time other kids would eat cereal for
breakfast but I would eat a bowl of
marbles there was this one girl named
Mabel the marble muncher she would keep
a pack of marbles in her pocket like
they were Skittles whenever she used the
bathroom it sounded like she was
shooting up the bathroom with a BB gun
her [ __ ] looked like Reese's Puffs one
day she challenged me to a marble eating
contest and I said you really want to do
this [ __ ] but the teacher heard me and
I got suspended so I didn't actually get
to beat her in the marble eating contest
and when I got back to school from being
suspended she had already moved away to
Maryland what was the point in this
story well there never really is one but
I know I would have beaten Mabel in that
marble eating contest if she didn't run
away to Maryland like a little [ __ ] I
will now explain the rules to the game
using your set of 10 marbles play the
game boring take your clothes off jeez
why do women want to Yap all the time
shut up she's telling us the
rules like I was saying using your set
of 10 marbles play the game of your
choice with your partner the player who
manages to take all 10 marbles from
their partner wins wait a minute that
means I have to kill Jeffy oh you're
going down daddy like my syndrome [ __ ]
what game you want to play Daddy I don't
want to play a game Jeffy oh I got an
idea how about whoever makes the best
smiley face wins go smiley face damn it
that means we can't do a marble eating
contest unless I eat all your marbles
you can't eat my marles H what game
should we play wait she said any game of
our choice right can we play fortnite I
could totally smoke this old man in 1 V
one on fortnite no you cannot play
fortnite you said any game of our choice
liar okay fine bring in a basketball
hoop I'll kick his ass in horse you can
only play a game using your marbles
nothing else God you're no help this
place sucks what kind of game are we
supposed to play with marbles I'm done
I'm done too can you come gr our smiley
faces no no no this is not how you play
the game you're supposed to take your
opponent's marbles but my smiley face
has a nose so it's more anatomically
correct so I win no the player with the
most marbles at the end of the game wins
but we both have 10 marbles so it's a
tie no you're supposed to take your
opponent's Marbles and how are we
supposed to do that you're supposed to
come up with a game to do that wait so
you guys have $400 billion and you
couldn't think of a few more games
you're just like here's some marbles
figure it out that's stupid if you
refuse to play the game you will be
eliminated [ __ ] I'm not refusing to
play I'm just saying you should tell us
what game to play like you did in the
last few [ __ ] games with the cookie
and [ __ ] and we'll play it okay fine
I'll give you an example even or odd
what what are you talking about we both
have 10 marbles it's a tie no you grab
marbles in your hand and your partner
guesses whether you have an even or odd
amount of marbles in your hand if they
get it right they take those marbles
from your hand if they get it wrong you
take that amount of marbles from them
and you [ __ ] lost me does anybody
understand what she just said hey can we
just do cookies again I think I know how
to do that one without breaking them now
no you can't play the cookie game again
okay what about this game throwing
player who throws their marbles the
farthest wins do do I win can I have
breakfast now
hey you can't shoot me I didn't lose
listen if you can't handle this job
maybe you should go back to making
cookies like is there another shape face
person we could be talking to like is
there a star man or like a trapezoid man
or a parallelogram man or like a do
decahedron man if you don't stop talking
I will shoot you yeah I doubt it I mean
that's got to be against the rules and
there's only four of us left so you
definitely wouldn't do that in the last
few rounds collect your partner's
marbles in 2 minutes or you die see I
told you she wouldn't shoot me okay
seriously guys we have to think of a
game we only have 2 minutes well I think
I'm pretty committed to the marble
throwing game your turn old man like to
see you beat that with your crippled old
arms I bet you can't even throw a grain
of sand if your life depend oh oh okay
all right you want to throw marbles do
you [ __ ] well I'll have you know I even
beat Marty the marble thrower in
elementary school let me tell you about
them I don't want to hear another one of
your Dam stories oh okay okay yeah no
you just want to die well they don't
call me Brooklyn guy the marble for
Miles thrower for nothing they call me
that cuz I throw him for Miles check
this out [ __ ] it slipped out of my hand
that doesn't count it counts it no no no
no I get to do it again I made up the
game I can make up the rules she's not
even watching
anyway okay well that one does have to
count but I'm going to do better next
time Jeff have you thought of a game yet
all right dadd check it I have a certain
number of marbles in my ass and if you
guess that number correct you get those
marbles I don't want marbles in your ass
to me all right well then the rest of
them we're going in there no oh come on
you're cheating guys he's cheating how
is he Che cheating cuz he's throwing the
marbles farther than me which shouldn't
be possible cuz he's so old you know
what I want to play a different game you
couldn't even think of a run okay well
how about this we'll play we'll play the
odd and even game how many Marvels am I
holding don't look uh four even [ __ ] no
no that's wrong I got I got odd three I
just saw you take a marble out of your
hand and put it on the ground well how
did you see that unless you were looking
which is against the rules does that
mean you were cheating ma'am he was
cheating at the game we were playing n-
I am so tired of hearing your voice but
man man man listen listen he he was
cheating we were doing we were doing the
the throwing game and he threw farther
than me and so he's definitely somehow
cheated and then we were doing the odd
and even game and I told him not to look
and then he looked when I dropped one
cuz he got the answer right these games
are just so confusing you are making the
games I know uh ma'am excuse me Jeffy
put all 10 of his marbles in his ass and
said if I guessed the number I'd win
those but I know I mean obviously the
answer is 10 but I don't want 10 shitty
marbles actually there's nine marbles in
my ass and one marble in my hand so you
owe me nine of your marbles okay but but
ma' that doesn't count I wasn't going to
put my hand in his ass I don't care how
you do it but you better have 20 marbles
by the time the clock hits zero 20
marbles how are we supposed to do that
you take them from your Park but they're
way over there can you pass them to us
I'm leaving the room and I will come
back when the game is over all right
daddy how many marbles are in my stinker
now Jeffy I only have one marble left if
you get that I die I'm like a Hungry
Hungry Hippo in this [ __ ] y y y stop it
all right old man I'm tired of these
games let's do one more throw and
whoever throws at the farthest gets all
the marbles okay you're on okay I throw
first all right Brooklyn guy you can do
this [ __ ] [ __ ] me time to
[Applause]
die I win I win ma'am ma'am I win he
loses no no boss did you really lose you
just called him boss yeah it's true I
have lost okay shoot him no no wait no
please don't shoot me in this room in
front of everybody take me somewhere
else well that's weird we got to see
everybody else get shot all right boss
come with me thank you but did you guys
hear that she she called him boss twice
and I don't think she's really going to
shoot him I'm telling you something's up
with him all right Dany put that marble
in your ass and let me guess how many's
up there oh no Jeffy I'm going to die
one
Bingo I'm going to die Marvin you could
just take mine and the old man's marbles
then you'll have 20 wait I can do that
yeah sure why not okay get over here uh
ma'am we're done who has 20 marbles um
we both do what that's not possible yeah
cuz I gave Marvin mine in the old man's
marbles what you can't do that well you
can't just make up new rules I didn't
need mine you said whoever had 21 but
okay you know have fine who cares you
all win yeah we move on to the final
three he hey Marvin we made it to the
final three I mean I knew me and Jeffy
would make it cuz we have plot armor but
I'm really surprised you're here I mean
I did have to help you out in that last
round but now I just need to convince
two people to be my friends so I can
stab them in the back and get them
killed I heard you this time oh yeah and
what are you going to do about it we're
enemies now guess who made it to the
final four no no no no you died I know
it looked like I died but they healed me
and patched me out cuz they needed
someone into the next round okay did
rules mean nothing here he should have
had to do that marble game what marble
game oh it was [ __ ] [ __ ] you
couldn't even eat the marbles you had to
like count them or throw them or put
them in your ass or something what the
[ __ ] the game was easy you're just
stupid and then you have her making fun
of you the entire time yeah I wonder
what the next game is oh I'll tell you
what the next game is they probably give
us a piece of paper and tell us to do it
because that's what the last one was
because they can't think of good games
how about you take some of the money out
of the piggy and use it to buy better
games like Uno or Connect 4 or heads up
seven up or tag or or or hide-and-seek
literally anything would be better okay
shut up I will find out what the next
game is and also what happened to the
old man like they kept calling him boss
and they didn't even shoot him yeah he
was definitely running these games I bet
he's still alive
[Music]