all right craft this week we are going
to be doing a canned food drive which
means we're going to be donating cans of
food to the less fortunate that means
you Joseph heck yeah dude that means I
finally get to eat no more cockroaches
uh-huh so if you have any cans of food
at your house that your parents are
wearing to donate then bring them in and
if you bring in a lot of cans of food
you could get a toy from the toy box a
toy box is that a Thomas the T kchen no
way dude is that Buzz Light I want the
pony no the pony's mine is that a DVD
box set of Brandy and Mr Whiskers and
tech deex oh I want the whole box wait
you're telling me that if I get rid of
my green beans I get toys that is the
tits so bring in as many cans tomorrow
as you can it can be any food it could
be green beans it could be Spaghetti O
whatever you want as long as it's not
open hey Cody why' you steal a toy from
the toy box what are you talking about I
didn't steal a toy right here Cody this
is a toy oh I see this is a common
misconception no that's not a toy that's
actually my boyfriend Cody this is a toy
and the only place that you would have
gotten it is from the toy box what no
that's not true guys tell him that's my
boyfriend no he definitely stole that
[ __ ] he got out of the box and all he
got Sticky Fingers yeah I saw him take
it what what the [ __ ] guys Cody if you
want this toy from the toy box and you
have to bring in 10 cans of food
tomorrow what 10 cans of food drive
where am I going to get 10 cans of food
you don't have 10 cans of food in your
kitchen well I think we have some
SpaghettiOs but I don't know if we have
have 10 cans well I know Chef peip has a
bunch of cans and I'm going to get that
Thomas and the breny and Mr Whiskers and
the techex uh bro can you li me a couple
cans I really want that blood light year
and you know a niggaer to got to eat you
feel me yeah I'm going to get as many
cans I can from Chef's Pantry well
Junior you should give those cans to me
because you're the reason I lost can
okay look if we have enough cans we'll
get can but we're going to get my toys
first come on guys frying chicken in a
pan frying chicken cuz I can fry fry fry
fry fried chicken in it [ __ ] scrap my
ass whenever I itch fry fry F
da Friday ho Friday ho Friday ho Friday
ho is he saying Friday ho I think he's
saying fry that hoe oh
okay that's supposed to be like the
Pearly Gates like like there's so many
cans like what we saw is heaven yeah
know cuz we need cans yeah yeah I get it
look at all these cans Cody that's all
of cans I think that's enough cans to
get all the toys I'm wanting because I
get the Thomas and I get the Brin and Mr
Whiskers well we also have enough cans
to get Ken I'm not going to waste him
cans to get cans it's going to take 10
cans and that Thomas is easily a 20 can
toy and Brandon Mr Whiskers is 10 cans
and then probably the tech decks are
five cans each so I'm not going to waste
10 cans on your stupid K doll well
Junior you already have so many Thomases
you don't need another one well you've
already had so much can you don't need
them anymore there's only one can and
you've had a lot of use with them and
it's your fault he was taken from me so
you owe me these cans well you need to
go to your own house and get your own
cans cuz these cans I need all these
cans for my toys but you have at least
10 cans right here let me just have
those and you can have the rest stop
pocket watching my cans give me the can
Junior what the hell are you doing in my
pantry technically it's not your pantry
it's my dad's Pantry technically it is
my pantry since I cleaned up this whole
damn house while your dad sits on his
ass watch TV okay what are you doing in
my pantry so the school is having a
canned food drive can food drive wait
Ken knows how to drive oh yeah he's got
a CDL he drives a big rig right into my
ass Jesus anyway the school is having a
canned food drive can drive and I was
going to donate all our cans of food to
the school no the hell you're not you're
not donating can no dirty hand grubby
ass disgusting brat I'm sorry Joseph
listen if we donated 20 cans of food
I'll get a bunch of toys 20 cans that's
20 meals 20 full ass bellies no the hell
you're not Junior you have toys upstairs
you don't need to Don cans but there's a
brand new Thomas in the box and a DVD
box hit a brandy Mr Whiskers don't go
damn by no damn whiskers get out of my
damn patryck he's clearly never seen the
show get out of the pantry Junior okay
God a oh man guys I really wanted those
cans yeah and I really wanted my
boyfriend back wow Cody you're so
selfish and self-centered all you do is
think about yourself yeah dude you're
not starving and hungry like me and Chef
B didn't roast your ass all I'm trying
to do is donate food for my buddy Joseph
no you just want to donate cans cuz you
want like five toys what no I would
donate that food even if I wasn't
getting toys okay that's a [ __ ] lie
cuz you've never donated anything in
your
life I'm flabbergasted at that sentence
Cody I've donated so much stuff in my
life I'm I'm I'm like I'm donor man
people used to call me that donor man
yeah right Joseph people call me that
yeah I heard somebody call him donor man
before okay donor man what have you
donated uh I uh I've given uh yeah I've
uh what is it I use public bathrooms
what how is that donating well see
instead of peeing in the toilet I pee
all over the toilet seat and I give a
janitor a job I'm like Donald Trump I
create jobs what you you donate piss to
a public toilet yeah cuz if I use the
toilet normally he would have nothing to
clean but I purposely piss all over the
toilet SE in the ground so he has
something to clean up well that sounds
like you're just making a janitor hate
his life no he doesn't hate his life he
loves it he loves cleaning things that's
why he's a janitor no I don't think he's
a janitor cuz he loves cleaning I think
he just wants
well no he walked in that bathroom if he
sees a clean bathroom he's like what's
the point of me he' get fired if his if
the bathroom wasn't dirty but I make the
bathroom dirty on purpose so he has
something to clean up so I'm donating
piss on the ground so he gets paid more
I don't think he gets excited when he
sees a pissy shitty toilet seat he does
get excited cuz he gets paid more he
doesn't get paid per piss and [ __ ] on a
toilet seat well then he need to discuss
his stats with his boss his stats this
isn't Madden junor he's just a janitor
well listen Cody a janitor likes to
clean that's why he became a janitor and
I donate my piss and [ __ ] on on the
ground so that he can clean it up yeah
on the ground how [ __ ] generous I'm
sure he loves that well he walks in the
bathroom he goes let's [ __ ] go he
definitely doesn't say let's [ __ ] go
yes he does he said put me in coach time
to clean that [ __ ] yeah he has
headphones and then he's like hell yeah
Hype music he's like I'm ready to do
this Hype music what what kind of music
do you listen to when you clean a shitty
floor in a bathroom um I of the tiger
maybe kodad black yeah or the Rocky song
guys we're getting off topic we just
need these cans so I can get Ken back
okay well I would give you cans but Chef
peipi won't let me grab the cans and I
wish we could just break into the pantry
break in it doesn't even have a lock on
it it's your pantry you could just wait
for Chef peip to fall asleep and then go
in and take the cans you know shef
doesn't sleep at night he stays up
watching Tel nolas yeah oh dude I love
that yeah they always in and to be
continued yeah so shef's watching those
shows we He he'll see us if we try to go
in the pantry yeah so what do we do um
we could try to distract him right now
and someone one of us tries to get him
out of the kitchen and then we can grab
the cans I got an idea follow me okay
guys here's my plan I'm going to throw
this glass bottle at the ground and when
shatters shef peip is going to hear it
he's going to come running Joseph I want
you to lay in the glass and when shef
peip shows up he's like what happened
I'm going to say Joseph got hit in the
head with the glass bottle you have to
do CPR so while Chef is doing CPR on
Joseph Cody I need you to go in the
pantry and grab all the food okay but I
want Chef pip to do CPR on me so can I
lay in the glass and then Joseph goes
and gets the cans it doesn't matter who
gets the cans if you want to lay in the
glass you can okay but also uh when he
comes up tell him there was a
rattlesnake in the vase when he threw it
and it bit me on the wiener in the
[ __ ] and he's going to need to suck
the venom out of there okay yeah yeah
and also tell that the rattlesnake bit
my belly like a whole bunch of little
bites all over my belly so he's going to
have to like suck on that all the way
down and then suck the venom out of the
wiener in the [ __ ] tell him that okay
I'll tell them yeah make sure you tell
them but especially make sure you tell
him to suck the venom out of the wiener
in the [ __ ] cuz like tell him that's
where most of the bites were was on the
weener in the [ __ ] and there was a
lot of little bites on the belly so he
he mostly just gets it out of the wiener
in the [ __ ] okay I'll do that okay
make sure you do that please I will tell
him that don't forget and if you
remember one I prefer the [ __ ] okay
just make sure you at least sa the
[ __ ] part okay okay
please remember that I will remember it
okay please do I think I will okay here
I'm about to throw it okay 3 2
1 jior what the hell was that about you
know that to throw [ __ ] in this house
you could have broke that uh I really
should have checked to see where shf was
before we threw it yeah you should have
now he's not going to suck my ass what
suck what listen chipi I was trying to
shatter the bottle I wanted to make a
big mess I wanted to get in trouble no
you not supposed to break [ __ ] in this
house I'm going tell your daddy I do
think you should go all the way upstairs
and tell my dad what you you want to
askle it uh yes I do I think you should
go tell my dad what I was trying to do
and you should go through the whole
alphabet A through Z each letter think
of a word that how you describe me like
a as [ __ ] b as a brat you know what
that is a good idea Junior that is the
smartest thing you ever said you know
what I could be very clever with my
worse Braxton he's upstairs Chef not
he's this way Braxton All right guys
let's go grab the kids of food all right
guys grab as many can you can hold the
back Cody you know Junior I really like
that plan Junior I really wish that plan
would worked out dud I really especially
like the part that you came up with
where the snake bit my wiener and my
[ __ ] dude nobody's licking your ass
Shut up I didn't say lick I said
suck snake fight you [ __ ] dumb ass
keep grabbing cans yeah I really wish it
would have worked Junior freaky ass boy
really wish you would have suck my we
her [ __ ] all right all right we we
got the cans bro guys run this way with
the cans where you think you going with
my cans little [ __ ] we're leaving here
with these cans oh no the hell you not
not off my dead body we're leaving with
these cans and we're taking them to the
school oh no you going to be a dead man
if you leave with my cans a snake bit my
wiener in
[ __ ] and I need you to Cy the B Cody
stop no one's doing that I'm getting
something out of this God damn it listen
we are going to leave with these cans
and I'm going to get those to no you
going to be 6 feet on the after this
wait where did they go it was part of my
plan while I was distracting you in your
face they ran out the front door H
actually we're right here junior I just
had to tie my shoe Joseph help me you
ain't leaving nowhere ow
all right teacher we brought a bunch of
cans all right you want a toy from the
toy box yes we do hold on let me grab
Ken first um what uh teacher where is
that thing you took from me earlier oh
the Bobby doll some kid took it after he
turned in all these cans of green beans
what hey Mr Barbie doll man ready to go
in my poop
pipe Jeffy that's what I wanted to do
[Music]