oh crap today we're gonna be learning
whole Mecca not home
egg cap now mix okay we're gonna be
cooking I'm gonna show you how to cook
so you don't have to keep eating
McDonald's every single day right Louis
mm-hmm
so the first thing I'm gonna teach you
how to make today is the egg roll
so the first thing you're gonna need is
a a and then you make it raw
see April is funny joke haha I know 100%
I'm being serious this time I'm gonna
teach you how to make egg drop soup so
the first thing you're gonna need is on
it and a you drop it hot see I got you
twice that - what - what ha funny jokes
it's called egg drop soup and he dropped
the egg yeah it he rolled the egg it
made an egg roll oh Christ now I'm going
to teach you how to make something that
you can actually eat I'm gonna teach you
how to make balls chicken so the first
thing you got to do is go out and catch
you up orange chicken so you got to go
up and get your chicken food and you
shake it and when you do that all the
chickens from all across the land of our
on to you and you gotta find the orange
one the ones chain I already have my
ones chicken you're right down here
alright class this is my orange chicken
might even be squeezed out
I won't go until I taste is he talking
to me cuz my name is not loser so I
don't think he's talking to me helmet on
and he came from me hundred blue helmet
on but my name's not loser so I don't
think he's talking to me okay so now
things are getting weird
cuz I got no helmet on and the kid in
front of me has a blue helmet on but I
have a pencil on my nose while my name's
still not lose her so I don't think he's
talking to me
I'm talking to you lose with the blue
helmet is a pencil up
in the service okay now I know for a
fact he's talking about me because I'm
the only one in the classroom when the
circuit says Jeffrey so now I have a
decision to make
do I breakage eye socket or dog break
his jaw let me ask oh hey hey question
for you why would you rather me break
your eye socket or your jaw
what oh yeah it would be a hard decision
for me too cuz they both would hurt you
know what neither you can see because
your eyes are so cross you couldn't even
hit me okay show both Mario do you
notice anything different about me no
baby you're perfect
Mario you didn't even look there we go
Oh what do you want baby I just try to
watch TV where are you you don't notice
anything different about me at all uh
you got your hair done no you silly
goose quack
Mario geese don't quite know what deuces
do Mario I got new contacts that's great
so now you can see the TV and be quiet
makes to me Mario what happy thing Jeffy
did today in school I don't care baby I
really don't care hey Jeffy how was
school today um I got in trouble you got
in trouble you bet your sweet bippy I
did let me read the note dear Jeffy's
parents Jeffy is suspended for fighting
and breaking it that classmates John I
thought it's please well do you run to
lunch with your arms behind your back
um sometimes well then you're a loser
Jeffy Mario I'm sure there's a good
reason why Jeffy and that kid got into a
fight maybe because my kids mean it
comes from a bad home we should invite
him over and have a playdate for him and
Jimmy that sounds like a terrible idea
baby because if they fought at school
they'll definitely fight here Mario they
won't fight right in front of us what a
bit okay well yeah okay fine we'll do it
all right Jeffy can you invite the bully
kid that you fought I think why Jeffy go
ahead and vitam over because you're
gonna make a friend with him
oh yeah y'all that's it I'm gonna go
find I mean I'm gonna go call won't you
do alright Jeff you were calling your
friend he's not my friend
don't say he's my friend hello hey
there's this Chevy's friend I think I'll
change my point oh well uh hello young
man
this is Jesse's father Oh losers father
I am NOT a loser I am very successful no
he's not
you sound bald I am NOT bald I'm a full
head of hair no he doesn't he's bald
Mario why are you lying to that kid you
don't need to impress him I'm not trying
to impress it much I have hair on my
head don't I wait why are you calling me
well Jeff II would like you to come over
because you'd like to be your friend to
be his friend after Big Daddy
you're 1/5 2/5 3/5 well look the young
man Jeff you would like to work things
out he said he's very sorry for beating
you up and he'd like you to come over so
please come over okay really okay then I
guess I can alright well see you soon
bye bye alright Jeff he sounds like a
nice young man I think you guys to be
really good friends that must be him no
we will get it I'm running away hello do
you like eggs yes no because I'm vegan
oh well how do you like your eggs
hatched they would have been if they
haven't been turned into breakfast food
oh my god what's going on here look me
and my wife get into an argument because
she's lazy and all she does is sit in
bed all day so I told her to come try to
do my job so she can see how hard it is
so that's what we do okay well this is
what happened somebody egged my house
oh my gosh I'm so sorry yeah no no Karen
this is where we yell at them for
wasting our time we've much more
important things to do
going after actual criminals instead of
somebody who just threw breakfast foods
at your house you know what Karen tell
them that whenever they find the person
who threw eggs at their house how about
they have them come over here and throw
eggs at our house because it would be
better than your cooking oh my god boy
me silly you know I don't come you know
that's the problem well I just want the
person arrested for egging my house okay
Karen just just ask him what the person
looked like and then draw a picture okay
okay so what did the poison look like
okay the person had black hair and they
had a dark color shirt and he was white
that that is that is spot-on I really
hope they find him oh that is that is
not him yeah but that's just not him do
one being arrested you're not being
arrested you're being detained
but for guy who threw the egg at my
house was legit bro don't like the
drawing the guy you brought in a few
seconds ago didn't like the drawing but
he looks like the drawing do you want to
press charges
Oh press charges let me ask Oh caramely
anyway huh parents don't care about him
Rosalie knows right he did come from a
bad home
I don't wanna press charges I don't want
to press charges you know what I think I
should stay here with me so he can see
what a good home feels like for a day
and he can be afraid with jeppie are you
talking about I would like to not press
charges okay do I stay here with these
losers God Mario I think what you did
was really nice I think they both could
actually get along
Oh break it up you two
he started it no he started it by being
ugly you want to go bro yeah you too
all right that is it you guys are
actually gonna learn to get along and
you're both gonna be friends so here's
the dank Danny I want to be his friend
yeah I don't want to be his friend well
would you rather be in jail oh yeah in
jail this is what's gonna happen you're
gonna go into play room you're gonna
learn to play together be friends so
come on all right you two you're gonna
play in this playroom and have fun maybe
play with these balls Danny I don't need
to play with these balls I got two good
ones right here look I don't want to
hear any fighting so just have fun and
get along hey doofus head I said no
fighting who started a ball at me Danny
I didn't start anything
I'm a perfect angel someone edit a halo
right here Jeffy I know you probably
started it because you just don't like
him but look I think you both are just
cranky because you're hungry so let's go
in the kitchen eat something we don't
like each other yeah I don't either
well look you're gonna learn to like
each other so let's go in the kitchen to
get something to eat all right you two I
think a good bonding experience with me
to make food together so make something
to eat out of this stuff Oh bet I can
make Jeffy a knuckle sandwich
I bet he's hungry for two more Blanca no
no no fighting you two just make
something to eat me friends right thank
you 4head what we're gonna do I love
cracking eggs I know you want to know
what's even more funny throwing eggs
what go and bring me
maybe I thought to be a good idea if
they cook together at least they're
getting along good guess you're right I
guess was just my new friends
[Music]