all right Daddy I finished writing my
Christmas list for Santa Claus Jeffy
you're 20 years old I don't think Santa
gives you gifts anymore yes he does
Marvin okay fine he does and look I'll
I'll give this list to him later no D I
want you to take me to the mall so I can
give the list to Santa Claus well you
know I okay I'll take you later okay I'm
going to go in the bathroom and practice
in the mirror holy reindeer [ __ ] it's
actually him Marvin I don't know how
we're going to afford any of these
Christmas presents yeah we don't have
any money and Christmas is 2 we away we
can't get a job by then let's just watch
TV
okay breaking news M there's a
nationwide Mall Santa shortage so if
you'd like to apply to be Santa Claus
come down to the mall Santa hiring
office oh look Marvin they're hiring M
Santas oh look at that you could do that
Marvin but I can't be a m Santa I'm not
fat or I don't have white hair and I
don't have glasses you could totally do
it Marvin and besides you would make so
many kids so happy I mean I guess I do
need a job and we have to afford some of
these things on his list anti-itch cream
what is itching on him and pumper nickel
he doesn't even know what that is I
think he just hurt it one time and what
what is this nipple hair Pluckers why
would he need those Marvin what's number
eight what are ues I don't know cuz
number seven he put milk and number
eight he put OES oh maybe he meant
Orbeez oh yeah all right all right so
I'm going go apply for this job but I
don't think I'm going to get
it hello and welcome to Mall Santa boot
camp or as some people have called it
hell I am the head elf but you can call
me David hi
David now it's my job to inspect the M
Santas and make sure you're not out
there acting like a bunch of bums and
making Santa look bad because if kids
don't believe your Santa they don't
believe in the real Santa and if they
don't believe in the real Santa he
[ __ ] dies if kids don't believe in
Santa he dies okay so now to make sure
you understand me you're all going to
say ho ho ho sir ho ho ho ho ho sir what
the [ __ ] was that let's try that again
with me ho ho ho sir sir how did I
finish before you what are you my wife
all right let's see what we're working
with here you what's your name
Anthony no your name is Santa you got it
get the [ __ ] out of here I really need
this job oh yeah with your toes hanging
out like that
pathetic what's your name Santa that's
right damn right it is all right now
give me a ho ho ho ho ho ho no no no use
your whole balls ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho
yeah that's right that's a man right
there what what's your name Santa sir
what's with the [ __ ] hand your head
elf I salute you sir okay well you're
not in the [ __ ] Marines put your hand
down what's up with the glasses Santa
Claus has glasses [ __ ] yeah he does it's
right what do we have here you're a big
[ __ ] aren't you what's your shoe size
17 no no no no it's a seven now Santa
wears a seven well that'll hurt my feet
I don't really give a [ __ ] and Crouch
down oh you're trying to square up on me
huh oh you think you're a badass huh huh
you trying to square off of me you can't
take this [ __ ] that's what I [ __ ]
thought now you're not in the NFL Crouch
at the knees that's
right my man how's it going what's good
how are the kids hey you know they good
bad as hell oh my wife justno as [ __ ] I
know I know how it is man that is a
[ __ ] Santa right there yeah yeah
Jesus Christ what is this where's your
mustache on my face sir I see what
you're doing smartass where's your Santa
mustache that's brown not that there's
anything wrong with oh you good you good
it's a I get one yes you will get one
okay now listen up real quick I have a
question I got to ask how many of you
are registered
offenders well that's two more than I'd
like and you answered way too [ __ ]
quick what' you do I I I had an ice
cream truck one time and I had to go to
the bathroom so I went out the back of
the the ice cream truck and I started to
take a pee PE and a little kid saw my
wee wee and so I gave him ice cream so
he'd be quiet and he wasn't quiet was he
that's okay you're you're fine that's
fine what about you the one time I did
work at Santa I had a kid on my left
knee and it's hot ass mom fat tits on my
right knee but I got a chubby and the
kid was there so it was a whole thing
uhhuh let me see the mom
okay I see I get it I get it I
understand all right all right I think
we can work with hold on hold on hold on
[ __ ] [ __ ] Santa's coming everybody look
alive act Santa as [ __ ] you understand
give me a ho ho ho ho ho ho [ __ ] that
never ever do that again Santa is not a
nice man he's going to hate this ho ho
holy [ __ ] what do we have
here why you squatting boy trying to
take a [ __ ] stand up
David come here yes
sir you know why HED you David to to to
get it right sir do you not like me
David no no Santa I I I love you Santa
you hate Santa I don't I don't hate
Santa your family's dead David Please
Santa just give me one more chance David
they're cooked I understand we'll talk
later David yes sir I'll make it fast
and easy thank you
s who's ready to go to the mall make
some kids happy
because if you make me look
bad I'll kill your family ain't that
right David he's done it before all
right let's go make some kids
happy are you guys deaf David I don't go
oh oh
oh
that David that's it I'm sticking this
candy can up your ass I understand oh
wow it's so christmy here h time to meet
the new [ __ ] Santa hey buddy ready to
hate your life wait Marvin is that you
yeah well this is so cool we get to work
together in the North Pole oh well I
just needed a quick job to make money
before Christmas well don't worry this
job is super easy you just sit right
there in that chair and then kids come
sit on your lap and tell you what they
want for Christmas and then you say okay
and you hand them a candy cane and then
they leave it's cake you know that show
is it real or is it cake this job is
cake okay is that it well sometimes you
get [ __ ] on what yeah sometimes the kids
[ __ ] on you we call them Poopers but
don't worry I can spot them a mile away
you got nothing to worry about oh okay
okay kids welcome to Santa Winter
Wonderland and JC peny yeah holy
reindeer [ __ ] it's [ __ ] him please no
cussing in the North Pole [ __ ] with
Jeffy no cussing He Knows My Name He
Knows My Name okay who's
first lucky okay oh my God he's out of
my balls he's out of my balls Marvin
don't talk about your balls near the
kids hey s is your beard whe yeah yes
stop don't touch it please what about
your hat of course yes that's real why
why is your mustach a different color
than your beard I don't know what do you
want for Christmas kid um Santa I'm want
for Christmas for my dad to stop hitting
me I don't think that's going to happen
bud but I'm a good boy okay well
anything else you wouldd like
um um what you didn't think about it in
the line um Hur up buddy I want an Xbox
A PS5 a boat a pony and a moner TWU how
about a candy cane I can do candy cane
here go that's that's all it did buddy
what about for my dad to stop hitting me
uh maybe next year buddy oh aw so get up
and leave other kidss are waiting no
wait get up no my Santa no I'm never
moving get them off me I can't touch him
Marvin he's a kid what yeah only his
parents can do that where's your dad my
dad left me at the mall 4 hours ago he
said he was going to the bar to get some
hookers oh Jesus Marvin this is what we
call child abandonment it's actually
pretty common well get them off me get
them off me well hold on I have an idea
kid get up Hey kid hey hey you want some
peppermint spray oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah open up your eyes okay
did you just pepper spray that kid
listen Marvin we don't have time for
this [ __ ] we get paid $7 an hour let's
get going next kid [ __ ] yeah Jeffy calm
down [ __ ] that mommy I'm going to sit on
S and close his lap be Jeffy Jeffy
pooper stop [ __ ] on me who gets to
say that they [ __ ] on Santa C's lap
right here Jeffy tell Santa what you
want for Christmas all right Santa check
[ __ ] this is what I want you're going to
show up to my house cookies as [ __ ]
laying on the counter you're going to
eat them hoes then tall glass and milk
you're going to boof that [ __ ] then
you're going to reach into your big bag
of [ __ ] and you're going to pull out a
giant Cheerio box the size of my house
how about Katy k sh
it okay Jeffy you got to go no I'm never
leaving Jeffy don't do don't do this
[ __ ] again don't pepper spray them
please it's my son Jeffy you got to go
let's see who you really are Santa what
did
you
Daddy I knew it
come on fix my beard fix it yeah sorry
sorry next kid oh Santa I'm so excited
little girl dougy get in the back of the
line man that is racist Santa Claus no
you you skipped that little girl no I
didn't find keep hiips no how's that
Finders Keepers I found this spot in the
line so I get the keep siips okay fine
what do you want for Christmas well I
just wanted to ask you am I on the good
boy lips or the bad boy lips the bad boy
lips oo what's I this so bad to be on
the bad boy lips you just pushed a
little girl and skipped her in line that
was not me folk that my cousin well
you're right here I saw you do it no I
wasn't but but meanwhile while you
asking me what I want for the crimps I
want some B money for my cousin dooo ass
cuz see what he done did was he hired
his Hitman named Luigi mangerini and and
he done kill somebody so I need some
bail money for my cousin dooo ass okay
we don't give out bail money well okay
what in that case I wants me a Hell Cat
paid off in my name we don't make cars
either I want two $110,000 KFC gift card
we don't make those either Marvin just
say yes he doesn't know he's not getting
this stuff okay you're getting all that
stuff buddy oh my I just love it so much
thank you Mr sample Claus you mind if I
guess one of them candy canes over there
the candy canes are for the kids you can
you can have a candy cane oh what you
thinks I can get another candy cane for
my cousin doooo ass so he can suck it
down and make it pick and pick the lock
in prison here's another one for doooo
ass oh and I see some of them hery
kisses do you give me some okay fine you
going to have
one I kind of want like two a tri you
can have one okay before I go y'all got
$20 now get out of here I need the food
cour
go all right Santa's taking a 5 minute
break a but Santa you're going to have
to wait a we can take a break I have to
piss okay just stay right there okay hey
there bud oh hey David hey how's be
Santa going oh it's it's it's good I
mean we're just taking a quick little
break but we're handing out candy canes
it's a thing yeah that's great did you
pepper spray a kid what did you pepper
spray a kid oh that wasn't me that was
the elf that was help there he is that's
the one that's the guy that pepper
spread me and then told me my dad would
never stop hitting me and called me a
bad boy that's not very Santa likee is
it uh no now I'm going to
die sorry David but you trained him I
know
Marvin you're next no no no no okay
listen listen listen I didn't do any of
this it was an elf it was an elf that
did it what elf right right there he's
right there he's right there he's right
there sorry I'm late Marvin the girl at
Chick-fil-A had rocking cans I'd like to
Jingle her bells oh [ __ ] get back here
boy oh thank God I can get out of
here okay that was close how was work Bo
no you know the usual just crying kids
oh Bo I see you're still in your uniform
you want a role play as what well maybe
I'm a broken toy Bo and you got to fix
me wh with my penis how does that even
work it can be a tinker toy Bo if you
call it that again I'm divorcing you Bo
who's said at the window huh come
outside [ __ ] is that Santa Claus I
don't know let me go see I'm going to
kill you that's um that's nothing Baby
Bo I could swear that was Santa outside
you you're a broken toy broken toys
don't talk let's let's go to the
bedroom whoa Bo that was amazing I was
pretending you were Ethan Slater and I
was Ariana Grande e good night
B
yeah two seconds that's pathetic I only
come once a year and I last longer than
that okay don't piss me off again yeah I
won't
[Music]