guess what I just got invited to PJ
Chris Major party PJ Crenshaw here
Jamie's Crenshaw Jimmy James Crenshaw no
dude look it's right here the
invitation's right here oh that's an
official signature yeah dude all right
guys guys I just got invited to PJ
crunches major rager party PJ Crenshaw
here Jamie's Crenshaw screenshot that
one yeah his signature's right there he
invited you to the major rager yeah now
let's talk about major ragers has given
me a major rager in my pants well why
would he invite you guys and not me I
don't know Junior I guess we're just
cool yeah sorry dude hey what's up
haters BJ critch y'all here Jimmy's
Crenshaw
boys boys calm down it's just me oh PJ
cringe all your coolness you may speak
um I was wondering since you invited
both my friends to your major rager
party that maybe I just might be lucky
enough to be invited to your party what
do you think I can bro Bethany give the
man his invite here you go you're so
lucky oh my God
that's a good thing too
tea party we never would have talked to
you ever again yeah you would have been
a total loser dude well good thing I
always invited guys hey guys old dude
we're all going to a party Jeffy you
want to come yeah I want to come to a
party PJ can he come oh definitely not
but why because Jeffy tried to steal my
girls one time and that is an immediate
No-No in PJ's book that that's really
sad because he won't be invited he'll
feel left out yeah I don't care he's not
coming what oh jeffy's 18 maybe he can
buy stuff for your party that you can't
get well we do need root beer for the
party and none of us are old enough to
buy it ourselves okay I'll tell you what
if Jeffy brings root beer for the party
he's invited you hear that Jeffy all you
have to do is get root be and go to the
party okay I can buy root beer I even
got my own car all right there will be
root beer there okay good so you bring
the root beer you're in come on ladies I
want to bounce and I'm not talking about
leaving guys we're going to the major
Ranger anybody who's anyone's gonna be
there a new rage dude yeah okay so guys
let's go to the party wait wait wait
wait wait guys we have to get root beer
for Jeffy oh yeah
let's go get Ruby you're driving us okay
[Applause]
yeah I know how to throw a major rager I
thought you said there was gonna be a
rough beer yeah uh yeah there will be I
don't know where that guy is right now
I'm leaving if there's no root beer no
no don't worry there's there's gonna be
root beer wait I think that's the guy
right now
the root beer oh thank God bro the
chicks were gonna leave
yeah come on in let's go oh ladies the
root Beer's here
[Applause]
drink up boys come on what are you doing
get some root beer let's party
[Music]
oh man I drank so much root beer oh dude
that we're on a planet that's spinning
okay Junior
to tell you you're
hot oh you're so hot vanilla puff oh my
god do you want to go in my room and
make out
yeah my dad's gonna kill me
oh you gotta do it
dtfdtf now hold on baby me and Joseph
made a pact a blood pack okay he said if
I ever went to a girl's room you're a
girl I'd have to invite him yes and I'm
him okay so he can come okay
oh
the garbage disposal what
it took it and Joey someone's Talking
Dead oh who stole your head dude I'll
beat who did it I promise Hey where's
the disposal okay
where is he it's probably covered in
biscotti okay I can clean it off that's
it we're gonna kick his ass where's it
oh no
she fell asleep No One's Gonna Freak Me
Now hey Jenny you meet me in the closet
I will rock your world
I'll take that offer
hey we're all out of root beer can you
go get some yeah I'm going drive and get
it yeah go get some more okay okay we're
gonna go find your hand Cody and then we
gotta go to the closet high five you
know what I'm enjoying you guys forget
it yeah I can't wait for this shift to
be over I really hope Penelope's not
doing something stupid at home never
left a home alone before what what oh my
God this guy's drunk driving I gotta go
after him
oh
oh
why is this road so curvy oh
got my root beer oh my God this man is
not stopping pull over you jackass
You're Gonna Hurt Somebody the hell are
you doing what come on just pull over
oh Jesus Jesus oh my God oh my God okay
okay okay he stopped he stopped oh my
God
excuse me sir have you been drinking
tonight hold on let me get something
don't don't reach for anything what are
you doing I had to get my root beer what
is it root beer it sure is well then why
are you acting like this I'm not acting
like nothing okay I guess I can add
littering to the list of charges step
out of the car please do I have keys yes
you have to okay well let me just
I'm sorry do you think you're driving
away right now because you're not you
screw you okay it would be resisting
arrest if you were okay all right that's
it
okay we're gonna do a field sobriety
test to see if you're drunk okay all
right now try to say ABC's backward I
can't even say I'm four okay well then
try to walk in a straight line
okay no no no okay forget it um try to
touch your finger to your nose
no that's that's not even close okay how
about this uh count to five
okay that's it come on come on we're
going to jail all right make your one
phone call hey stop it stop touching my
hat just make your phone call uh don't
lick it that's right you know what give
it to me I'll call him
hello hey this is jail oh no who got
arrested I caught your son drinking and
driving what yeah is my dad see mommy
what did Jeffy do he was drinking and
driving I just told you well like what
do you mean we were drinking it don't
don't chew on that oh okay I think you
should just come get him please oh I'm
on my way would you stop it
just get in there until your dad gets it
stop licking things it's gross you're
gonna get sick ew okay I'm here get him
but Jeffy stop that well here what was
he drinking well see that's the thing he
wasn't drinking anything bad what he was
just drinking root beer
smack that [ __ ]
yeah
I don't I don't know what this is if he
was just drinking root beer why is he
arrested I don't know why he's acting
like this okay but but he was he was
driving recklessly and he tried to
resist arrest so that's what I charged
him with oh okay that's it so so what so
how do we get the jar the charges
dropped well I'm gonna need him to go to
an AAA meeting so that he can see that
it's not funny to make fun of people who
actually have problems I'll rub my
nipples oh okay so please get him out of
here we're gonna go to an AAA meeting
all right Jeffrey you're gonna sit right
here and oh I can't even go over all the
levels of grounded you are what's the
first level and he's the boss heart at
the end what's going on Marvin Jeffy got
arrested for drinking and driving Jeffy
how could you you're not old enough to
drink alcohol it was root beer and it
got me
that's a Gateway drink Jeffy it has the
word beer in it yeah Jeffy you know no
sodas after 8 P.M well I'm a rebel and
no Red Bull either well what's his
punishment Marvin well the cop said he
has to go to an AAA meeting for his
drinking problem I don't have a problem
with how much I drink you have a problem
with how much I drink you were swerving
all over the road you could have killed
someone your feet you're going to that
meeting so you can learn your lesson it
was root beer Penelope I'm home you
better not have thrown a crazy party
wait a minute I hear music I hate music
[Music]
all right guys we never speak about what
happened in the closet I don't know what
you're talking about dude
what are you boys doing
in the closet
Penelope
everybody out of my way I got my mad
eyebrows on why do you have your mad
eyebrows on because I want to ask your
son a question where were you taking
that root beer to my Billy don't you lie
to me I'll kill you well what's going on
my daughter threw a major rager at our
house while I was at work she invited
that PJ Crenshaw pair of jammies
Crenshaw Jamie James Crenshaw now he
seems pretty cool but I'm pissed at your
son for bringing that root beer well why
you mad at your daughter oh don't worry
I already gave her an earful of ear
drops because she has an ear infection
but I will yell at her later when she
feels better well don't worry we're
going to take Jeffy to his AA meeting
well I'm gonna take him right now
because I'm so mad come on Jeffy let's
go oh hey everybody Welcome to AAA
addictions Anonymous this is a space
where we can all talk about our
addictions and relate to each other so
that we know that we're all struggling
okay screwball we'll start with you hi
everyone my name's screwball I'm
addicted to every substance Under the
Sun I'm ordered by the court to be here
and I just wanted to say I'm sorry okay
thank you screwball uh how long have you
been sober uh about 15 minutes okay
that's a good start thank you I'm trying
really hard hey can I smoke this candle
no okay Judy let's go to you hey
everyone my name is Judith and I'm
addicted to BBC ever since I first had
BBC I just can't stop thinking about it
it's so delicious I just love having BBC
in my mouth I just love bacon broccoli
casserole it does sound good oh it is
it's something healthy mixed with
something very unhealthy in one big
casserole and when I eat BBC sometimes I
like to watch BBC the British
Broadcasting Corporation that's how I
found out the queen died I was so
shocked I choked on some BBC and I was
like
and my husband was like honey what are
you doing I said I'm choking on BBC and
that's when I knew I had a problem but
I'm proud to say I've gone a whole day
without BBC I'm proud of you I wish I
could go a whole day without blow
see damn it there I go again all right
Judith that's that's good okay Shrek
it's your turn hello everybody my name
is Shrek I am addicted to eating
dulcera creamer cream cream cheese cake
and when I eat it my butthole eater
separate and it looks like over baked
muffin with the steam possible coming
out and then it just kind of folds over
but I did the little cupcake pan and
then it's just like steamy good dishes
okay screwball could you please not
smoke in here sorry dark uh Jeffy it's
your turn hey everyone my name's Jeffy
and I drank root beer and I don't know
how to drive really well so I got in
trouble for that well he didn't learn
anything and you have two Candles now
okay well I still appreciate all of you
coming out this is a step in the right
direction and to everyone watching this
video thank you for watching and make
sure you like And subscribe and if you
learn anything from this video let it be
that you should drive carefully and
don't drink well I mean you can drink
root beer just not the second word in
root beer and definitely not while
driving and don't put candles in your
mouth yeah okay that about covers it I'm
gonna go
[Music]
thank you