so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored Cody why is
your neck bent to the side oh I slept on
my neck weird and it really hurts why is
it noticeable no it's not noticeable
okay good oh dude you know what I want
to do wait but you mentioned it what do
you want to do Joseph oh play dingdong
ditch oh yeah let's go dingdong ditch
some houses yeah but guys we're going to
get in trouble we're not going to get in
trouble Cody cuz we are going to get in
trouble dude have fun for a chance we're
going to get caught and then they're
going to call my parents my dad's going
to clap my cheeks what yeah my dad's
going to clap my cheeks what are you
okay dude yeah what are you talking
about Cody when my dad gets mad he claps
my cheeks do you need to talk to
somebody yeah do we want to call the
cops what are you talking about he's
just spanking me he's clapping my cheeks
oh Jesus you don't just call it a
spanking don't say he claps your cheeks
yeah use better words dude but that's
literally what he's doing he's taking
his hand smacking my butt and clapping
my cheeks you leave to clap the cheeks
out yeah you just call it a spanking
like a normal person oh he says he claps
my cheeks okay well he's saying the
wrong thing yeah dude it's disgusting
let's go do uh dong what's it called
Ding
thank you let's go dingdong ditch some
houses can we please fix Cody's neck
first okay so you can tell yes okay I'm
going to hold your body and Joseph you
pull his head to the other side okay I
got you bro
[ __ ] thanks guys do you feel better yeah
it's much better come go ding dong ditch
houses all right guys our first victim
Junior they have a doorbell camera oh
dang it dude we should have brought ski
Mas good idea we don't want them to
think we're robbing them we don't want
to give our identity away either they
already saw our face yeah I'm pretty
sure they have a video of us talking
about this maybe we can just cover it up
or something they already saw our face
Joseph we're cooked I'm just trying to
help you can't really ding-dong ditch
people's house in 2024 everyone has a
doorbell camera well I mean we're here
we might as well still do it yeah press
it
okay there's somebody at our door Karen
Bo check the doorbell camera it's night
time it could be somebody dangerous nah
I like a little excitement I'm going to
go see who it is be careful Bo hello H
there's nobody here oh I see what's
going on here you want me to F find you
okay all right I'll look for you you
think you're sneaky huh yeah I bet
you're in that bush over there bet you
are let me see no you're not in the bush
damn you are good maybe help me out with
a little bit of Marco Polo
Marco Marco damn you must be far okay
I'll look for you
Marco H where are
you he's in the mailbox I guess I better
check my mail gotcha wait damn it you're
not in there either huh okay I'll keep
looking
Marco you know you're supposed to say
Polo right so I know if I'm close okay
what about hot or cold huh huh okay
there's no way he went this far away
from my house unless that's exactly what
he wants me to think I'm going to keep
looking oh man that was so cool that we
just ran away oh dude I can't believe we
actually got away with it too well we
got away with it for now they have
doorbell cameras we're going to get
caught they're not going to come after
us Cody we didn't do anything illegal we
didn't like steal anything we just ran
away I told you we should have had ski
mask though but then we would look like
robbers hey guys oh we were just
dingdong ditching people's houses what
is that it's where you ring their
doorbell and you run away why you do
that it's like a prank yeah it's like
you waste their time and make them come
open the door why I I don't know but
it's fine oh I want to go dingdong
ditching come on guys we going to take
Jeffy on a dingdong ditch guys we're
going to get in trouble but Jeffy hasn't
been on one we have to at least take
Jeffy on one okay okay come on guys you
Bo Where Have You Been You've Been Gone
Forever losing at hideand-seek that's
where Bo what are you talking about who
was at the door the hide-and-seek
Champion that's who what well I opened
the door and there was nobody there and
they clearly wanted me to find them but
I looked all over the place and I just
couldn't find them wait how do you know
they wanted to play hide and go seek Bo
it was just a Vibe Karen you could just
feel it you know Bo check the doorbell
camera no that would be cheating I know
I can find him just give me till morning
check the camera Bo okay fine
well Karen I've been had what do you
mean Bo it was a bunch of damn kids
playing ding-dong ditch I'm so mad I
looked around for no reason you know
this is this is [ __ ] this is
[ __ ] what they're doing that's mean
that's a mean prank and it's dangerous
you know they could get hurt doing that
I'm going I'm going to go give those
kids a talking too wasting my time all
right Jeffy we're going to start you
with something easy this is the hucker
do house so all you have to do is ring
the doorbell and you run away I'd like
to point out there's another doorbell
camera got your doorbell camera
hold Jeffy stop that Jeffy stop that all
right so ring the doorbell we going to
run away all right
run but guys jeffy's not leaving dude
what the hell is he doing Jeffy you're
supposed to run [ __ ] it let's leave
him what in [ __ ] Nation are you doing
here kid I'm supposed to run away I
think you hear that Alie we got
ourselves a ding dong deter but not a
really good one you know what we're
going to teach this little prankster a
lesson honey call the police I will Hank
but does he not realize we have a camera
doorbell he is a dumbass all right I'm
going to call the cops yeah you're going
to be in big trouble young man hey there
somebody call the cops yes officer this
little canucklehead rangang the doorbell
and tried to run away now hold on I
didn't try wait a minute somebody
ding-dong ditched my house earlier
tonight and I've been looking for the
pranksters who did it was that you no
this is the first house I did oh so
there's a gang of here huh we take me to
them yeah officer make sure you punish
them punish them real good they're right
here officer hey the Cubs we're cooked
Junior we're cooked yeah dude I didn't
know he was a ding-dong dis snitch yeah
why you snitching Jeffy well I didn't
mean to snitch I thought he just wanted
to talk to us no he's going to tell my
dad and he's going to clap my cheeks
whoa whoa whoa whoa hold up I feel like
we have a whole new case here now no his
dad spanks him and calls it Clapp in his
cheeks why does he call it that because
his hand is smacking his butt cheeks
he's clapping his cheeks well I don't
like that kid if you ever feel unsafe
you just call 911 okay okay but back to
what I was yelling at you kidss about
you guys have been dingdong ditching and
you ding-dong ditched my house and sent
me on a wild goose chase wasted my time
I'm sorry yeah that's right you better
be sorry and you better watch out too
cuz that's dangerous you don't want to
end up like dingdong ditch Mitch who's
ding-dong ditch Mitch oh I'll tell you
who he is so there was this kid I went
to high school with named Mitch who
liked to ding-dong ditch his parents
were Rich he shopped at abber cromi and
Fitch he had this weird twitch and he
had Perfect Pitch and he loved Lilo and
Stitch and his mom was a well you know
what rhymes with Stitch a [ __ ] well
anyway every weekend Mitch would go
around neighborhoods playing ding-dong
ditch he'd run up to people's houses and
ring the doorbell and then just haul ass
but he never got caught even though he
bragged about it to everyone until one
day he decided to ding-dong ditch the
wrong house the ding-dong Ditch Witch he
went up to her house to ring the
doorbell but just before he touched the
doorbell the dingdong Ditch Witch pulled
out her wand and gave Mitch an itch that
turned Mitch into an itchy little [ __ ]
I'm talking he was so itchy all the time
after that he would itch in class and
people would think he had a disease he
would itch all day long he couldn't
sleep because he was so itchy he would
even itch while he was driving and then
he crashed his car into a ditch he was
paralyzed from the neck down and his
nose would itch but he couldn't give it
a scritch that's a word that's a word it
means the same thing as scratch look it
up and the hospital only had two movies
the movie Hitch and Lilo and Stitch but
it was the sequel Stitch Has a Glitch
and he didn't like that one so his nurse
offered to switch it with her copy of
Leroy and Stitch but who's even ever
seen that one my main point is that he's
still in the hospital bed to this day
paralyzed from the neck down with an
itch he just can't quite fix wait wait
wait there's a way that lives here
that'll make you itch yeah and she still
lives at that same house too nobody's
ever ding-dong ditched her without
getting itchy now I better not catch you
kids dingdong ditching ever again or I'm
going to arrest you for DDD that's
ding-dong ditching and you can't get
away with it anyway cuz everybody's got
doorbell cameras these days you're right
all right you could stay out of trouble
no thank God he didn't call my dad I
didn't want to get my cheeks clapped so
what are we going to do the rest of the
night dude um I want to go find that
witch and dingdong ditcher house but the
itches Junior the itches yeah I don't
know about this dude I don't know if I
want to get arrested by the cops tonight
but I want to be the first person to get
away with ding-dong ditching the witch
I'll do it Junior I don't give a [ __ ]
all right Jeffy let's go do it yeah all
right Jeffy this is the Witch's House
and look she doesn't have a doorbell
camera so as soon as you ring it we'll
run away and we'll get away with
it
run
hello he did you ring my doorbell yeah
but I was supposed to run away a ding
dong ditcher more like a dingdong stair
but for that I will make you itchy itchy
kabus my nuts itch ah serves you
right so so went well then yeah I got
away I dingdong ditched the Witch and I
got away wait but where's Jeffy oh no
hey guys my shit's [ __ ] oh no you get
itched by the witch yeah she got me and
now my tank itches oh now we have to
call a doctor yeah hey there somebody
calling itch doctor ooh e that's all
they can legally do without us getting
screwed ting tang walla Wala bing bang
shut up Cody you're going get the video
straight yeah dude calm down sorry Ding
Dang W bing bang okay so what was your
itch problem well we ding-dong ditch the
witch you dingdong ditch the Witch and
now Jeffy has an itch oh just like Mitch
well don't drive you end up in a ditch
my tank itches well I don't even know
what to do about that you can't give him
like itch cream no this is a Witch's
Curse medicine's not going to work I
mean I do have this magic wand where'd
you get a magic wand from well when I
was a teenager I spent a semester at
Hogwarts but I got kicked out for doing
stuff in the bathroom with this girl I
was dating named Myrtle they call her
something else now probably cuz she was
so damn loud yeah she'll tell you she
got killed by a giant snake mine deep
throat when she saw it she got petrified
probably because I have peron's disease
my [ __ ] looks like Count Dooku's
lightsaber actually it looks a lot like
this oh well do you know any like magic
like takeaways itch oh yeah I know magic
uh let me see if I can remember it fuzzy
Wuzzy was a bear fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair
itchy stitchy witchy [ __ ] oh no now my
itches oh no I just moved the itch um
okay I got it I remember what to do um
she sells seashells down by the seashore
adabra oh no no my ball hair itches oh I
gave you crabs oh but that's okay
because I can treat that I can give you
shampoo for that so is everybody happy
now so he's basically cured yeah yeah we
can take care of that so I hope you kids
learned your lesson not to ding-dong
ditch cuz it's not worth the crabs all
right I'll be seeing you guys stay out
of trouble I'm just glad I didn't get my
cheeks clapped
[Music]
he
[Music]