it is time to play the next game oh did
you come up with one I thought you were
just going to give us a balloon and a
stick and tell us to come up with a game
ourselves shut up oh we're playing the
quiet game everybody hey she's giv Clues
to game she should be fired I wish we
are playing the quiet game for the next
game we are adding more players oh
[ __ ] that's no way hey Marvin what
are you doing here Hank you just don't
have any rules do you people are just
doing whatever the hell you want they
were playing the same games as you just
in another room another room how many
groups do you have this is the final
group so that means there's 1 2 3 4 5
six people left very good Marvin that is
six people you know your numbers but do
you know your colors
too un UNC why you calling for your
uncle did he touch you knock it off it
is time to play the next game follow me
ow that hurt hey guys you ready to watch
people die for money hell yeah I am
Mickey I can't see in this [ __ ] thing
you're not supposed to use our real name
goofy you dumbass well you is [ __ ]
dead stupid piece of [ __ ] man hello VIPs
welcome to the squid games why is it
called that yeah I hate calamari I
ordered steak when am I going to get
some champagne I'm tired of staring at
An Empty Glass can I get some scissors
the genius that made this mask didn't
give me any ey Hol goofy I swear if I
have to hear you talk about that mask
one more time well you're wearing a
goddamn Batman mask you can see clear as
[ __ ] well you could have been Robin
Robin well I'm not going to be your
[ __ ] sidekick the lady at the place
said the chicken mask had the biggest
eyes maybe you should have tried the
chicken mask on like I did with my
Batman mask oh yeah well how about you
pull a mask of tool out of your ass so I
can cut this thing off wa oh you know
what goofy that's actually a really good
idea Oh
Toodles oh wow it looks like Toodles do
like give a [ __ ] gentlemen your waitress
will be around shortly where's the Bing
Bong [ __ ] who's running this game
unfortunately the chairman will not be
able to attend tonight's game okay well
what game are we watching next tonight
we will be watching the glass Bridge the
bridge is made out of glass tiles if
they pick the wrong one they' fall to
their death neat you better not copi
that from Bridge to Terabithia because
if you did I'll sue your ass you think
$400 billion is a lot of money well just
he brow that to his nut sack when he
died that's a pretty cool bridge I wish
I could see what you guys were [ __ ]
talking about but I'm stuck inside
chicken Little's ass oh my God if
someone doesn't bring him a pair of damn
sers gentlemen your waitress is here I'm
kind of in a rush I'm the only guard
left I'll have some champagne oh I'll
have a
[Music]
double wa what do you think this game is
oh look they actually have a budget for
something hey what are the rules for
this game this game is called glass
bridge when the time hey could you speak
the hell up you're way over there and we
cannot hear anything you're saying are
you kidding me see that keep up that
tone for all of it cuz the Siri voice is
not working this game is called glass
bridge when the timer starts you will
cross the bridge in alphabetical order
according to your name make it across
the bridge before the time ends and you
win thank you honey she's such a [ __ ]
okay so like what could kill us we just
walk across it yeah hey what could kill
us damn it I thought he was just going
to walk across yes one tiny thing that
could kill you some of these glass
panels are made of tempered glass louder
some of these glass panels are made of
tempered glass that won't break if you
step on it the other is regular glass
that will break if you step on it you
must pick the correct glass in order to
make it across to safety I feel like
that's important information you should
have said the first time I hope you die
you too Marvin when I win that $400
billion I'm going to trap her in a room
with nothing but a tissue and a piece of
corn and tell her to come up with a game
to live so who crosses the glass Bridge
first well she did say alphabetically so
who would that be uh well your first
name is Brooklyn so it' be you nice try
but actually go by guy so who would be
before G you Chef Pee you're C oh the
[ __ ] not my name is p not Chef PE Chef
is a title dumb ass oh well um who else
would that be uh you Hank well G comes
before H so it'd be you again well guess
what I don't go by Guy either I actually
go by my middle name which is the letter
T so it would be Hank next all right I
don't mind going you guys didn't know
this but I used to work in the glass
industry for 20 years and I can tell the
difference between tempered glass and
not really we got so lucky we're going
to live all right so what you got to do
is you just got to look for the light
refractions in the glass see it reflects
different so uh let me just take a look
here oh this one right here has got to
be the tempered glass oh I guess he
didn't know the difference hey well I
guess we know which one to step on now
but not the next one well who goes next
uh a b c d e f g h Look At You Marvin
you know your alphabets jeffy's next
okay moving on your way [ __ ] I'm
about to run this [ __ ] no take your
time Jeffy you got to take your time you
can't just keep jumping to the next one
don't rush it Jeffy take your time you
might die D this is easy I'm going to do
this [ __ ] backwards oh I can't
watch Marvin he did it but no way ain't
no [ __ ] way bro Jeffy how did you do
it dad that [ __ ] was easy guys did
anyone see what he stepped on no I was
just shocked me too je Jeffy which ones
did you step on a circle triangle left
bumper right bumper left down right up I
think that's the cheat code for guns in
Grand Theft Auto no seriously Jeffy
which on was it I don't know Dany I
forgot I speedran that [ __ ] oh my God
okay so who's next um you are Marvin me
yeah cuz it goes peeee and then Suzanne
and then me so your M uh my middle name
is Zion no your name ain't Zion stop
lying I got to see your ID um no no okay
um Can someone help me with the next one
does anyone know possibly what it could
be the difference oh oh Marvin if we had
something we could throw at the glass
you can hear the difference between
tempered and regular glass you can yeah
it's like night and day okay I got I got
to think of something to throw does
anyone have anything to throw Jeffy do
you have anything to throw I got marbles
in my ass I can toss you one your go I
don't want a marble that's SP in your
ass Jeffy Marvin your life could depend
on it all of our Lives depend on it get
the shitty marble
Marvin okay fine Jeffy toss me a
marble Jeffy you missed you made we lost
it do you have another one Danny I can
shoot him out of my ash like a BB gun no
Jeffy I just need one marble all hold
on what that sounds like tempered glass
to me Marvin wait really it does yeah
you it's a very distinctive sound it's
like a cats meow you just can't mistake
it okay so it must be this
one oh my God that was so close what
Marvin I have no [ __ ] idea what glass
sounds like are you kidding me so I just
rised my life of course what do you
think I was trying to help you I've been
screwing over everybody so if Jeffy
gives us more marbles we won't be able
to tell the difference no doesn't
[ __ ] matter are you kidding me okay
well I'm not moving forward someone else
has to go no you have to go all the way
no no that [ __ ] isn't here and we all
know they don't enforce rules here and I
already risked my life for one square so
someone else come and do the next one
yeah somebody whose letter comes before
mine in the alphabet go before me uh
niggaer not me I'll go I've already lost
my husband yeah that's right see Marvin
she has bigger balls than you yeah you
come up here and you do it what an idiot
oh which one could it be well your
husband worked in glass for Jeffy face
stop it make me your husband worked in
glass for 20 years did he ever talk
about glass with you no all he knew how
to do was cheat on me with the
babysitter I don't know which one to
pick let me out someone else go before
me I don't want to go anymore oh well
actually I think I can tell the
difference really that's that one I'm
not [ __ ] around damn Marvin you
[ __ ] Savage I didn't think you had it
in you we kill him next oh yeah do all
right that means there's three tiles
left and I'm still not moving so someone
better go first okay PP p goes next God
damn it all right you're right get out
the
way
okay all right move Marvin this grow for
business okay what do you think the next
one is oh I'm not sure does this one
look like it has a weird tin to you I
mean I can't tell a difference oh hey
you can't push me I knew I was right
though you were right okay so we only
have two more left what do the next one
is uh I'm not sure stop pushing me damn
I'm good wait we only have one more left
okay you have to do that one you can't
push me I'm going to sit down you have
to actually choose no the hell I don't
okay well I'm not moving you chose you
made me risk my life for these two so
you should jump on a real one I guess so
you are right I didn't make you choose
hold
on which one is
it no Chef peipi die but hey look Marvin
we know which one to step on it's right
there I can't believe Chef peip is dead
hey Marvin I have a confession what I
actually saw the ones that Jeffy stepped
on so I could have saved all of you but
I wanted to elimate a few people cuz I
want that money for myself you monster
yeah we can discuss that later the
time's about to
end my my eyes in my eyes what the [ __ ]
was the point of that we made it across
[ __ ] you're just going to shoot
glass in our eyes we don't even goggles
so VIPs did you enjoy the game hell yeah
I did it was so cool three people died
and Marvin's still alive so if I'm lucky
he'll win and I'll get his house payment
money oh I hope he dies I hate that
[ __ ] well wish I could have seen it but
I [ __ ] can't just ignore him wait who
died I met on the chef named after a
penis did he live hello am I talking to
my [ __ ] self over here if you guys
left I wouldn't be able to tell oh my
God he's dead goofy well [ __ ] there goes
all my Extremely Goofy Movie royalties
Max is going to be
pissed oh wow you know what the
champagne it it tastes like hot dogs it
tastes like hot dogs yeah it tastes like
Piglet's ass cheeks well Mickey where's
my champagne right there goofy oh cuz I
know what right there is cuz I can
[ __ ] see I don't know why' you reach
around I stayed home I can get a reach
around from clar Bel yeah everyone has
buddy oh my God don't you made a mess
well it's not my [ __ ] fault I can't
see this stupid ass B I'm going to go to
the bathroom and whack off oh my God I
am so sorry I brought him he's kind of
just like a tag along
[Music]