hojos merry christmas what do you want
for happy honda day jeffy what are you
doing well i'm dressed up like santa
claus i'm trying to figure out what you
want for christmas i don't want anything
for christmas christmas is lame marvin
don't be such a grinch christmas time is
forgiving yeah dang tell me what you
want i'm dressed up like santa claus
jeffy santa claus isn't even real
gorgeous
he's not you're 17 years old jeffy you
have to find out eventually marvin don't
tell him that baby he's 17 years old
marvin fix it
fine jeffy santa claus is real didn't
prove it prove it i haven't had to prove
it before marvin just take him the mall
so he can sit on santa's lap baby it's
10 o'clock at night the mall's not open
well then hire someone to dress up like
santa
if you don't prove that santa claus is
real i'm gonna poke my eye don't poke
yourself ow stop it oh stop oh
i'm about to call it i'm not gonna call
santa claus do you have shannon
quality's number yeah i have his number
i might call him right now can i talk to
him but no he's not allowed to talk to
kids why did he get into legal trouble
he did listen i'm gonna go call santa
claus i'm gonna invite him over here to
talk to you okay
come on hurry up answer the phone hey
marvin what do you need hey can you
dress up like santa claus and come over
my kid wants to meet santa me dress up
like santa no no see that wouldn't work
because i'm in too good of shape see
santa's supposed to be fat and i'm not
i'm thin i look amazing nobody would
believe that i'm santa claus i'm too hot
okay well do you know anybody that can
dress up like santa oh well i do have
this one friend who's been looking for
work and could really use it does he
look like santa oh he looks exactly like
santa oh it'll be perfect when you see
this guy you're gonna say that's santa
claus it's like his twin okay then bring
him over right now okay i'll be right
there okay thank you all right baby i
got someone to dress up like santa and
come over tonight you did yeah i'ma tell
jeffy all right jeffy santa claus is
coming over tonight
really yeah really is he gonna bring his
reindeer
no he's gonna uber the reindeer are
training for christmas oh for the
reindeer games yeah where they're going
to laugh and call rudolph names mm-hmm
like jeffy or period knows
not you that language i'm saying i'm
always going to put you on the naughty
list
oh that must be santa let me go answer
the door hello hey this is my buddy vic
i told you about what's up i'm vic you
said you had a friend that looked like
santa he does look like santa he looks
like a criminal well i mean he did just
get out of prison prison oh yeah he was
in there for about 15 years yeah 15 long
years oh looks like santa's spill
oh no no
looks like i'm still though you're gonna
have to clean that up bud okay i'm not
hiring him oh come on
it's not that bad he's harmless
what do you go to jail for well i mean
nothing siri it's just some grand theft
auto aggravated assault third degree
murder third degree murder right third
degree murder third third degree just
third degrees it's like the least bad
kind of i'm sorry i got that confusing
first degree murder
and i don't even feel bad about i do to
get in a heartbeat uh i'm not i'm not
gonna hire him oh come on really you're
not gonna hire me he's not gonna hire me
you're not gonna i'll crush your
windpipe if you don't hire me he's gonna
he's gonna crush it you're gonna hire
him oh yeah you got the job i got your
job i got the job okay let's go meet
some kids
before you meet my kid can you please
put a shirt on oh no no no vic vic
doesn't do shirts
no no he says he just he says shirts
make him feel constricted like he's back
in prison and that makes him mad and he
breaks things and kills people i don't
break a windpipe if i have to wear a
shirt yeah oh okay no shirts i guess no
shirts oh hey elf bring me another beer
there you go santa on this little elf
hey so what does going on over here i
need to get paid i got a meeting with my
pro officer after this so where's this
kid at oh jeffy get in here oh
shanica
yeah kid i'm whatever you want me to be
marvin who the hell is this it's santa
claus jeffy why don't you sit on his lap
you come here i always sit on his lap
what if he has a big wiener you don't
gotta worry about that one kid what the
hell is that those are his jingle balls
jeffy just sit on his lap and tell him
what you want oh okay what do you want
for christmas kid i want your gucci xbox
yeah we'll get you that one we'll get
right on that one hey
go jags
now i need you to get out of this
because i need to get paid okay all
right so i need to get paid now put it
in my hands i need the money how much
does he need uh i don't know like like
like 20 bucks no what more uh
50
100 bucks
a hundred bucks yeah that'll work good
let me 500 oh okay here it is
pleasure doing busy with any of your
kids
okay
this is my house
not anymore kid
okay i'll see you later just please get
out of my house without breaking
anything else all right guys i'll get
out of here then
see you nerds i'm never calling you
again for help i understand yay i'm
getting a gucci xbox marvin i need to
talk with you okay uh jeffy can you go
to your room yeah i'll go make room for
my gucci xbox
marvin how could you invite that man
into our house he looked like a creep i
know baby but if i didn't hire him he
was going to strangle and kill people
what oh baby look all that matters now
is that jeffy got to meet santa and he's
happy yeah but what was that thing jeffy
asked for he asked for a gucci xbox i
don't even know what that is i don't
know what that is either okay i'm gonna
grab my laptop so we can look it up
oh my god what marvin that gucci xbox
that jeffy wants it's ten thousand
dollars what we can't afford that i know
why would he ask santa for that marvin
what are we gonna do we just have to
tell jeffy that santa ran out of gucci
parts at the north pole marvin we have
to get him that xbox otherwise he won't
believe in santa
oh
that's where i told santa claus i wanted
that's the gucci xbox yeah yeah we just
wanted to google it to see what it looks
like yeah and for your record if i don't
get that then that means santa claus
isn't real and now i'm going to scream
and i'm going to poke my eye
santa claus is going to get you that's
going to get you that exact one all
right well i'll be back in my room
i don't know i choked i i was under
pressure look we will figure something
out we can just get him a regular xbox
and write gucci on it and sharpie oh no
hey man what do you want well uh listen
i i felt kind of bad that vic conned you
out of a hundred bucks so i got him to
do something that i think you're really
gonna like i don't want anything from
him no no no you're going to love it
it's great so in about 30 seconds vic is
going to break in through your window
and pretend to be santa claus delivering
presents
that sounds like a terrible idea why
would you tell them to do that well come
on it'll be really cool because then
like your son is going to see him and
he's going to think santa claus is
delivering presents no don't let him do
that stop him i don't want to do it
too late that's him
[Applause]
santa claus here to deliver the presents
[Music]
you do know impersonating as santa claus
is punishable by death well well well we
meet again santa claus i thought i put
you away for good he should have killed
me
maybe i will
if you strike me down i'll probably die
that's the point
[Music]
wait what are you doing something i
should have done a long time ago santa
claus
enough of this
that that that didn't sound good uh just
just stay right here oh no
oh no
what's going on in here look man i don't
know i just snapped i don't know oh my
god vic you you killed santa claus look
when i was younger i never got the gifts
i wanted as a kid so when i saw him i
just snapped okay
where the hell did you even get a
lightsaber look i keep that thing on me
all at all times oh fix you're gonna go
away for a while i'm not going anywhere
i'm not going anywhere
oh vic
oh santa claus santa santa you okay do i
look like i'm okay boy i have a tree
crushing my windpipe i have stickers to
live no no santa don't say that what am
i gonna tell the children tell them
santa's dead he has died a violent death
who no no santa but what are they gonna
believe in now
uh hanukkah or something oh
no
[Applause]
you boys better find out who killed
santa claus it's a damn shame what
happened here the kids of the world will
be devastated
hi mate who do you think killed santa
claus i i don't know why would you even
ask me that i don't know why it's not
like i'm the kind of person who would
like know the kind of person who would
kill santa claus i don't know
oh mate look at this i found a beer
bottle and it's got saliva on it we
should test it for dna no no no no no no
i mean that that could be anybody's
spear bottle i i mean i could could be
mine
why would it be your beer bottle this
crime scene but because i i have a
drinking problem and i like to drink and
i come here to drink sometimes so it's
probably mine oh well i'm still gonna
test it for
dna it i need to warn vic
hey what was all that noise so uh
santa claus is dead santa claus is real
he's real dead is what he is what do you
mean santa claus is dead well vic kind
of snapped like he snapped santa claus's
neck with a christmas tree well vic
killed santa claus yeah he did well go
arrest vic i can't do that why do you
protect this guy so much oh listen me
and vic are childhood best friends he
always had my back growing up you know
like when kids would give me wedgies
he'd cut their hands off and if they
gave me swirlies he'd drown their entire
family in a lake that kind of thing
honestly i'm just kind of scared of him
when i don't want to do that oh you have
to go arrested you can't leave him on
the streets he's dangerous no no i don't
even want to talk about it anymore okay
everybody's happy your son's happy he
got to meet santa claus we're all happy
well i'm not happy my son wants a ten
thousand dollar gucci xbox for christmas
well then just tell him no be an adult
tell him that's an unreasonable thing to
ask for look santa's dead that should
make it easy i guess you're right the
news is on
breaking news okay santa claus has been
killed by an escaped convict named saint
vicholas also known as vic there's a ten
thousand dollar reward if you have any
information on vic that will lead to his
arrest
are you thinking what i'm thinking oh
yeah oh come on you guys wouldn't uh
wouldn't what you wouldn't rat out my
friend for ten thousand dollars oh look
we really need the money look jeffy
wants a gucci xbox oh come on don't rat
vic out just for an xbox he's got a good
heart well actually he has several good
hearts in his fridge because he sells
human organs on the black market you
said that he got out of jail after 15
years but the news says he's an escaped
convict well yeah he escaped after 15
years but he was only supposed to serve
six six years six life sentences that he
was convicted of it would have been more
but they couldn't find where the bodies
were buried because he ate them
so so please don't turn them in
okay yeah yeah we won't turn them in
right baby of course not yeah we won't
tournament but i i have some more jobs
for vic to do really yeah really oh
thanks man it means so much that you're
willing to help out my friend like this
what do you need him to do well my
toilet's clogged so do you think he can
come unclog my toilet oh yeah he's great
at that ah thank you so much i'll go get
him i'm gonna call the cops okay another
cough
okay so just stand right there and wait
a few minutes all right are you sure
vic's coming yeah he's coming so once
you arrest him i get ten thousand
dollars right yep all right oh that's
time that's him uh hello hey i'm here to
unclog your toilet
none of those are toilet plungers i can
make it work or come inside hey i really
appreciate you hiring me no one really
likes to hire a guy who murdered someone
oh yeah where is your new arrest what
you set me up
all right here's your ten thousand
dollars for ratting out vic thank you so
much all right baby we can finally buy
jeffy that gucci xbox now yay
hey how'd vic do oh you did not oh no we
didn't get that money by ratting out vic
or where'd the money come from then uh
slinging legs
which is it
yeah the the tooth fairy slings leg and
i'm her pimp and that's my cut for the
month oh that makes sense the tooth
fairy's pretty hot so uh you think i
could get an appointment with her huh do
i have to lose a tooth first or how does
that work or does it happen during is
she a freak i'm so sorry the tooth fairy
is all booked up for the month that
sucks well could you put in a good word
for me next time you see her i mean i'll
put a tooth under my pillow to get in
bed with her you know what i mean i'll
put in a good word for you buddy all
right thanks man i'm gonna go call vic
and see how he's doing
don't don't call vic you heard what
happened to vic right no what happened
oh yeah the uh uh elon musk is sending
him to mars yep yeah he is yeah vic is
gonna be the first guy on mars wow
that's great good for vic i'm so glad
he'll finally be remembered for
something good instead of killing santa
claus and all those other people yep yep
so don't even try calling them because
there's no cell service in space oh okay
well i'm gonna go home thanks man yeah
you're welcome all right let's go buy
jeffy this xbox okay
merry christmas jeffy oh boy oh boy oh
boy are you ready to open up your gift
well it better be a gucci xbox or
somebody lose my what what did you
just open it it might be that all right
let me see
oh a gucci box i didn't want a gucci box
i wanted a gucci xbox well we'll open up
the gucci box there might be another
prize in there all right let me see
a gucci xbox it's a christmas miracle
santa claus is real marvin do we tell
him that santa died
no no let's just enjoy christmas
you sit right there until the judge can
see you i'm not talking until i get a
beer
you thought you can get rid of me
remember kids be nice not naughty
[Music]