careful dud careful careful dude careful
careful dude careful shut up Joseph I
got it I'm sorry dude I'm sorry okay I
got it oh dude that was so close I know
I didn't think I was going to get it I'm
so happy we're playing Jenga yeah money
Jenga all right Richard it's your turn
all right which piece do I want to go
for uh oh this one oh be careful be
careful you lose actually it looks like
I'm winning all right guys what game do
you want to play next how about we play
hide and seek okay yeah I love hide and
seek I'm really good at hide-and seek
dude I'll be it I'll be it okay I'm
going count you guys hide 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 all right ready or not here I
come all right guys I'm going to find
you I just don't know where they're at
Joseph are you behind the teddy bear no
where could he
be Joseph are you inside the popcorn
container no where could he
be Joseph oh man how'd you find me dude
you were making a lot of noise nuh-uh I
was quiet as a mouse okay I got to find
Richard
now
Richard
Richard
Ching I'm allergic to your poor air well
I found you Richard so that's it uh that
mean Joseph you're right since I found
you first a man all right I'm going to
go hide who's that let me go answer the
door hello hey there I'm here to pick up
my son Richard okay Richard your Dad's
here oh thank God thanks for picking me
up Dad it's so poor here my allergies
were acting up oh and by the way Junior
I accidentally clogged your toilet sorry
but you clogged my toilet wait you
clogged his toilet yeah I accidentally
used too much money when I was wiping
too much money when you were wiping you
know you're only supposed to use one
bill at a time show me all right right
this way see Dad there it is that is it
mister you are grounded grounded for
what you know you're only supposed to
use one bill when you wipe and you're
wiping like we have endless amounts of
money which we do but you need to learn
the value of money so I think you need
to get a job a job ew poor yeah that's
exactly what we're going to do we're
going to get you a job and I think you
need to work at McDonald's McDonald's ew
poor people food now you get over here
and let me smack those stupid airpods
out of your stupid head come here come
on give me the other side come on all
right you'll get those airpods back when
you've earned them now let's go to
McDonald's welcome to your first day in
McDonald's how you feeling poor exactly
that's how we all feel until we start
making $15 an hour then we be lower
middle class well how much am I making
now $845 an hour $845 an hour that's not
too bad no no no no no my silly white
boy
$845 ew poor exactly let me show you the
food layout see we got hamburgers right
here nuggets there french fries lettuce
and tomatoes see all this stuff was
already made yesterday okay we just
leave it out to give it flavor and this
stuff right here here is the stuff
people return see we just keep passing
out the window to somebody accept it now
let me show you how to make a burger on
a traditional Burger you got meat cheese
lettuce tomatoes ketchup mustard and
mayonnaise see I know that's a lot but I
got a song to help you remember first
you add the meat then you add the cheese
don't forget the lettuce then you add
tomatoes catch your mustard mayonnaise
catchup mustard mayonnaise ketchup
mustard mayonnaise catchup mustard
mayonnaise you've got to be kidding me
no no no it's very catchy come on sing
it with me first you add the meat then
you add the cheese don't forget the
lettuce then you add tomatoes ketchup
mustard mayonnaise ketchup mustard
mayonnaise ketchup mustard mayonnaise
I'm not singing that poor song do you
want to get P yeah come on sing it with
me first you add the meat then you add
the cheese don't forget the lettuce then
you add Tomatoes Catch mustard
mayonnaise CCH must mayonnaise CCH
mustard mayonnaise mayonnaise
got somebody at the drivethru okay get
ready to make a sandwich and don't
forget the song all right all right oh
hello I ready to a
another one hey hey don't be throwing
bananas in my drivethru uh I'm ready to
order what you want uh can I get
oh you ready to order yeah can I get a
10 piece nugget dropped fresh a large
fry with no salt also dropped fresh with
salt packets in the bag a plain
cheeseburger and ice cream con a ice
cream machine bro mhm of course it is
well then in that case I'll just take
Kool-Aid to dry man we don't to sell
Kool-Aid we only got high seat oh I
can't see that you high cuz your ice
cream Sheen always broke look is that
all you want ma'am yeah all right your
total is 1738 all right you accept EBT
no you accept fool Styles no what can I
get your discount is it's my discount
man' look look can you please pull up
for so we get your food I ain't pulling
up for there ain't nobody behind
me my god look look I'll have you food
in a minute ma'am and they want $15 an
hour yeah you slam that window all right
Rashad what we have my name is Richard
listen Rashad I'm trying to teach you
something look what we have here is what
we call a bad customer you could tell
from a mile away it's a dead giveaway
you could tell by the by the color the
color of their car their car yeah yeah
she was driving a red car people who
drive red cars are always mad something
about the color red but uh do you know
what we do to bad customers
what ew poor yeah exactly now she wanted
a burger and some nuggets and fries
dropped so can you drop them on the
ground and take 10 minutes doing it she
also wanted a ice cream conb but we
always tell the customers that the ice
cream machine is broken to be honest
with you we don't even have a ice cream
machine I don't even know why it's on
the menu but uh get to making her food
and I'll be right back okay all right
what do I do again
oh yeah the song something about the
meat then you grab some nuggets how
about some fries don't forget the
tomatoes uh ketchup ketchup ketchup
ketchup ketchup ketchup ketchup ketchup
ketchup all right I'm done let me see
how you did boy what what is this it's a
cheeseburger the song Boy the song I
sing the song you got a lot to learn let
me just wrap this up and give it to her
okay what taking so long hey what I told
you about throwing in my
drivethru look look here's your fool
ma'am my fool hit the ground I'm going
need you to make me some more look I'm
not making another burger for you lady
well I also had nuggets and fries look
just have a good day okay let me speak
to your manager I am the manager all
right then would let me speak to the
owner look if you want to talk to the
owner how about you call Old McDonald
himself he live on the farm e i e i o
well I'll do you one better I'll call
May MC cheese we call May MC cheese then
all right this ain't the last you heard
me and they want $15 an hour get out of
my drivethru lady oh I leave it I leav
it and I'm going to take my banana too
all right Randy I want you to work the
drive-thru because I am scratched how do
I do that oh it's super simple they're
going to pull up to the window you say
what real mean because it's inconvenient
for you to take that order even though
you work here now they're going to give
you their order you make sure you get it
wrong because we want them to come back
they're going to say they're not going
to come back but we're McDonald's we got
dollar burgers and we're open 24/7 so uh
go to the window and get to working my
name is Richard come on Randy just go to
the window okay God all right work in
the Drive-Thru at least I don't have to
touch that poor people
food can I have some food ew did you
sneeze on the window I'm hungry oh
you're hungry well do you have money no
well then what are you going to give me
for food tomato ew I don't want your
poor tomato we don't accept Tomatoes
here I'm hungry well shoot get out of
here
shoot ew
poor Raymond did I just see you spray
Windex at one of our customers yeah
because he was poor Raymond Raymond
Raymond look all of our customers are
poor you just can't spray them with
Windex though how about we have the
perfect conversation you're supposed to
have at the window you be the driver
I'll be me okay Brom Brom Brom Brom Brom
in my Lamborghini whatever what do you
want why aren't you at Burger King why
are you ordering here can I get a
cheeseburger a cheeseburger
wind is right down the street all right
just pull up to the next window see it's
that simple see now you don't have to
spray people with Windex
okay forget my order wrong and you want
$15 hour you know what go go ah handle
the burgers I got this did you just
throw something at me mhm I borrowed a
tomato from a homeless man cuz I ran out
of banana what do you want from me lady
I just want my order right because my
booger had nuggets and fries on it Ain
that's what you wanted no I wanted it
all separately you know what look here's
your tomato back all right scram lady oh
and you want $15 yes I do yes I
do all right Ryan I don't know how much
longer I can work here me either look
I'm dreaming of bigger and better things
right like working at Chick-fil-A but
see the customers here is so annoying
and poor that
too oh another
one what do you want and can you please
stop hunking your home hey I stole my
Daddy's car cuz he wouldn't bring me to
get a Happy Meal cool cool cool what do
you want can get a cheese burger happy
meal with three toys uh the Happy Meal
only come with one toy well I want three
Toys you only getting one toy how about
three Toys it comes with one toy three
Toys one toy three
Toys okay
[Music]
okay all right Robbie we got another bad
customer at the drive through you know
how I knew because the color of the car
exactly the color of the car was red so
you know he's going to be mean any
wanted a Happy Meal with three toys look
this ain't toys or Russ I'm not giving
him all them toys you know what we're
going to do to his food we're going to
spit in the food Bingo you learning it
Robbie okay so uh fix the food and
remember the song okay okay all right
the song uh sometimes there's me bunch a
bunch of cheese lot a lot of lettuce uh
a couple chicken nuggets maybe a few
Tomatoes um ketchup ketchup ketchup
maybe the whole thing mustard mustard
mustard mustard mustard okay that looks
good all right it's ready let me check
the Happy Meal see how you did wait
Rachel you're not supposed to give them
all the ketchup and mustard oh I'm sorry
it's okay it's okay let me get him a
drink
yeah where's my Happy Meal oh here's
your happy meal with the three toys oh
thank you you're not
welcome baby
all right Rufus I'mma end your shift
early today since it's your first day
what does that mean that means you get
to go home oh thank God Char come pick
me up in the helicopter all right I'm
going to get your check and then you can
go home okay how much money did I make
well you only worked for like 10 minutes
so uh you made about 75 cents ew poor
welcome to the
club Dad I'm back from
work wait a minute ew you smell poor I
know but I got paid hold on let me see
that
75 congratulations you've made enough
money to buy three
gumballs oh Dad I have a confession to
make I don't want to be poor I don't
want to work at poor restaurants anymore
and and I'll even wipe my butt with 20s
listen son you don't have to wipe your
butt with 20s that would be a disgrace
to the Goodman name we only wipe our
butts with hundreds but the fact that
you said that you would wipe your butt
with 20s shows that you appreciate money
now so let's go home and get out of this
weird poor person's house oh thank you
Dad I love you so much I love you too
son Let's Go
[Music]