oh Marvin it's so hot the AC is broken
it's like 100 degrees in here hey Jeffy
can you blow me I know what like with a
fan oh you should just send that Daddy
oh that feels so good hey I want
you Jeffy she's your mother stepmother
and I've seen plenty of videos where
stepsons eat their stepmom's fish
biscuit what did she tell me that's a
gross get out of here all right Marvin
you need to call an AC repair man but
that's gonna cost money but it'll be
worth it okay I'll call one and see if
he can do it cheap I yeah thanks for
calling expensive AC repair services
Marvin you called expensive
try calling super cheap he repair
services but they didn't answer yeah I
never answered that phone what anyway
what's the problem well our AC is broken
I think oh that sounds expensive yeah I
guess I can get my ladder out and go
look at it but it's gonna cost you how
much how much you got baby how much do I
have my wallet uh I'm about 94. oh
that's crazy because that's exactly how
much I charge to get my ladder out and
look at your AC unit okay here you go oh
it is hot in here this cash is cool okay
yeah let me go get my ladder and I'll
take a look at it
okay time to figure out what's wrong
with the AC so I can charge you more
money okay let's see what's wrong with
this AC
haunted toys do not touch okay not
touching that let's see here oh well the
AC's not broken it just got turned off
all you have to do is turn it on but
then I can't charge them a bunch of
money okay I know I'll go downstairs and
tell them that the whole AC unit is
completely destroyed and that it's gonna
be really expensive to fix and then I'll
come back up here just play on my phone
for like an hour and then turn it on and
tell them I fixed it yeah oh man it is
it is just a train wreck up there so
it's broken oh broken it's not even the
right word I would say destroyed
demolished pillaged Savaged desolated
even so it's broken yeah it's broken
what happened to it oh I can't even
imagine what could have caused such
destruction was it how struck by
lightning and a tornado 100 times I
don't think so well I mean it is on fire
but fire yeah and it's flooding at the
same time I don't even know how it's
crazy floating with what with from
the sewer because I guess you see where
it got mixed up so whenever you flush
the toilet comes out of your AC oh
can I go up there and look no no no no
don't do that because it's also spraying
Asbestos and carbon monoxide is very
dangerous well okay well how are you
going up there I I had a hazmat suit but
I took it off because it was itchy from
all the asbestos well can you fix it oh
I can but it's gonna be really expensive
look how much oh like like five thousand
dollars cash we don't have five thousand
dollars cash oh I guess I could do it
for three thousand dollars cash I don't
think we have three thousand dollars
either well how much cash do you have
baby how much cash do we have if you
went in your purse and like check the
safe in the room
um maybe like five hundred dollars well
I guess I could do it for five hundred
dollars cash as long as it was Cash wait
how can you go from five thousand
dollars to five hundred dollars well I
just feel so bad because you're living
with a hazard you know it's dangerous so
I got to take care of it so yeah I'll do
it for 500 as long as it's cash baby get
the money okay yeah thank you for doing
this for us here you go my problem yeah
okay yeah this is great okay so I'm
gonna go work on that just don't check
on me okay it's very very dangerous by
the way do you have a phone charger what
do you need a phone charger for uh my
phone's dying I really want to listen to
some tunes while they work you know
That's What I Call Music 86. it's too
much trouble to go find new music so I
let them bring the music to me you know
that's what they call music That's What
I Call Music that's what I always say
okay I'm gonna go get to work just don't
come up there okay it's too dangerous oh
oh yeah it's a Stairway lean right to
the attic I bet my daddy's having my
Christmas presents up there I'm gonna go
check it out yeah yeah
oh it's snowing up here the North Pole's
in my attic Santa Claus lives in my
attic wow I can't believe I mean
Shannon's Workshop
haunted toys do not touch these must be
special toys that Santa Claus made that
he doesn't want anyone to play with well
I'm gonna go play with him
all right let's check out these haunted
toys
why is light here let's see if he can
fly
[Music]
Woody was right he's not even a flying
toy all right let's see what else we got
in here oh what is this thing
interesting
all right oh an ABC Board it'll help me
learn my ABCs A B C D E F G oh and what
is this looks like a magnifying glass so
I can see the letters better and it says
yes or no maybe I can ask you a question
and they don't tell
um ABC Board am I gonna get fat hoes
they said yes yay I'm gonna get fat hoes
thank you ABC Board you're welcome
who's that now open your mouth open my
mouth why just do it okay oh
Marvin it's so hot up here can we go
downstairs but baby the AC is broken
it's gonna be hot everywhere but it's
hotter upstairs because heat rises well
if heat rises then my wiener has heat
because it rises when I see
whatever let's just go downstairs and
make some dinner okay all right baby for
dinner me and you are gonna have a
mashed potato bowl oh yum and jeffy's
gonna eat green beans Jeffy dinner's
ready what do you want old man
[Applause]
Jeffy did you call yourself green with a
sharpie no I've been possessed by a
demon
okay demon eat your green beans how
about I just pissed
hey what's wrong old man you don't like
oh my God give me stop being on the
table you're peeing everywhere oh I'm
sorry am I pissing you off Jimmy stop it
all right I'm done Jeffy just go to your
room all right oh my God he he peed all
over the table baby what is wrong with
him
Jeffy you are so grounded
he threw up everywhere Marvin I think
he's really sick we need to call a
doctor the AC guy he's a doctor let's go
get him
die pigs hey hey hey what how did you
get up here wait are you playing Angry
Birds yeah yeah I I just I just finished
fixing your AC I did
I also killed those pigs you got you got
three stars well thank you yeah I did I
did but with my AC even broken oh yeah
it was super broken I just fixed it
that's that's why I have this
screwdriver right here you see because
it was it was this screw it was loose
and that that's what caused the whole
thing you know so one screw being loose
caused it to flood and catch on fire oh
yeah you'd you'd be surprised what a
screw can do it can really screw things
up you get it it's an AC repairman joke
you probably don't get it well like
you're a doctor right yeah oh my son's
really sick can you come check him out
how much cash he got I don't got any
more cash but do me a favor I guess
you're right I've screwed you over
enough today there was another one come
on okay okay my son's in here let me put
my doctor outfit on I put down towels
because of the throw up yo he's throwing
up yeah look at him
foreign
like that well he's not sick you guys
he's possessed but possessed Yeah by a
demon so what do we do well you call an
exorcist wait isn't he an exorcist no no
he needs in Exorcist see an exorcist
performs an exorcism to exercise a demon
okay so I call an exorcist yeah okay do
you think there's anyone around here hmm
try Googling expensive Exorcist okay
I'll see if there's a cheap one okay I
found a phone number for a place called
cheap exorcism services oh I wouldn't
call them it's ringing uh that's that's
probably my Mom calling I don't answer
her well it's kind of weird that while
I'm calling this number your phone's
ringing I mean it is a coincidence but
if you think about it there's 13.5
billion phone calls happening in the
world every day so it's not that much of
a coincidence that my phone would be
ringing while you're calling somebody
13.5 billion phone calls yeah it's true
look it up it's gonna go to voicemail
thank you for calling cheap exorcism
Services since we didn't answer our
phone maybe you should try calling
expensive exorcism Services they always
answer their phone what'd it say it's
said to call expensive exercising
Services yeah you should do that
okay I'm calling them oh hey my phone's
ringing I wonder who that could be hello
expensive exorcism services oh wait
that's me and yes I will do your
exorcism for you how much cash you got
just go get your outfit okay okay I got
my outfit on screw you screw you no
throwing toy arms
no throwing demon arms either father
help him yeah help me Daddy hold on I
got some holy water over here I mean
it's just Fiji Water but holy cow is it
good the power of Christ
yeah no that that's from Wizard of Oz
nice try
look the holy water's not working but
I've seen the movie I know what to do
hey demon possess me instead open your
mouth okay
um because that's Buzz Lightyear I
trapped him in this Buzz Lightyear toy I
am this is
now all I have to do is throw him down
the stairs to kill him take this demon
light year to infinity and Hell
oh
okay I threw Buzz Lightyear down the
stairs as long as nobody touches him
we'll be fine Jeffy are you okay oh my
head hurts yeah that's a side effect of
being possessed by a demon oh
Spiderman yeah but I took care of it so
where's the cash give me a thousand
dollars it's not called expensive
exorcism services for no reason we don't
have a thousand dollars oh yeah well
guess what your AC wasn't even broken it
was just turned off all I did was turn
it on and then play Angry Birds on my
phone so
Jeffy how are you feeling who wants to
watch me piss
[Music]