so guys what do you want to do today I'm
getting kind of hungry me too dude yeah
I guess I'm hungry also me four so what
do you want to eat you want to go to
McDonald's get some Happy Meals sounds
like a plan Junior yeah let's do it dude
what then
you guys the news is on Junior turn up
the news I need to hear it okay damn
freaking news Okay McDonald's is now
offering adult Happy Meals happy meals
for adults you must be 18 years or older
to purchase these Happy Meals if you are
cop purchasing or eating these adult
happy meals under the age of 18 the
penalty can be up to a year in jail I
don't Happy Meal dude I wish I could
have one yeah me too good guys we're not
18 yet they're adult happy meals for a
reason we're just gonna have to stick to
Little Baby meals until we turn
18. well I'm 18 years old so I can't
have any adult Happy Meal lucky that's
so crazy it's not fair you get to have
one and we can't wait we're hanging out
with an 18 year old wait what if Jeffy
goes and buys the don't have meals for
us yeah I'll drive but guys that's
illegal if we get caught we're gonna go
to jail hey shut the up shut up
shut up damn it yeah God we're gonna go
do something cool we need to don't Happy
Meals just stop saying things and come
on
I'm so excited to get that don't Happy
Meal me too Junior make sure mine's
nuggets mine too dude all right check it
we're all adults so can I get four adult
Happy Meals all with chicken nuggets and
Sprite and of course you know we want
that honey mustard
absolutely what if they ideas we're not
18. shout out Cody hopefully they don't
idiots I know you better hide in the
back dude
that's so cool
I can't believe we got our dough Happy
Meals they didn't even ideas I know dude
saying that we got adult Happy Meal song
we just got it all happy meals and we
are gonna eat them yes we are gonna eat
them yes we are gonna eat them yes we
are gonna eat them and they're gonna be
delicious wait what's that noise
uh dispatch I'm trying to pull over a
car with an expired tag but stand by it
doesn't look like they're pulling over
ah give me the cops pull over no dude
you're not getting out run them
yeah Jeffy keep going I'll bust a few
shots at him to scare them away what you
never did be alive damn
Jesus Christ dispatch is shooting at me
I need backup I'm all that ammo Jeffy
pull over we're gonna run for it all
right Josh if I'm pulling over yeah okay
okay I think they'll pull it over I
don't know what they're doing I'm gonna
proceed with caution
okay everyone run grab your Happy Meals
I'm out of here dude
guys my seatbelt stuck hell wait where'd
you put your seatbelt on he was driving
crazy I didn't want to go to the
windshield it's stuck the cops are right
there I gotta running around yeah no oh
they got into the car they run him I'm
pursuing on foot
dude oh the dude the cops getting Cody
just leave him leave him leave him no
he's gonna snitch Cody would not do that
dude he's the biggest snitch I know
you're right we have to get Cody yeah
you can't take all three of us let's go
aha caught by the seat belt huh well you
and your friends are in a lot of trouble
but if you snitch I'll let you go
get in there all right now let's go home
and eat our adult Happy Meal yeah send
that right there and shut up while we
eat her I don't have any meals yeah punk
what you guys kidnapped the cop yeah we
don't want to arrest you but guys now
our charges are gonna be 10 times worse
than they already were World charge is
going to be before well before it was
just gonna be us getting these adult
Happy Meals but now it's kidnapping
eluding the police shooting at the
police assault and battery and expired
tags well look now we have to kill him
because you admitted to everything in
front of them oh dude where's the
baseball bat well Joseph before we kill
him let's eat our adult Happy Meal oh
yeah what toy did we get oh cool I got
the hamburger I got an old ducky high on
quack oh I got a fish fry guy oh wait
better give me a toy Junior how would an
adult react I'm gonna go home and beat
my wife exactly okay you know what
actually go back to being a kid
they didn't give me a toy my adult Happy
Meal yeah that's actually better and the
dog is a stone thing is stupid dog yeah
I don't really get why these can't be
for kids and I also don't really get why
he has four eyes and looks like he was
drawn by a five-year-old yeah don't hug
me with a dumb maybe the food tastes
different maybe maybe it taste like for
adults
Well ma'am I don't know how to tell you
this but her husband's been kidnapped
and we don't even know if he's still
alive
boy me they're there man if you ever
need a rebound I'm available
back up She's Mine I've been waiting for
this moment for years killing if you
ever need a pelvis to cry on mine's
freshly shaved
oh I'm sure you are sure you are listen
why don't we go back to my place and
grab some drinks maybe some orange juice
oh
yeah oh it's gonna be super safe we'll
just shaking missionary okay everybody
get the hell out of my office
this chicken nugget doesn't taste any
different than a normal Happy Meal yeah
these fries are no different than the
free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week which I guess I'll
have next week because I have these
right now I mean the toy is pretty cool
though dude look I'm a fresh fat man his
name is not French right man his name is
Cactus buddy what he doesn't even look
like practice dude he looks like a
french fry I have no idea what's going
on what the news
police officer has been kidnapped
this police officer called 9-1-1
immediately the kidnappers are believed
to be armed and extremely dangerous
from the news you hear you hear the new
news yes Cody I heard the news you did
you heard the news the
yeah guys we're gonna go to jail for a
million billion bajillion years
yeah Cody no one's ever gonna find out
the cop is here wow Junior we can't keep
him here forever sure we can we can take
care of them we can feed him adult Happy
Meals we can feed them french fries and
chicken nuggets or we could just eat
them like Jeffrey Dahmer did did someone
say Jeffy no he said Jeffrey oh close
enough no no one's eating anyone listen
we can take care of them guys like
taking care of a baby all we gotta do is
feed him and he'll be good okay well
wouldn't you like that little fella look
at that he's not his head he's so happy
guys I don't want to be a part of this
I'm getting out of here before the cops
come but I'm taking the Hamburglar with
me but don't take the hamburger that's
the coolest one yeah all right let's
take the duct tape off of them and see
if we can reason with them okay dude you
kids aren't gonna get away with this
I've seen your faces dude he's really
pissing me off can I kill him now no
we're not gonna kill him we're gonna
work
out why are you so cranky Mr Officer do
you want a chicken nugget or a french
fry no I do not want a chicken nugget or
a french fry you guys kidnap me I want
you to let me go We're Not Gonna Let You
Go because then you're gonna arrest us
yes I will well then there's no reason
for us to let you go cause you're gonna
arrest us okay well maybe I can talk to
the judge and get you a lighter sentence
that's not good enough yeah I need 50
million dollars a private jet and two
tickets to see Drake in concert with
that's completely unreasonable I can't
get those things what just the two
tickets to see Drake in concert then how
about you just drop our charges and
we'll let you go but no I can't do any
of that okay then we're not gonna let
you go until you drop the Chargers and
you sign a contract saying you're not
gonna arrest us and it's notarized what
nobody's gonna notarize anything if they
see me tied up well then I'll get a
blind notary what would be the point of
a blind notary well I don't know Jeffy
do you know a notary yeah I know a
notary I'll go get him all right well
he's gonna get a notice you're gonna
notarize the document saying you're not
gonna arrest us yeah hey Junior I think
I found your notary when I asked him if
he was a notary he went
no you have to get out of here you're
part of the bad company that tried to
sue us well no he's actually owned by
Microsoft he is yeah he sounds like rare
which is a subsidiary of Microsoft but
his first game was on the 64 console
yeah but then Microsoft bought the
rights to him that's why the third game
is so shitty on the Xbox 360. but he's
in the new Smash fighting game well yeah
but I'm pretty sure we're in the clear
no I don't want to risk it you should
just get out of here I don't want to get
sued so what are we going to do now wait
what kind of toys did you guys get with
these adult Happy Meals uh we got the
cactus buddy we got the birdie and we
got the Hamburglar you got the
Hamburglar that's super rare I want one
of those well Cody has it and he left
okay okay I'll tell you what if you can
get me the hamburger I'll pretend none
of this ever happened and I'll drop all
the charges oh but Cody has the
hamburger at his house look if you can
get him from your friend then we can
have a deal okay guys we have to go to
Cody's house to get the Hamburger
because he'll drop all the charges okay
dude okay that was a good distraction
don't get me the hell out of here
all right guys when I knock on the door
Cody's gonna give us the hamburger and
they're gonna drop all the charges all
right let's do it
hello oh Tyrone come look Christmas
Carol is there early oh Christmas
careless wait say no more with the red
nose it's October send it up Rudolph the
Red-Nosed Reindeer had a very oh no no
no no no it's all wrong it's off key
damn it now bring me some Jeffy
we're not Christmas carolers we're here
to see Cody oh he's in his bedroom with
his new Dolly yeah we want to go see him
oh no no when Cody gets a new Dolly he
likes to touch it yeah it's true well he
said that we could come see it oh okay
he's experimenting with something new
come right in okay we're freaking oh
Hamburglar What secrets do you have in
your mind hey Cody what guys what are
you doing here you didn't bring the cops
here did you no but we need the
hamburger back but no he's mine but the
cop said if we give him the hamburger
he'll drop all the charges well of
course he said that this is the coolest
toy well look we have to take it because
one of the Chargers drop but no I'm not
letting you have him Joseph Jeffy Taco
wait no no no no no no get him down get
off me all right Cody give the toy to
the cop and when the charger drop we'll
come back no no mate o there bring me
back I am
all right Simmons when they get back
we're gonna tackle them and arrest them
well how's four I get who you get to
what if they're really strong they're
not strong Simmons they're kids well
they were strong enough to kidnap you
until you oh yeah well don't worry about
it Simmons we got this okay they're
coming High all right I got the
Hamburglar toy wait where'd the officer
go get him Simmons I thought you could
kidnap me huh where are your friends
they already left the country well it
looks like you're getting all the
charges then cuff him Simmons I don't
have any handcuffs but really you don't
have any handcuffs no I don't want to go
to jail yeah well maybe you should have
thought about that before you got those
Happy Meals and you fleed from me and
you beat me up and you kidnap me and you
you did all that look I got you the
hamburger toy you said you'd leave me
alone you think I care about the stupid
little toy look we gotta work on a deal
I Won't Last a Day in jail please work
something out huh like like some kind of
game okay I'm thinking of a number
between one and ten if you can guess
what that number is I'll let you go huh
seven damn it um if you can guess that
number again I'll let you go
seven damn it oh come on I didn't think
you'd guess seven again I thought it was
being tricky okay if you can guess that
number a third time I will let you go uh
four ha it was three you suck balls suck
ball says what what you said balls
you're under arrest haha oh come on you
said if I got you the Hamburglar toy you
would drop all the charges then you
actually believed me did you really say
that mate what that if the kid got you
the hamburger toy you'd let him go well
yeah but I needed a distraction well you
can't just lie to the kid like that that
makes you a liar is that really the
example you want to set for children
being a liar no but I mean you know if
you're a liar Santa Claus won't come see
you mate no but I got such a long list
this year well then you need to do the
right thing and tell the truth okay fine
I guess you can go and I'm gonna drop
all the charges and blah blah blah blah
and all the noise noise noise noise and
last can of who hash okay so I'm free to
go yeah I guess so but mate the captain
wanted us to arrest someone huh well I
guess we could arrest the Hamburglar we
could just say he was trying to burgle
my hamburgers well your mama's trying to
burgle my hamburgers last night oh come
on Simmons all right let's get out of
here bud okay kid we're leaving but I'm
Gonna Leave You with this nope stop it
knock it off
[Music]
foreign
[Music]