hey daddy what you know what Jeffie
weird you the big medieval hammer from I
found it well put it back where you
found it
I dig yes you dudes are gonna do exactly
what I say put the hammer back why do
the hammer that big anyway one day
there's a bug in the house how much
watch it will you don't need a hammer
that big to squish a bug was your big
bug daddy okay why not moving who's at
the door hello Mario do you know what
today is
no it's Cinco de give me your house pen
what yeah
today's the fifth month that you've
missed your house pink fifth month
I've only been four months well today
marks the fifth month we work something
out more you do you know what your
credit score is no Cinco Cinco yeah five
five or just something else for you hmm
well there is one thing more you let me
in my house now I'll explain okay okay
all right good man says I can't be my
house man anything you want that doesn't
involve money I want a brand-new
Lamborghini I can't afford that
well you did steal it but if you steal
it make sure you steal the title too
okay anything else with that I will then
take me to feed you Mario I would a
bottle my own water I can't take you to
Fiji because I lost money well you can
swim and then I'll hold on to your back
come on Jimmy let's go anything else
about that what more you what can you
offer me oh I can give you a haircut Wow
five months of missed house payments and
you think you can all just be solved
with a haircut what do you think I look
like a porcupine what do you want from
me anything
simple Mario I don't even know ki can
you cook me dinner at least so I can get
something out of this well yeah we have
a chef's so we can cook you dinner Oh
what can you cook well anything anything
you want anything
yeah hmm well well I do have a list of
all the things that I eat for dinner
every single night
what does their mom we'll get a cooked
up we'll do it all right well the start
I want a t-bone steak medium rare
peppercorn with blue cheese crumbles day
with a side of roasted baby carrots for
baked potatoes
squishy green beans pickled artichoke
hearts a fruit croissant from Burger
King and a cake with hardly any icing I
think you got all that Mario I got the
t-bone steak let's just start with that
I guess all right oh man I'm so tired
hey chef peepee oh hey Mario what are
you doing I'm just trying to finish
cleaning up the kitchen oh I'm so
exhausted from cooking all day man I
couldn't cook another meal
lino because of how tired I am oh you're
that tired yeah it's two o'clock in the
morning Mario oh well I was just
wondering if you could cook me a t-bone
steak did you not just hear what I said
tomorrow yo guys it's two o'clock in the
morning I'm so tired exhausted from
cooking I'm gonna cook another meal I
know but I'm really hungry I haven't ate
all day and I would just really want my
t-bone steak the doctor said I need to
eat that all the time so I was wondering
if you could just make one more thing
before you go to bed really a t-bone
steak yeah you know what luckily I have
one right here what you do yeah it'd
take about 20 minutes to cook but that's
the only thing I'm gonna cook Mario hope
that you should people you're a
lifesaver
I know I know I am there's a big ol damn
he was supposed to cook me this take my
life excuse me what are we gonna do
about the steak dish thing daddy but no
you can't baby do it so I know how you
do it
no choice
fine jumpy mistake but you have to get
it right to do it right
if you do it right I'll take you to the
toy store next year okay yeah sure repo
daddy
one checking on that steak looks but
that's exactly how chef peepee cook it
well well maybe cook the opposite of
chef peepee all right hopefully good
will accept is that gummy worms Oh hope
they'll accept it
all right good man here's your steak I
have so many questions like what well
first of all why does my steak burnt to
a crisp and second of all are those
gummy worms and third of all why is all
this being served to me on a cupcake pan
it's an easy explanation the steak we
just cooked a little too long
uh-huh you think and the gummy worms
everyone has a gummy where I'm from
their steak oh I'm sorry I guess all the
five-star restaurants that I've been to
just forgot to put the gummy worms on
stage yeah that's a common mistake and
this the cupcake pan we just ran out of
plates uh-huh sure and how am I supposed
to eat this Mario oh I got you
silverware you pour I only use gold
where well gold where yeah because I'm
that privilege for you oh okay well take
your gold where it start eating I can't
eat this Mario know without my hockey
stick hockey stick yeah and there's the
puck and
to win the Stanley Cup well actually the
Stanley Cup cake pan in this case so
you're not gonna eat it no more I can't
this is disgusting
okay well name something else off your
list we'll get it done Wilmore you just
just forget the list I'm gonna make this
easy on you you know what I want what I
want dinosaur dinosaur yeah
dinosaur Mario I want to be the first
human to eat dinosaur how I get a
dinosaur I don't know Marv you that's
for you to figure out and for me to eat
what if I can't buy a diet that's
impossible
well Mario when you get back here you
better bring me dinosaur or five months
in your house payment now excuse me I
got a hockey game you win score from me
okay Mario hey there you call the animal
control yes I did thank you so much for
coming all right now what's the problem
you got a skunk in your house or a bat
in the attic or oh you got a rattlesnake
in your toilet though suck oh man they
bite you on the butt then you got to
have somebody suck the poison out I'd be
lying if I said they didn't kind of like
it though
oh no no I don't have an animal problem
okay then why did you call animal
control
well I have an animal problem but it's
not really a problem yet okay well thank
you for warning me now what's the
problem okay well I need your help
getting a certain kind of animal okay
well I'm not a pet store I can't just
give you animals what do you want a
journal or a goldfish just go to the
store wonder the animal I want is really
really hard to find and you can't buy it
from a store well in like a narwhal or a
Jackalope of the Loch Ness monster what
you're gonna be mad but I need your help
getting a dinosaur a dinosaur yes well I
can't get you a dinosaur they're extinct
I don't even need a dinosaur what are
you trying to live out some kind of
childhood fantasy or something we're
gonna have a really rich friend and he
wants to pay me to get a dinosaur
because he wants to eat it he wants to
eat a dinosaur yes well he's not going
to eat a dinosaur I don't know what menu
he's looking at but it's a couple
hundred million years old we're fresh
out of dinosaurs sorry unless he wants
to suck on the bone in which case you
can just call me has to be a way to get
dinosaur like that didn't scientists
like fries won or something oh yeah
frozen dinosaur just go down to the
store in the frozen food section next to
the hot pockets and pick up the dinosaur
yeah it'll be great I'll just come back
here pop it in the microwave for two
minutes dinosaur nuggets it'll be
delicious okay
look we can't like make a time machine
or something a time machine okay yeah
I'll just go all the way back home get
my time machine and drive all the way
back here so there's no way no I'm
saying I could go home and get my time
machine but it will take forever it's a
really long drive you have a time
machine well yeah of course I have a
time machine everybody's got a time
machine well I don't have a time machine
what do you poor what Thomas you got
your house yeah well then driving get it
well you get gas money
look gas money yeah it's a long drive
did you get some bad guys of gas money
here sweet all right I'll be right back
with the time machine all right I got
the time machine what this is a time
machine yeah well how does it work well
you just say the you you want to go back
through and that microphone up there
then I pull the trigger and then we go
there all right well when the dollars
exist um like 200 million BC okay so I
say it into this yeah all right 200
million BC maybe it just needs to warm
up first hold on all right now say it
again Oh 200 million BC huh okay yeah oh
you know why I know what I know what's
wrong I got the fart machine instead of
the time machine I should have gotten a
time machine a part machine yeah yeah
sorry about that I keep them right next
to each other well go back to how thick
is the pie machine ah but it's such a
long drive though I need a time machine
gas money all I has a dollar okay
I guess all right now this is the real
time machine whoa now that looks legit
yeah it is it's made by Sony well it's
so cool so how does it work
same as before you just say to you you
want to go back to right here at the top
and I push the button all right 200
million BC
no come on all right I think it just
needs to warm up all right now say it
again
better not fart 200 million BC weird 200
million BC alright yeah now we just got
to find a dinosaur
okay what's your plan now genius okay
okay how about this that we call its
name it comes over here anyway gets
really close to us we press the button
tried to go home with us what if the
machine just farts again who thought
while you shake it out okay okay all
right I got my tranquilizing machine
well we will shoot it with it okay I
think it works it works
okay I don't get why you farted but it
worked okay so let's go collect the meat
so we can cook it give it to my friend
okay okay all right so this is the best
piece of meat you can get off the
dinosaur well what part is this this is
his rib it's the most tender juiciest
part of the dinosaur if I was gonna eat
a dinosaur it'd be that piece all right
so he's gonna cook it and give it to my
friend then yeah just grill it up with
some salt and pepper just those two
because those are the only two spices I
know all right what do you do it the
rest of the dinosaur I'm probably just
gonna let it rot over there you know you
come up it's already got stains in it
and I'm not cleaning that up all right
um can you help me take this in the
kitchen
no it's heavy all right Jeffy make sure
you cook it right that's the only done
it for me we have hard daddy
all right good man
here's your dinosaur rib well that's a
huge piece of meat that's a big steak
yeah I actually went back in time to get
this dinosaur meat for some reason I
don't believe you
no no I really went back in time and we
got a dinosaur we brought it back and
here you go here's your dinosaur steak
mmm
I'm about to eat this like a wild animal
Mario I don't even need my gold where
I'm just gonna put my hands behind my
back I'm gonna Bob for dinosaur
all right well enjoy them let me know if
there's anything else you need okay can
do all right Goodman how was the
dinosaur oh excuse me that was
everything I hoped for
it was amazing Mario what really yeah
okay so what does that mean that means I
was the first human to eat dinosaur yeah
but what else does that mean you know
about my house payment oh yeah you're
helping well I'll excuse your house
payment Mario but you will one of them
what what yeah you still owe me four
more months of house payment so I'll be
here next month to get five house
payments and maybe then I'll request a
Williams steak for dinner
oh okay yeah so have a good night Morgan
thanks fine
like I guess huh everything turned out
great today
hey Lia Mario hey what's up well before
I left I went to the bathroom and I sat
down on the toilet and look what I found
well that'll snake get me right on the
butt you know what to do
[Music]