hey Daddy can I have some chocolate milk
I'll make you some later Jeffy not right
now but I can pour it all by myself no
you can't you're going to spill it and
make a big mess but Marvin I've been
teaching him to pour his own chocolate
milk he can do it without spilling any
no he can't he's going to make a huge
mess then I promise I won't spill a
single ounce of chocolate milk anywhere
but in your cup I I just don't believe
you Marvin trust him yeah Daddy trust me
I just don't Marvin just let him
try okay fine Jeffy you can pour your
own chocolate milk but I swear if you
spill any of it on the floor you're
grounded all right daddy I'm going to
spill some milk I'm going to spill some
mil no je get back here no he's singing
I'm going to spill some milk no Daddy I
said I'm going to pour some milk it's
said old age Daddy no no you said spill
no I didn't I said pour you need to get
your ears
checked okay I'm going to spill some
milk I'm going to SP he said pour Marvin
all right I'm going to pour me some
chocolate milk just like mommy taught
me there I did didn't even spill it now
how am I going to get it upstairs H oh I
[Music]
know what was that crashing noise maybe
it came from the neighbor's house no it
came from our kitchen it's Jeffy yeah
home run I made it in the sink but I was
aiming for upstairs so oh well I told
you he was going to spill it but but we
practice Jeffy why'd you spill the
chocolate milk I didn't spill it then
how'd it get all over the floor cuz I
hit it with with my back why would you
do that cuz I was trying to get it
upstairs why didn't you just walk it
upstairs cuz my legs don't work Jeffy
you made this mess on purpose daddy if I
wanted to make a mess on purpose this is
what I would do but don't don't you get
whoops
CH that is it that is it I'm calling a
doctor to find out what's wrong with his
head I just spilled some milk I just
spilled your milk and I just called the
doctor to fix what's wrong with your
brain hey Le somebody call a doctor oh
yes doctor there's something wrong with
my son I need you to fix him yeah
there's a crack in my butt so I think I
need a new one but no he does the
opposite of everything I tell him to do
oh yeah like the things from Cat in the
Hat a I love that book I was talking
about the movie I've never read the book
it's too long look look I just want you
to help me fix my son cuz I told him to
pour a glass of chocolate milk without
spilling it and guess what he did he
spilled the chocolate milk no he hit it
with a baseball bat and Spilled it
everywhere wow yeah yeah okay I can see
we're dealing with some serious bad
boyness so so how do I fix him H well
what do you do when you're mad at him I
yell at him really loud yeah and it's
really starting to scar me emotionally H
well maybe he's just doing this stuff to
get attention what yeah you know some
kids get in trouble on purpose cuz they
think it's funny when their parents yell
at them so so maybe if you just ignore
him he'll stop being bad no if I ignored
him he'd keep doing the bad stuff well
no cuz eventually he'd get bored cuz no
one's paying attention to him huh I mean
but it's hard to ignore him cuz he makes
a lot of loud noises okay well I'll just
prescribe you these uh these earplugs so
you don't have to listen to them I use
them whenever I'm around my wife cuz
she's like nag nag nag and I'm just
sitting there with my earplugs in so I
don't have to listen to her you know
just alone with my thoughts thinking
about all the mistakes I've made like
marrying her hm that sounds like a good
idea I wasn't talking to you book reader
I was talking to him well I think it's a
good idea all right well let's do it I
guarantee this will make you kids stop
being bad okay baby let's put some
earplugs in and ignore Jeffy okay all
right baby I have the earplugs in my
ears what I have the earplugs in my ears
I can't hear you I have earplugs in my
ears what are you saying what huh I
think I'm just going to ignore Jeffy I
can't hear what you're saying but I'm
just going to ignore
Jeffy Daddy Daddy what are those things
in your ears dny Danny what are those
things in your ears Danny if you don't
answer me I'm going to call the cops all
right I'm going to call the
cops Daddy are you ignoring me all right
challenge
accepted you guys might not be able to
hear me but you'll definitely be able to
feel me
huh looks like I'm all out you guys are
really going to stick with this ignore
me thing huh all right cuz I got more
silly stuff I'll be right
back all right baby just keep ignoring
them what all right daddy you still
going to keep ignoring me if you keep
ignoring me I'm going to beat the hell
out of you all right right you asked for
it wow you're a trooper daddy you're
still going to keep ignoring me after
all that I'm going to have to go get the
big guns
now Marvin are you okay no
what how much longer are we going to
ignore him for what all right Daddy I
got the big guns you still going to play
this game
all right mommy you want some
too wow they keep wantan to play this
ignoring me game maybe one day they'll
learn oh my head hurts what I said my
head hurts what take those earplugs out
of your ears I said my head hurts how
much longer should we ignore him for I
don't know Marvin but I think he's
starting to get bored now I hope so all
right daddy prepare to get sniped all
right let me aim right at your eye and
boom Oh my God Marvin oh wow what a shot
right
mommy what why are you guys still
ignoring me stop
it all right fine I give up you guys
win he gives up he gives up that doctor
was right Marvin oh my God thank God
yeah that doctor was right all we had to
do was ignore him and he'd
stop wee we I'm having so much fun we we
e we we e we yeah he I don't want
anybody to get confused what we're
talking about yeah hey Junior it's kind
of hot in here can you turn on the fan
why don't you do it me m e me yeah yeah
you go go go flip the light switch no no
no no no no uh light flick machine light
flick machine yeah yeah yeah God they
own so many words I know what's wrong
Jeffy my mommy and daddy are ignoring me
well isn't that a good thing doesn't
that mean you can do whatever you want
yeah if they're ignoring you they're
basically saying they don't care what
you do you can do whatever you want hm I
didn't think of it like that oh but
since you guys mentioned it now I want
to do the most illegal thing that we can
think of you guys got any ideas uh you
could do tax evasion you can go to
federal prison for tax evasion yeah but
they have tennis courts and ice cream
why doesn't everyone just do tax evasion
I think Jeffy should do something even
more illegal what's the most illegal
thing in the entire world h o you could
cook math what yeah that show Breaking
Bad they cooked math but they didn't
cook math Junior yeah they cooked math
didn't you listen to the show so Jeffy
you could just cook math like cook
subtraction addition oh and then you
could sell it see see see selling math
is illegal that's why school's free but
Junior I think maybe you misheard what
they said in the show no they were
talking about math so Jeffy we and you
should all go whoa whoa whoa no I put an
and between it I don't know about that
oh it's not like I said
GameCube you are walking on hot water
there mister game Q-tip Q-tip yes get
very fun Q-tip yeah yeah yeah yeah that
that anyway let's just go cook math come
come on C do it with us okay all right
do it all right we have all different
kinds of math here so let's get to
cooking well how do we start cooking
math Junior I don't know Cody how do you
cook math they didn't cook math what did
they cook then well you know we can't
say it what I mean sorry you know we
can't say it look all I remember from
the show is the blue math was the most
valuable right yeah hey look look the
blue math is on the addition cards so
cook the addition that's worth more
money okay there's someone at the door
hold on Cody just just teach Jeffy how
to cook math what uh hello hey there ah
the cops what are you doing here we were
in the neighborhood cracking down on
math labs and I'm wondering if there's
math in your house no no there's no math
in my house well this rat here has been
trained to smell out math and he says
there's math in there a smell MTH but
stop ratting me out rat I can't help it
I'm a rat yep that's about as much
mileage as that joke Scott all right I'm
coming in to look for math well no no I
promise there's no math in here well the
rat said he smells math so we're coming
in Jeffy Cody run we have to get out of
here the cops are here con already left
what oh my God look at all this MTH I
have nothing to do with this I'm running
you you must be the Kingpin of this math
operation oh I'm sorry I started cooking
math because my parents stopped caring
about me yeah that's how it starts
parents stop paying attention to their
kids and next thing you know they're
slinging math on the streets all right
come on we're going to go talk to your
parents I'm shutting down this math
operation hey there the cops Jeffy what
did you do care to explain this what is
that that's math math Jeffy where did
you get math he was cooking it cooking
math where did we go wrong oh my God
what are they teaching our kids in
school math it's all over the schools
it's in middle schools high schools
colleges I hear in some places they're
doing math as early as kindergarten oh
my God they need to crack down all this
math Jeffy why' you start cooking math
well you guys were ignoring me so I
didn't know what else to do oh my God
officer what could we have done
differently should have paid more
attention to your son well you're the
one who told us to ignore him no do me
told you to ignore him police officer me
saying you should have paid more
attention to your son see you're lucky
because he hasn't actually started doing
math yet see how it isn't filled out
yeah see if he had actually started
filling that out and doing math he'd be
hooked for life so I'm just going to let
him off with a warning this time but if
he ever gets busted from math again
he'll be in a lot of trouble okay we we
need to be better parents to our son all
right Jeffy we're going to start we're
going to start taking care of you we're
going to start paying attention so what
is something you want to do right now um
I want some chocolate milk like earlier
I should have helped them pour it so I'm
going to help you pour chocolate milk
like a good father no Daddy I think I
got it no no I'm going to help you no I
can pour my own chocolate milk no I'm
definitely going to help you pour it
because you're going to hit it with a no
you're not I'm going to pour the milk
for you I'm going to pour the milk for
you
[Music]