guys tomorrow is summer vacation I know
dude I can't wait to play video games
all summer and go to the beach yeah it's
going to be so much fun best summer ever
guys today's our last day of
kindergarten and we have to pass because
if we fail we have to do kindergarten
again next year for God's sakes we're 15
this shouldn't be hard Cody we're going
to pass today's test yeah dude we got it
in the bag we failed the coloring exam I
know but we're going to pass today's
test it's not going to be hard Cody come
on just keep your head in the game let's
go yeah
I'm getting a headache blue blocks
blocks I po my all right class settle
down settle down class class be quiet
I'm trying to get rid of you guys be
quiet did you hear say be
quiet oh principal sebeck you're here
yes I am I came to check on these
imbeciles well we were just about to
start our day
[Music]
let me talk to him hey you freaks you
booger picking bastards you baloney
lickers today is your last day of
kindergarten for some of you for the
rest of you you might have to stay in
this hell hole with her all summer long
for summer school well way oh please no
I want my Summers off too oh no you get
paid $330,000 a year that's plenty
garbage truck drivers make
$60,000 per year you make us a garage
truck driver shut up mkey anyway today
is your final exam and I'm going say my
butt ride in this chair and watch every
single one of you and make sure no one
cheats because we wouldn't want anyone
to just pass these kids so they didn't
would have to teach summer school right
me I would never okie dokie cuz you know
I run a tight ship here they call me
Captain Steinbeck AR where's the
booty I found it
all right Miss di Patrick do your thing
go all right class everyone try your
hardest not to fail I fa kinderen three
times I know Mikey but this year's going
to be different you're going to pass
this year all right class I'm going to
call you up one by one and ask you a
question if you answer that question
correctly you pass wait one question oh
they're really hard questions uh Cody
why don't you come up here first go up
there Cody oh I better pass this you're
going to fail good luck Cody you got
this thanks Freddy all right let's do
this thing all right Cody I'm thinking
of a word that starts with the letter F
and has a th in the middle of the word
th makes the th sound th th I know what
th sounds like but that word could be
anything no Cody that word can't be
anything because anything starts with
the letter A does he not know the
difference between a a and an F oh he
does no I do I just meant it could be a
lot of words how about this if you get
it wrong you're going to get it F and
fail okay well it starts with an F has a
th um is it father uh yes correct you
passed but really cool I guess that was
pretty hard let me see that card oopsie
I dropped it clumsy ass I'll get it oh I
think I need a
spanking
okay all right Cody well you pass Junior
why don't you come up next woohoo yeah
I'm done with kindergarten lucky guest
good job
all right it's my turn all right Junior
your word starts with the letter X hm is
it X array correct you got it right you
passed yay no no no no that was too easy
it's only like one word that starts with
it next I'll choose the card oh this one
oh there's no way he's going to get that
word right well then he fails okay
Junior well your word starts with the
letter o o makes the o sound and your
word has two o's in it is it boobies no
junior junior your word starts with the
letter O is it ooh boobies no Junior o
not ooh oh oh look at those boobies
Junior I like this kid but no you only
got one more try and then you
fail okay Junior this thing makes a
sound is it an owl owls go hoot hoot no
no hoot no Junior no no no he fails wait
no one more guess one more try can I see
the word
oh there's no way he's getting that I
know I know okay Junior um try again and
oh it looks like something's on your
elbow is the word my elbow no no Junior
it's elbow elbow what's an OBO it's an
instrument oh he fails go to your seat
Well I fail kindergarten yeah you fail
kindergarten oh wow oh no looks like
you're going to be teaching summer
school I want Mikey to go next
and I want this to be his word oh well
hold on I I think I'm a little thirsty
um do you want
some I'm so sorry oh no you you
freaking oh you got it all over my
elk skinn jacket
freak now I got to go outside and let it
dry oh you better not let anybody cheat
oh you're going to lose your freaking
job
freak freak freaking
freck freak God all right class he's
gone I not teaching summer school with
you ugly bastards so every single one of
you is going to pass kindergarten Junior
will figure it out later Mikey get your
ass up here to take your final exam I
can't believe I failed let me show you
how smart I really am guys all right
Mikey this word starts with the letter F
it's an animal that lives in the ocean
um FL no Mikey no it's a fish but
actually when frogs start out as tpes
they live in the water so they're kind
of like fish so correct you pass I
didn't say fish I failed I'm Sorry Miss
padrick I guess I just see you oh no
Mikey that's okay we're we're just going
to try again we're going to do another
animal that starts with the letter G and
it lives in Africa oh gorilla no Mikey
it's a giraffe I fa again no it's it's
okay you know what we're just going to
try again we're going to do another one
but there's only supposed to be one God
it doesn't matter Mikey okay this animal
was really easy cuz you already guessed
it a gorilla no Mikey no no no this is
the first animal you guessed it starts
with the letter F FISH no I'm not
to say that word that's a no no W no you
know what Mikey uh you passed how
because you already guessed frog I did
guess frog you might I passed yay yes
you did okay Joseph get up here we're
going to do your exam too fuding easy
guys she gave you like a million chances
Mikey yeah well a a pass all right
Joseph your word starts with the letter
P and it's pink oh easy penis what no no
no no it's p it's pink and you can eat
it oh dub no what Joseph uh Joseph it's
Cody's Mom oh I'm so stupid it's Pig you
should have said that from the beginning
oh well I don't know who that is but yes
your word was Pig correct you passed yes
okay let's see who's next uh Freddy why
don't you come up here all right Freddy
go up there oh no guys I'm scared oh
great he going to poop his pants again
probably don't worry Freddy we'll help
you out if we can okay all right Freddy
your word starts with the TR R and it's
something you ride on a truck no oh oh
don't get S try again a tractor no don't
get S try again keep trying a TR no
Mikey uh it goes choo
choo what uh it's one my dad and his
buddy's we on her last night shut up
Mikey oh it's train correct you p pass
well you're correct about one of those
things but yes you passed Yay Taylor why
don't you come up next okay all right
Taylor your word starts with BR R and
it's something you eat uh broccoli no uh
it's something you can have at brunch
breakfast no uh but you can have it with
your breakfast breast milk what no no no
uh it's what's toast made out of bread
very good you pass uh Ashley why don't
you come up next I pass it's my turn all
right Ashley your word starts with L and
it's something pretty floors did you
just say floors yes floors it's
something you walk on oh no this is
something you smell floors oh it sounds
like you're saying
flowers you're correct you
pass okay uh who's next um Daryl
oh oh Daryl why don't you come up here
where's that
card oh where's that damn bear
card oh well ball maybe we can work with
ball Daryl okay your word starts with
the letter B um it's round it's
something you play with it's something
you bounce at recess um it's blue was
that Paul Daryl did I hear ball everyone
I heard Daryl say ball I think he passed
you passed go go go everyone you pass I
didn't pass I failed no no no no no
junior junior you get to try again
because the rest of the class passed but
yours must have been a flute because you
didn't so come back up here and we can
try again yeah okay I'll try all right
Junior your word starts with SH and it's
a four-letter word Junior no Junior
this is something you wear well if you
 your pants you're wearing
Junior stop saying that
word it's try
oh principal sebeck you're back yes my
suit finally dried how's the exam going
well everyone passed their final exam
what wait what how it's only been 5
minutes well everyone in the class is
just really really smart right class
everyone passed their final exam yeah no
no way these kids are stupid there's no
way they passed that exam and what is he
doing up here oh I know he failed well
you see uh everyone else in the class
passed day final exam so I thought
junior Here deserved another chance
that's pretty forgiving of you I guess
so but I give that choose the word oh
but he was so close to guessing this one
Sho oh it was Sho no way uh-uh that's
too easy and I already said the word
stupid I'll choose the
word
oo how about this
one okay Junior your word starts with
the letter e and it has a pH in it guess
it guess it guess it a
pH yeah it's my mom fat pH fat old fat
 no no Junior remember it starts
with the letter e wait a minute Cody
your mom's an elephant she's a big fat
elephant yes yes she is Junior bres rats
how did he get that I thought he was
stupid everyone in the class passed oh
wait everyone even my son Daryl there
there there
yes even Daryl let me go and ask
him hey Daryl what's up baby boy you
know Daddy loves you but uh I need to
know the truth did everybody really pass
their exam you know fair and square no
cheating no
helping n Daddy they some cheating
 wait Daryl can talk you
liing you li to me of course he can talk
I pled him in his class to tell me
everything everyone fail summer school
for
everyone summer
school oh guys we have to go to summer
school yay I don't have to get beat by
my dead all some I wish I could beat by
my dad I'd rather do that than go to
school
[Music]
oh