all right crafts today we're going to be
learning about black holes black holes
can suck up anything nothing can escape
a black hole
how you think my wife got pregnant hey
cody your mom has three black holes
because she's a hoe
and you have a black dad guys don't
bully me today hey dude you want a piece
of gum yeah sure joseph teacher joseph's
chewing gum in class cody you snitch
joseph no chewing gum and crap spit it
off fine teacher
joseph did you just spit gum in my hair
yeah my bad dude i didn't mean to do
that what do you mean you didn't mean to
you spit it right at me i couldn't find
the trash can god you didn't even try
teacher can i go to the clinic i have
gum in my hair how'd you get done your
hair what the hell you been doing in
crafts weirdo oh you said gone you can
go to the clinic thank you god i hate
you guys joseph i think you really made
cody upset he'll get over here dude hey
joseph have you heard from cody no dude
not since you went to the clinic earlier
i hope he's okay yeah hey jerks oh hey
cody what's up buddy oh you still have
the gum in your hair oh you still have
the gum and you're here yeah i know i do
not sound like that cody why don't you
just pull it out dude yeah why don't you
just grab it oh do you wish i hadn't
thought of grabbing it it doesn't come
out well why don't you take a shower and
try to wash it out i've tried that too
junior gum is sticky well it says online
all you have to do is put toothpaste in
your hair and the gum will come out huh
i hadn't thought of that oh joseph grab
some toothpaste okay i'm on it right now
dude i got it all right start putting on
cody's head okay well i think we should
put a towel down in case it drips off
his face
i've heard that one before i'll go get
the towel yeah okay the towel is down
i'm ready daddy ah why do you have your
mouth open oh sorry it's just a habit
okay i'm ready now all right joseph put
the toothpaste on his head okay dude
there we go what has it look now you
have pink and blue on your head it's
like a gender reveal what gender are you
we can't assume it
guys now i even i have an even bigger
mess on my head well at least a pigeon
didn't poop on it yeah you'll be in
trouble then dude what guys what do we
do about the gum okay look why don't we
go ask chef pee pee how to get gum out
of your hair because look he works with
food all the time so he probably gets
food in his hair all the time yeah no he
has the opposite problem he gets hair in
his food tomato potato let's go ask him
okay
this mac cheese is gonna be so good hey
chef pee pee what are you doing i'm
cooking mac and cheese junior wait
what's on cody's face that was a naughty
little smurf and he has gum in his hair
what yeah he's gum in his hair look oh
oh gum yeah so how do we get gum out of
his hair it's stuck oh it's an easy fix
all you have to do is stick your hair in
this boiling water in the gum with
disintegrate i can't put my head in
boiling water it'll burn my head not
your head your hair you idiot just your
hair in the water yeah look i'll hold
you so you don't fall in
okay hey look look you want that gum out
of your hair right yeah all right look
oh my phone's ringing
i am so sorry cody junior you dropped me
in boiling water my phone was ringing
well now i have third-degree burns all
over my face look at the bright side
cody now you can play his deadpool you
know cause his face is all ugly yeah i
get it or darth vader yeah darth vader
because darth vader's face was all
burned and ugly yeah okay i get it or
darth maul because his face is all red
and scary okay great are there any other
horribly disfigured people i look like
ooh freddy krueger yeah freddy krueger
because his face is all burned and ugly
yeah cool couldn't forget about him yeah
wait there's still gum in your hair cody
you know what just just shave it off i
don't even care anymore oh i've been
waiting for you to say it dude i'm
shaking
and done oh you are one ugly freak if i
do say so myself
i really love how it's just bully me day
hey cody look down hey joseph look the
top of cody's head looks like the stains
in my underwear he doesn't white
yeah there it is so look cody look at at
least the gum's not in your hair anymore
so when your hair goes back it'll be
beautiful yeah but my face won't your
face was never beautiful cody you had
all those pimples and look those burns
really distract from the pimples on your
face yeah that's great i just don't know
what my parents are gonna say when i go
home well you don't have to go home you
can stay here as long as you want your
parents will never know
who's that
hello is cody here his black butt better
be here uh yeah he's upstairs oh thank
god we were tracking him we put a
microchip in him at the vet yeah it only
cost 50 i know the veterinarian
personally she got ass for days it's
true she does and if i was a dog i would
beg for her to put me down every night
put me down like a baby
well cody's upstairs oh good cause we
need to talk to him i have to spank his
little tushy for not coming home after
not eating his brussels sprouts last
night
yeah that's right it's a waste of
brussels sprouts yeah he think we're
playing about the brussels sprouts no no
we playing
okay we'll call you upstairs okay
all right cody's right here but junior
what are my parents doing here cody what
happened to your face and why didn't you
eat your brussels sprouts last night boy
okay first of all brussels sprouts are
gross you better watch your damn mouth
before i make your face ugly than it
already is but cody what about your face
well my face fell into some boiling
water that's not how you barf for apples
what you don't bob in boiling water
you're bobbing regular water you crazy i
wasn't bobbing for apples then why you
sticking your head in boiling water
stupid well if you would just let me
finish i was gonna say i was trying to
get gum out of my hair that's not how
you get gum out your hell you don't
stick your head in boiling water you go
to the gas station for gum what no no i
was trying to get the gum out of my hair
we'll jump in the shower if it's in your
hair boy mom are you getting any of this
cody you look hideous we should call a
doctor but mom we can't call a doctor
pablo doesn't have three arms i mean i
know he's gorgeous and he's immensely
talented and he's basically carrying the
channel at this point but there's no way
he could play all three characters at
the same time yeah cody you're right
i'll go home so the doctor can come hey
there somebody call a doctor ugly ugly
burn face bald is what you are i'm sorry
look i got fired from the burn unit at
the hospital because i just can't handle
ugly or gross and you're both well his
face got like that because he put his
face in boiling water oh is that what
happened i thought he was trying to bob
for french fries in the grease see
that's what i thought see he was
bothering for something he was bobbing
how do we fix his face well there's
three things we can do one we could find
a magical genie lamp and wish for his
face not to look so ugly or two we could
try to get a time machine and then go
back in time to before he put his face
in the boiling water and then stop him
from doing that or three we could uh put
some bandages on his face so we just
don't have to look at him anymore let's
go with that one that won't sound
cheaper yeah let's do that okay i'll get
the bandages and done oh my gosh
i did it you're good as new nobody would
ever suspect that you're a horribly
disfigured burn-faced bald freak you
look like a mummy boy
thanks dad anyway my work here is dunion
rings just don't go putting your face in
hot water anymore i'ma go home and make
sure your mama making brussels sprouts
and not on that damn computer
sorry about all this happening cody i
almost feel like it's our fault it is
you guys's fault joseph put gum in my
hair and you dropped me in boiling water
see like that's why i kind of feel like
it's our fault so look we'll make it up
to you we'll do anything you want yeah
i'm sorry dude okay i can tell you how
you'll make it up to me you guys are
gonna play magic the gathering with me
oh that sounds like a nerd game for
losers and dumb people yeah it is and i
want to play it so you're going to take
me to the store and you're going to buy
me a deck of cards
okay
i'ma stay here dude
all right junior this is the one you're
really going to make us play magic the
gathering cody yes now buy it can i help
you with something oh yeah we want this
oh my god it's a robber i'm not a robber
but you're wearing a steamer it's not a
ski mask these are bandages
all right you're under arrest what do
you mean you just saw me you put the
bandages here yeah tell it to the judge
criminal i am so sorry for arresting you
and did you just take my hat you little
rascal no i see it right there in your
head you know i could have you arrested
for that but i won't cause i'm a fun cop
today anyway i'm really sorry for what
that guy did to you in the holding cell
well i'm not really mad about that i'm
just mad you arrested me well you do
kind of look like a robber with those
bandages on your face
what don't touch me don't ever touch me
i'm in cop mode i'll break your arm well
i was wondering maybe you could just do
a face transplant like you'll give them
a new face a face transplant you mean
like the texas chainsaw massacre that'd
be sick yeah i can do a face transplant
that looks like a job for
doctor
wait you can really do a face transplant
on cody yeah sure let's do it
so guys how do i look oh my god oh my
god you guys jesus what did i do i'm a
monster where'd you get the face from
somebody died in a car accident they
donated it but now i want to give it
back so how do i look oh god
oh come on guys i don't look that bad do
i
wha no no i look okay right
but show me
what what the hell is that
oh my god is that me oh my god that's me
get it off i don't want it anymore oh my
god get it off me oh cody cody
maybe you'll grow into it eventually
right but really you think i'll grow
into it
but well nobody at school's gonna notice
right
not
oh my bad dude i just had to throw up
yeah i think he ate some bad food
earlier right not because of my face
though right oh no buddy
okay well i'm just gonna go i'll see you
tomorrow dude
yeah yeah we'll see you at school
tomorrow cody okay okay yeah yeah
nobody's gonna notice i feel confident
enough to go to school now
yep
you can leave i don't i don't want to
look at your name okay
hey guys dude you scared me oh i'm sorry
oh i forgot to bring a pencil hey
penelope can i borrow a pencil sure cody
she wants to stab your finger with a
pencil or something joseph can i borrow
a pencil
oh man joseph must have a stomach bug
hey junior can i borrow a pencil um yeah
sure i don't have one okay all right
crafts today we are doing yearbook
pictures so i hope you work your best
today yearbook pictures oh no
i have a stain on my shirt now my
picture's gonna be ruined oh that's
what's gonna ruin it
[Music]