all right Jeffy here's your security
uniform time for your next night at
Freddy's I'm not going back there it's
scary but you don't get paid unless you
work all Five Nights at Freddy's that's
why it's called Five Nights at Freddy's
not one night at Freddy's that would be
a lame game I don't care about the money
I'm not going back there Jeffy you can't
quit a job unless you put a 2 weeks
notice in yeah it would look bad on your
resume I don't care about my resume it's
scary Jeffy it can't be that scary it is
that scary daddy the animatronics try to
kill you no no no no you don't have to
worry about that I went over there this
morning and put in a whole bunch of new
security stuff to protect us and besides
you already broke all the animatronics
exactly why I'm not going back there
Jeffy what if I go work at 5 Nights at
Freddy's to oh I get it Danny it's not
going to matter cuz you're going to try
to kill you too Jeffy if I'm working
there nothing bad will happen because
I'm going to protect you cuz I'm your
dad okay so let's all go work there come
on all right Marvin welcome to Freddy
Fazbear's pizzeria I already gave Jeffy
the tour last time so I'm not going to
do that again I just wanted to show you
the animatronics Jeffy beat up he kicked
all their asses sure did Dan cuz they
were trying to kill us no stop spitting
on Freddy you already spit on him too
much wait so these are the things that
tried to kill y'all yeah but Jeffy beat
them up and I'm pretty sure he broke
them so they shouldn't be moving around
anymore I really hope they don't move
around anymore although Freddy looks
pretty pissed off I don't remember his
teeth looking like that last time anyway
I'm going to show you the upgrades I
made to the security room okay so I made
some improvements to the security room
and I moved some stuff around like you
may have noticed the cameras are set to
automatically rotate so you don't have
to keep pressing the button and I
brought my laptop charger so the cameras
don't die like last time cuz that was a
big problem oh and I also brought some
flashlights in case the lights go out
now you may have noticed the door is
missing I don't know what happened to
that that was just gone when I got here
so if they try to kill us I got this
Freddy mask so we can just put this on
and hopefully they think we're one of
them and they don't try to eat us
they're going to try to eat us maybe
what does this thing do oh yeah that
that's [ __ ] up that's the music box
see this 3-year-old girl died here and I
guess she's in a puppet now and she
likes music cuz if you don't find that
music box every few minutes she pops out
and tries to kill you wa she's going to
try to kill you yeah well who's that
thing oh yeah that that's balloon boy
he's a total [ __ ] how is he an
[ __ ] well he just likes to turn the
lights out like he pays the power bill
here no don't you do it you [ __ ] God
damn it balloon boy turn the lights back
on wait a minute we haven't W the music
box in a while let me check oh [ __ ] wind
it wind it wind it wind it wind
it okay it's working oh God she's gone
oh God this is so stressful wa this is I
mean I thought all we had to do was look
at the cameras but you're telling me
there's people trying to kill us yeah
sometimes but it's not that hard you
know you just watch there was a camera
in the bathroom but I took that out cuz
I might want to rub one out if I get
nervous that's disgusting it helps me
relax okay oh [ __ ] oh God Bonnie's gone
there he is is oh no okay okay we we got
to keep an eye on him okay he's not in
the kitchen okay there's no one else not
in the bathroom that's good he it's good
oh they're all G God damn it now they're
all gone FR fredd okay not in the
hallway that's good that's good uh oh
great chica's looking at a cupcake and
Bonnie's back in the bathroom oh [ __ ]
the cameras are down okay hold on let me
turn the lights back on okay balloon boy
no more turning off the lights hi what
is your deal man I want the lights on
hello listen here you balloon [ __ ] I'm
going to turn the lights back on and I
swear to you if you touch that light
switch again I will choke you out my guy
okay oh do it please do it make my day
oh you [ __ ] I'm going to kill
you I just turned balloon boy into
Balloon [ __ ] you want me to spit on him
no unless you can do it from
here huh impressive well turn the lights
back on I can't balloon boy broke the
light switch then what are we going to
do all I have left is this shitty little
flashlight well there's nobody there
right now well the cameras are still
broken yeah hold on I'll put it on
manual so I can check them myself give
me a second see here okay there's the
stage it's still gone let me see well
there Freddy he's just hanging out in
the dining room and there's chica she's
in the hall get to keep an eye on that
okay Bunny's back in the bathroom he
must have IBS poor guy oh chica's
getting closer and she's tweaking out
what's
that oh God she took out the camera
check the hallway check the
hallway she's right there somebody
throws something I'm me to throw this no
oh don't throw the music box we need
that oh great now the music box is in
the hallway somebody has to go get it
not it not it looks like you have to go
get the music box Marvin I'm not going
to go out that hallway well just put on
the Freddy mask they'll leave you alone
if I put on this mask they'll leave me
alone yeah
probably
okay so if I go out like this they won't
kill me right yeah if they see you
they're going to think you're one of
them well can I borrow your flashlight
no I don't want to be in here in the
dark I don't want to go in that hallway
in the dark well um I'm trying to save
the battery oh wow so which way did the
stupid music box go I don't know I think
it rolled somewhere down the hall rolled
down the hall it's a cube we just go get
it okay
uh guys I I don't see the music box
anywhere um guys the chicken man has it
that's a girl chicken it's a girl
chicken oh you keep scaring me uh can I
have this back thank you oh he gave it
back he gave it back it's a girl oh it's
a
girl what happened chica knocked you out
why well you kept calling her a dude and
I guess that pissed her off but hey at
least she didn't eat you cuz of the mask
and we got our music box back actually
we haven't wound the music box in a
while I should probably check oh [ __ ]
wind it wind it wind
[Applause]
it good she liked that well turn the
cameras back on I can't chica can
knocked them out then how are we going
to see we're just going to sit here for
the rest of the night and shine this
flashlight at the door who's that oh
that's just foxy he's cool yeah I give
him a ride home after work sometimes we
smoke a Jay in my car he's skateboarding
yeah he wants to be like Tony Hawk he's
going to be in the X game someday go
foxy go follow your dreams foxy doesn't
play by anybody's rules uh Marvin I do
have a favor to ask you and you're not
going to like it what is it I need you
to go to the kitchen and get me a Capri
Sun a Capri Sun Wild Cherry please no
can you give me a capri G too thanks
Marvin I'm not going to go get you guys
Capri I don't want to get eaten oh come
on we already know the mask fits you and
you already got punched in the face
what's the worst that could happen now
uh B just stupid cpri Sun okay you both
want Wild Cherry no I want Pacific
cooler I want Wild Cherry
okay okay where is the
kitchen oh hey Freddy I'm going to go
this way I'm not bothering you to go
faster oh but I really have to use the
bathroom never mind I'm just going to
close
this okay where is the kitchen
oh here it is here it is here it
is hey chica sorry for calling you a man
I know you're a woman now I'm just going
to get something out of the
refrigerator okay Pacific cooler and
wild cherry okay they only have Pacific
cooler let me get these
two drop
one oh hey bunny man
oh hey
chica I'm just going to take these Capri
sons and and get out of here see you
later here's your stupid Capri son wait
where's my wild cherry they only had
Pacific cooler there was no Wild Cherry
that's bull crap I know I saw a wild
cherry in there go back I'm not going
back out there the animatronics are in
the hallway Freddy's right there well if
that's true then me and Jeffy need to
hide under the table why well you're the
only one with a mask they're not going
to eat you they think you're one of them
me and Jeffy need to hide so you use the
flashlight we're going to be under the
table use the
flashlight okay I'm using the flashlight
I don't see anyone Marvin stop wasting
the batteries that's the only flashlight
we have okay I won't use it I just it's
really scary in the dark I I can't see
anything oh oh Freddy's there I see
Freddy well don't shine the light at me
[ __ ] what this is oh no the purple
Bunny's there too what do I do turn the
flashlight off you're wasting battery
turn it off now I can't see anything I
don't know where everyone's at Marvin
Marvin Marvin just calm down you have
the mask on they think you're one of
them I they're moving they're right
there they're right there they're
walking towards me what what what do I
do just be cool bro
uh what what's popping slime what's
popping slime Marvin what the [ __ ] was
that I'm just trying to be hip and cool
and they R bu they're R bu they're
grabing me grabbing me help me help me
they got me well they got Marvin but hey
at least it's not us right we got to go
save my daddy I mean hey it's almost
6:00 a.m. let's just sit here and suck
on our Capri Suns wait a minute we
haven't been winding the music box I got
to check oh [ __ ] she's right oh no
somebody help us somebody help foxy you
saved us hey do you think you can help
us save Marvin 2o okay go get your
skateboard foxy yeah that's right you
can be Tony Hawk this is you winning the
X Games go get him foxy help help I'm
trying to pull my head off Foxy's get
Marvin come on Jeffrey let's go out this
next
door someone please take me come on
Danny thanks for all the help foxy
you're a real one you need to ride
home [ __ ] he is so cool I want to be
just like him
someday I wonder where everyone went oh
my God Marvin what happened to you I I I
I went to work with Jeffy I told you I
was going to be scary Danny what's going
on oh he just has a little bit of PE TSD
he'll be fine hey look maybe if you come
with us for the third night you can see
for yourself we're not going to go back
for a third night oh I think we're going
to be going back for a third night you
see that see those numbers see how crazy
that is yeah you can't beat that so if
you want to see another video of Five
Nights at Freddy's go ahead and hit the
like button the Subscribe button leave a
comment saying how you want to see
another night maybe even make a new
account talking about how you want
another Five Nights at Freddy's video
cuz we still have plenty of characters
we haven't gotten to you know like a
spring roll or mouse trap or whatever
that yellow fucker's name is
[Music]