but jeffy
stop playing with the megaphone jeffy
okay that's it stop it put it down can't
play with your violin no jeffy that
violin belonged to my grandfather well
if i play the violin every day all
summer by the end of summer i'll be a
violin gone i'll be op at playing the
violin i said no jeffy come on marvin
just let him try yeah daddy i even wrote
a song it's called the camo who had a
toe you wanna hear it i wanna hear it
jeffy
i don't wanna hear this dumb song oh
marvin it'll be fine there one georgia
camel who had a towing camel was his
name-o g-a-m-e alto d-a emi alto
g-a-m-toe in camel toe was his name oh
stop playing the violin you suck at the
violin
well he's bad at playing it you said
jimmy
violin i mean i do but i'm just trying
to learn
he's just trying to learn he sucks at
playing it's my grandfather's and he's
breaking it look at all the strings
stop it jeffy we have to find something
for him to do all summer because he's
annoying me
who's that oh you stay right here
hello
hello
there's no one here what the summer camp
oh children of all ages no adults
allowed baby i got something for jeffy
to do
baby baby i found the thing jeffy stop
it baby i found the thing that's gonna
make us free summer camp children all
ages no adults allowed marvin that
sounds suspicious it was suspicious
there's nothing suspicious about this
look there's ice cream cones there's
there's kayaking there's kids playing
tug of war it sounds like fun well who
dropped it off i don't know it was just
there at the door oh no the baby it's
fine jeffy do you want to do all the
things you see on this paper oh
well then look look go look it says the
picture up at 10 am that's like in an
hour so so go get all your friends and
invite them to summer camp can i take
the violin no you can't take that but
it'll be here waiting for you when you
get back from summer camp so let's grab
the flag go go go okay i'm gonna go show
all my friends yeah go hurry oh baby
we're free for the entire summer marvin
i don't know it didn't even say when
summer camp ended maybe it's called
summer camp it obviously ends at the end
of summer that means i have two months
of sitting here in the quiet i can do
whatever i want hell i can even learn
the violin you know i'm not going to but
because i don't want to be annoyed but
no i can do whatever i want guys guys
guys it's summer vacation what are we
gonna do oh i know we should play naked
ted where we all get naked and try to
tag each other i'm out well good it's
just for the boys anyway right guys come
on let's get naked hey do you guys want
to go to summer camp summer camp dude is
that ice cream oh there's gonna be so
many boys there i want to go canoeing
yeah let's go to summer camp jeffy how
do we go what's your busiest pulling up
right now let's go let's go guys guys
guys guys i can't believe we're going to
summer camp i know dude it's going to be
so exciting hurry up kids get on the bus
we don't have all day okay
is it hot out there or is it just you
what nothing just hurry up and get on
the bus you little scale come on inside
don't be shy uh where do we sit oh you
can sit anywhere you want hey do you
want to sit on my lap pretend you're
driving the bus no i'd rather sit back
here dang it hey hey does anybody want
to sit on my lap
hey guys does that bus driver look kind
of familiar to you
ah no yeah i don't recognize him i guess
i'm just being weird all right you
little cuties where do you think we're
going today i i mean i know where we're
going i just want to know where you
think we're going summer camp yeah
summer camp summer camp good guess but
no we're going to my house which is kind
of like summer camp cause i have all
kinds of fun games we can play but
they're all in my basement
uh his house i don't think he's supposed
to be our bus driver guys we're going on
an adventure shut up do you want to have
a boring summer
we're going to have a fun time kids now
let's get this bus going
come on start start hurry up before the
cops show up and realize i'm not really
a bus driver damn it
i got her going come on kids yay we're
about to go junior i want to get off
tell your mom to get off the couch and
go on a diet cause she's so fat she
needs the exercise all right dispatch
i'm pulled up behind the school bus
i got him i got him i got him oh i can't
believe i'm gonna get away with this hey
kids you ready to get going gotcha
you're under arrest for trying to kidnap
these kids oh dang it i almost got away
with it too if it weren't for those
meddling policemen hey why is your bus
driver getting arrested well maybe he
doesn't have a driver's license no
please i can't go back to prison well
you're gonna be in there for the rest of
your life mr winkle yeah mr winkle i
knew i recognized him man those
sunglasses really disguised him hey
sorry kids uh mr winkle over there stole
this bus and he passed out a whole bunch
of summer camp flyers to kidnap as many
kids as he could so no summer camp for
you kids i'm sorry you're gonna have to
get off the bus oh man
oh man baby isn't this relaxing just
laying down with no noise hey there well
hey what are you doing in my house leave
i just wanted to tell you your son
almost got abducted what did you get him
back yeah dang it marvin what happened
well this guy named mr winkle was going
around the neighborhood passing out
these fake summer camp flyers so he
could get kids onto his bus to take him
back to his house marvin i knew that
summer camp was a bad idea but baby look
at the flyer it's so convincing look at
the ice cream cone yeah it does look
pretty good although orange ice cream
with chocolate that just screams bad
news and this no adults allowed thing
should have been a red flag well i just
thought obviously no adults would want
to go to a kids camp that's weird i
guess well where are the kids now no
they're out in the front yard crying
because they didn't get to go to summer
camp poor jeffy he must be traumatized
marvin go get him no i want him to go to
summer camp marvin i think he should be
home for the summer absolutely not i
don't want to hear him play this violin
all summer listen officer is there any
other summer camps going around around
here not that i know of oh my god okay
listen can you make a summer camp you
know just take jeffy for the whole
summer make a summer camp yeah i don't
want to see jeffy all summer i i mean
i'm kind of busy i i i mean my shift
goes till eight so i guess i could make
a summer camp that only goes to eight
right like a day camp just like a day
camp like a quick one oh okay just do
that i just i just want a day of peace
and quiet and a day for me to throw this
violin away so jeffy can't annoy me okay
yeah sure but how much you gonna pay me
uh uh 20 20
come on i'm a cop you know how much i
make not enough give me that 20. all
right i'll do it let me just change into
something more appropriate okay i have a
day to get rid of this violin but marvin
that's your grandfather's
now that summer camp was cancelled what
are we gonna do all summer i guess we
could have a blindfolded hot dog sucking
contest i'm out well that's fine it's
for the boys anyway come on guys take
your clothes off whip them hot dogs out
good news kids i got paid 20 bucks to
take you all the summer camp wait we
still gonna go to summer camp yeah i
mean it's in the backyard but come on
yeah summer camp all right kids the
first game is the three-legged race
whoever can cross the finish line with
their partner first wins but wait a
minute cody doesn't have a partner he's
cheating oh no i already have three legs
every race is a three-legged race for me
you might as well disqualify me right
now for my performance enhancing penis
you're going down junior there's no way
you're gonna win you have a girl on your
team and the only way they're good at
running is when they run to the kitchen
to make sandwiches or they run away with
all your money yeah someone on our team
based on the way they look is really
good at running wait what dude what
gingers i'm a ginger they're really good
at running i've never heard of that
stereotype i'm a ginger too but you're a
girl sort of cancel it out okay three
two one go kids
[Applause]
come on dude you're so slow i'm sorry
i'm not as fast as you people what dude
are you people that are fast at running
i'm not a fast running come on
it's so hard to run with my big
schlong oh dude jeffy won i thought i
picked the right partner but guess not
i'm tired of you yay i won i won i won
wow you dragged me the whole way well
i'm willing to win sorry guys i didn't
finish the race one of my legs got
twisted around one of my other legs well
i guess we have a winner come on next
game all right kids next up is tug of
war so just break up into two teams get
on either side of this rope and whoever
can pull the other team over that line
there wins but there's an odd amount of
people oh don't worry penelope i'm hunky
as we can take these three oh and
i'm used to pulling strings cause i'm a
girl and you know tampons oh yeah well
we're gonna win because someone on our
team is a black what belt in karate i'm
super strong so i can pull you guys over
that line and i'm black so that counts
for something dude yeah and i have
something wrong with me so i'm super
strong so you're going down all right
kids get in position
all right guys we're totally going to
win this game yeah we're going to pull
the ropes so hard they're going to crop
their pants heck yeah dude all right
guys you ready to lose yeah don't worry
penelope we got this but you don't even
have your hands on the rope that's
because the rope is clenched between my
butt cheeks it's where i'm the strongest
yeah i've been doing kegel exercises
since i was in the womb
i can crush an apple between my butt
cheeks it's insane all right kids
whoever gets pulled across this line
loses all right one two three go
cody pull harder oh no penelope my butt
cheeks can't handle it clutch harder i'm
glitching i'm clenching
guys we almost got it pull with all your
mind on three we're gonna pull as high
as we can one two three
we have a winner but okay guys damn you
can stop dragging it junior how long do
we run with the rope for until they say
we won what did he say
oh my butthole ha ha cody we beat you
guys and it's because of the black belt
that i am why you keep saying it like
that dude you're never gloated about
being a black bill ever but i am a black
belt i want to brag about that's what we
want cody are you okay i have rope burn
on my bunghole you should probably get
that checked out kid what's the next
game we're gonna play oh follow me all
right kids next up is canoeing so just
get in that boat and go out on the water
you're not gonna go with us i'm not
getting in that damn thing there's
snakes in that water and crocodiles and
tape worms that could go up my pee hole
ooh i'm gonna go but i don't really want
to deal with the crocodiles the
crocodile hunter died that was sad dude
i'm not getting in that boat i can't
swim it's because you're blowing huh huh
finish your sentence bad at swimming i
am bad at swimming i want to go oh yeah
man jeffy will go okay good luck just
don't tip over pretty sure that water
will give you a syphilis okay let's go
jeffy come on see junior what are we
supposed to be doing i think we rode the
boat with the paddle oh like the song
run run run your boat throw your paddle
in the stream you know what no you're
not going to throw your pedals out of
the song goes whoops well at least we
still have one paddle
hey bird mr alligator
oh
help
dumb
someone help it help the alligator bit
jeffy mr alligator you give jeffy back
can you at least hand me the paddle
what oh
that went so far away
i guess i could just swim
oh man it is a nice day
mr mr mister an alligator grandma can do
with hiv what we had elegant he jumped
in the canoe and he ate jeffy he's dead
i told you not to go out on that pond
well you're not gonna do anything about
it listen kid he's gone
who wants ice cream
all right kids i know i said ice cream
but all i have is popsicles so enjoy
that i love pop sugar dude me too i
dropped mine hey hey guys do you dare me
to like deep throat this whole popsicle
like did you shove the whole thing down
my throat can i get another pop so i
drop mine dude we could share one i
don't want to share with you i want to
share with penelope you don't know
junior oh guys
all right kids you ready to make s'mores
yeah i want to make s'mores
all right kids now we're going to make
s'mores so just put your stick in the
fire and we can cook your marshmallow
okay well that was wrong you said throw
my stick in the fire no i didn't say
throw it i said push your stick in the
fire like you put the tip of your stick
in the fire oh sometimes i only put in
the tip no i'm just kidding i get greedy
i put in the whole thing dude i'm afraid
of fire is it because you better not say
i swear to god dude you got so mad your
hat came off oh you make me mad all
right kids let's get to cooking these
marshmallows
well those are some good-looking s'mores
kids i still need to make mine joseph
why is your marshmallow black i want
wanted to look like that dude do you
have a problem with that no no i don't
i'll just shut up all right kids you
ready to tell some scary stories i want
to hear scary stories i want to hear
them okay i'll go first okay kids
whenever you get older sometimes you get
this ringing in your ears and it just
keeps ringing and ringing and there's
nothing you can do about it and it just
won't stop ringing and that's called
tinnitus and there's no cure and
whenever you're trying to go to sleep
you just hear ringing and ringing in
your ears constantly and you just have
to put up with it until you die and then
if sometimes when you get older you
grind your teeth together and you sleep
and then whenever you move your jaw you
hear this kind of like sandy noise like
there's sand in there and that's called
tmj and if you don't get it taken care
of that can cause lockjaw where your jaw
just locks shut and you talk like this
and there's nothing you can do and then
there's this other thing whenever you
have kids for the first year of their
life there's this thing called sids and
that stands for sudden infant death
syndrome so that just means they can
drop dead whenever and nobody knows why
they just randomly die yeah so you guys
can look forward to that when you grow
up so that's that's that's all real so
you know go ahead and tell whatever kind
of made up fairy tales you were going to
tell oh i got a story dude once upon a
time there was a continent of happy
people then white people came on boats
and kidnapped them
there's no way that happened oh yeah it
happened dude oh that's so scary that's
the saddest story of all
[Music]
seaweed monster run kids
what's wrong how's summer camp going oh
it's going pretty good you know we
played tug of war we had a three-legged
race we had some popsicles we went
canoeing your son got eaten by a
crocodile what the hell hold on rude i'm
not done then we made some s'mores and
then there was a swamp monster
oh god there he is now
wait a minute that's no swamp monster
that's
jack-jack
and i would have gotten away with it too
if it wasn't for you stupid dog you make
me look bad
well that's just not the right show
that's that's courage the cowardly dog
[Music]