so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored me too all
right you want to go play basketball we
did that yesterday dude we can pick our
noses I can't reach my nose I said ugh
Cody why you dress like a pirate well
guys I want a free pirate cruise for me
and my three best buds what's a pirate
Cruise that's why you dress up like a
pirate and you get on a boat how'd you
win that well I ate the most parrots in
under a minute at the live parrot eating
contest you ate a live parrot I ate
three life parents no ketchup no mustard
nope raw parrots Jesus you didn't eat
three live parrots under a minute yes I
did I have the video right here wow look
young man go he's on his third Barrett
hurry up and die parrot eat me
yeah it's pretty graphic but I sure can
scarf down some birds isn't that wrong
Cody well you eat chicken don't you yeah
but it's cooked what you guys are
telling me you've never eaten live
chicken oh you guys are missing out it's
the best when they're gobbling for their
life and pecking at you yeah there's
nothing like choking down some [ __ ]
chicken's pretty good too though well
Cody what three friends are gonna take
with you on your pirate Cruise well the
three friends I have right here in front
of me Jeffy Joseph and Ken why Ken well
these guys like pirate stuff and you
don't like Ken likes getting pegged and
Joseph knows all the words to every
Pirates of the Caribbean movie never
seen one of them and Jeff he likes booty
sure do well I want to go on the pirate
Cruise leave Kim behind no I'm sorry
Junior you're just not pirate material
what can I prove to you that I'm a
pirate well I did get a parrot to go
from the competition
eat me yeah if you can eat this parrot
in under a minute you'll be a real
pirate can I use ketchup or mustard nope
you gotta eat them raw
eat me [ __ ] yeah eat them junior he
wants to die
um where do I start where do I bite oh
the eyeball is my favorite part
oh yeah
I don't know Cody see he likes it okay
yeah
Jenny ate the whole thing bones and all
the way it's supposed to be eaten you
want me to pick that up yeah please
you know what leave it and
Chris with us okay aren't you happy yeah
well guys you all have to dress up like
pirates for the pirate Cruise oh dude I
already got an outfit picked out yeah me
too I don't have a pirate outfit but I
could dress up like Peter Pan but Jenny
you're gonna dress like Peter Pan on the
pirate Cruise well I mean I don't know
how to get a pirate outfit and I already
have Peter Pan okay okay fine whatever
look the cruise is tomorrow and I'll
meet you guys on the boat your hat
thank you yeah I'm gonna need that for
the Christmas he didn't even tell us
what about it is yeah what What boat
what time how I guess we'll figure it
out dude yeah we'll figure it out
all right guys welcome to the pirate
Cruise I'm your captain and I'm a
buccaneer
Yar you get it I didn't have a pirate
costume okay you guys want a pirate
Cruise so I'm gonna be sailing you
around the Seven Seas looking for a
party and and maybe some booty you guys
into chicks oh yeah yeah definitely yeah
fat ones not really okay well I'm gonna
be sailing you guys around you guys just
have fun and try to stay away from the
back of the boat okay I don't want you
guys falling out what kid what are you
supposed to be you don't look like a
pirate I'm dressed like Peter Pan dude
you're definitely a elf yeah you look
like an elf the only thing I have to
look like Peter Pan okay well you kids
just have fun and I'm gonna go drive the
boat all right kids hold on I'm about to
floor this [ __ ] screw bonus safety if
there's any kids under this boat they're
about to get chopped up by the
propellers beep beep let's go
where did all the hoes go I love this
pirate Cruise Cody and it is windy out
here come on Joseph let's go get some
Capri Sun oh yeah dude hey Junior I
found this froggy float you should get
in with me oh hell yeah froggy float
this is so much fun wow
help help
hey Jesus I know you got some yeah oh we
don't have Capri Suns because Pirates
don't have Capri Suns I mean I have
alcohol I'm not really supposed to have
it but I won't tell if you guys don't oh
no Debbie they don't hear us now we're
stuck what are we gonna do
I love this ship wait Dude where's
Junior and Jeffy I don't know
[Music]
yeah anything you need can bring me
Peter Pan
thank you now I can finish the peanut
butter jelly sandwich uh could you
actually open it for me it's hard with
my hook hands thank you
thank you oh and could you actually take
that little lid off too that's
that's kind of rough like I couldn't
really
thank you that's
good night
yeah that's that's good that's good yes
that's for you know what actually on
second duck Could you actually just make
the rest of me sandwich for it yeah I'll
go look around this look around the ship
thank you very much
sometimes the pirate life is not for me
yo ho Captain so when you gonna let me
touch your Cannon my Canon specifically
says don't touch this cannon or you want
the plank come on I've been a power for
two months I want to shoot it let me
shoot it no only I can touch the cannon
God apparently life sucks yo ho captain
Oh there's somebody in that damn water
with somebody in the water is it a
mermaid I'd be lonely ain't no mermaids
like that it's actual people look like
kids they're drowning kids we'll go reel
them in get the net oh okay okay oh man
Jeffy they're never gonna find us we're
gonna be stranding here forever iron
champ pirate ship hey a pirate ship wait
hey right here all right Captain I'm
throwing the net oh
thank you
we got him Captain we got him bring him
on board thank you so much for saving
our lives are you boys okay yeah what
y'all doing in that deep ass wood well
we fell off our pontoon boat it isn't
Peter Pan wait the boy that took your
hand it sure be oh I've been waiting for
years to get the revenge on you Peter
Pan I'm not Peter Pan oh good We rescued
one of our fellow Pirates I'll give you
all me booty for getting Peter Pan for
me he's definitely one of us well I'm
not Peter Pan though oh okay Peter Pan
well I have a crocodile on board I've
been waiting to feed your hand too come
on what
all right
Captain Crunch all right Captain Crunch
I know the sign says don't touch me
treasure but you can touch me scratcher
because you brought me Peter Pan okay
touching the [ __ ] out of it yes just
make sure you don't touch me pastor at
Gerald he's the only friend what hold on
I've been on this trip for two months
and I ain't getting a chance to touch
this goal well you're a pirate I don't
trust you around me treasure oh no here
too well he brought me a Peter Pan look
I just gotta ask is it cause I'm black
no I'm the only black person on this
pirate ship and you won't let me touch
the gold no no it's not that oh look
look can I play some music there only if
it's 100 copyright free what no Drake No
no see we're Pirates but we don't pirate
music that would be wrong you wouldn't
download a car would you oh I guess not
just just put on some royalty-free music
and you Peter Pan time for you to meet
me crocodile
all right Peter Pan meet Carl the
hand-eating crocodile now I want you to
feed him your hand like you found a mine
I didn't feed him your hand oh yeah then
why do I only have one hand I bet it
hurts to wipe oh it do sometimes it
pokes through the toilet paper and I
give myself a colonoscopy but you Peter
Pan you need to feed him your hand but I
don't want to do it
oh oh I should have been more feed him
the hand that doesn't have a sword in it
uh get him Jimmy
help me
nah you good I get to touch your
treasure now touch touch touch touch
touch touch touch touch touch touch
touch touch touch touch touch
Debbie feed the crocodile's other hand
no please not be good hand how will I
wipe
hey Jeffy can you drive this pirate ship
and get us home sure can Junior screw
you Peter Pan you made me lose me good
hand now I'm really gonna kill you it's
gonna kill me yes I am oh me good eye
I'm gonna go tie this guy up you just
drive us home our dinner
[Music]
today we will be hearing the case of
Captain Hook who is being accused of
kidnapping a child and then trying to
feed said kidnap child's hand to a
crocodile to get his glorious Revenge
Captain Hook you do realize that the
year is 2023 and Pirates are not really
a thing anymore so what the hell were
you doing why because Peter Pan fed me
hand to a crocodile well now both me
hands actually hmm very interesting
Peter Pan is this true did you feed both
of capital Oaks hands to a crocodile I'm
not Peter Pan my name's Junior I'm just
in a Peter Pan costume oh [ __ ] wrong
Peter Pan well you still fed me other
hand to a crocodile and you hit me in
the eye so I hate you just as much as
the other Peter Pan so Junior not Peter
Pan I guess now you are being charged
with feeding Captain Hook's handsome a
crocodile but I did that in self-defense
but I saved you and your friend from the
ocean you could have drowned wait wait
man and then you tried to feed his hand
to a crocodile I don't understand when I
saved him I didn't realize he was Peter
Pan and then I realized he was Peter Pan
even though he's not really Peter Pan so
I tried to feed his hand to a crocodile
back when I thought that he was the real
Peter Pan which he's not okay this [ __ ]
doesn't make sense are there any
Witnesses who saw what happened that
could tell me what the [ __ ] is going on
me me I was there I saw thing and what's
up
what's up you know Captain Hook is
racist he will let me touch his goal on
his hand well it's not a racist thing
it's a pirate thing it's me Cannon and
me gold I don't let anyone touch me
canon in me gold except for that crack
ass you say from the ocean you listen to
some while ago I've been up for two
months and they got to touch it okay
okay okay hold on how about this this
sounds like something I don't care about
anymore Captain Hook you lost both of
your hands which seems like punishment
enough and you are dressed like Peter
Pan but you're not Peter Pan so I order
you to take that off because that seems
like where we got confused and started
losing hands so get rid of that uh I do
order Captain Hook to get rid of that
crocodile because that seems like a
liability and I also I still don't
understand how you have a pirate ship in
2023 that still doesn't make sense to me
I I don't really know where we go from
here I I just I'm gonna dismiss the
whole case you know I don't really know
who's in trouble so case dismissed uh I
don't really know what the punishment is
so I I think we can go home I I would
have banged this one more time just to
clear the air there we go that feels
good I feel I feel like we're done we
can go home now
man what you think happened to Joseph
and Jeffy you're Joseph [ __ ] what do you
think happened to Junior and Jeffy do
you think they got lost in c i the C be
a cruel mistress but seriously though I
am pretty worried I'm so worried I
haven't even touched my parent I ordered
from ubereats eat me Daddy I will later
hey guys Junior you're alive dude what
happened well me and Jeffy fell off the
boat and then Captain Hook saved us and
he thought I was Peter Pan because I was
dressed like Peter Pan so he tried to
feed my hand to a crocodile because
apparently Peter Pan fed his hand to a
crocodile but then I fought back and fed
his other hand to a crocodile and then
we went to court what I I'm so confused
that's what the judge said ah I'm here
to get me Revenge I'll kill all them
Captain Hook what are you doing here the
judge said just forget about it wait a
minute is it patches Captain Hooks oh
patches I missed you so much I'll tell
you what if you let me have me pet
parrot patches back I won't kill all of
you okay you can have them oh come on
patches
you couldn't think of an ending could
you no
[Music]