alright guys are you ready oh yeah dude
whoa dude what is hard do we get you're
the coolest kid in school even cooler
than PJ crinch our jammies good job oh
man what do you think which way now I
don't know ask do not embarrass like
this we want to be like him you super
cool dude it's Roy get hard
Roy yo what are you doing here right now
well throwing a supercool party at my
house parents out of town for the
weekend Roy are you inviting us to your
party oh no not you losers I'm here to
invite Jesse Jesse no I decide who's
cool really get hurt always decides
who's cool you guys are losers and
Jesse's cool so come on Jeffy it's good
my party I got Wicky CAPRISA that oh man
I can't believe that just happened
I know dude boy came all the way to your
house to tell us where oh this is the
best day ever which was not a good thing
I want him to think that were cool but
dude the fact that he even knows we
exist that means we're getting somewhere
but it does not me were getting
somewhere Joseph I want to go to that
party but dude don't question boys
decisions okay he went to a Super Bowl
and didn't have to pay for anything I
know I want to be like that I do too
it's just so cool I just want him to
invite us at the party I want him to
think that were cool enough to go to his
party well we're not cool enough dude
yeah when Roy says were cool that's when
we're cool but let's call Cody and see
what he says okay dude what's up Cody
what are you doing
party with whose party yeah
Roy's party did we get invited oh yeah
yeah we totally got invited in that
party yeah dividers like because we just
we just thought it would be lame oh yeah
yep yeah we thought we'd be fashionably
late you know like like so late that we
don't even show up that kind of late
well yeah I know and that's why Roy
invited us he said that we were super
cool oh yeah then he said that we were
the coolest people in the world and that
he definitely wanted us to be there oh
yeah he was begging begging begging so
much party we get it dugu so lame I know
man I understand how much Cody invited
that party and we work we're normal
Cody's weird
sometimes that makes sense look what
going to that party dude we weren't
invited
I don't care everyone invited we're
gonna sneak into that party well how are
we going to sneak in dude well we're
like in the sky like a costume
if we have to wear a costume we will go
to the party dressed up as like in a
costume and then when they say oh my god
who's those two cool kids dressed up in
costumes we'll take our costumes off and
they'll say oh my god that's junior
Joseph they're so cool we should invite
them I guess then it does sound like a
good plan if it lets go sneak into the
party okay we're gonna be cool let's do
it okay if couldn't get it we can get in
all right Joseph
we're here at Roy's house we're this
close to getting into the party go do
what I really hope we get in yeah so
what are our fake names oh um my name is
Archibald I come from a wealthy English
family okay my name is Benedict cucumber
back my parents are billionaires oh I
like that all right so I stick your
scripts okay okay
[Music]
yes yes we are from British land of a of
London mm-hmm and we heard there was a
hootenanny going on up in their house so
we came to see what the hullabaloo was
about junior Joseph I know it's you just
wearing fake mustaches and you're not of
a party oh I can't believe we didn't get
in through the party because we're late
dude we should get laid tattooed or at
forehead Joseph we're not laying if did
why aren't we at the party no screw that
we're not lame Joseph you know we're
gonna do we're gonna throw our own party
it's gonna be a even bigger better cool
party than Roy's kiss Roy's party is
stupid and dumb and awesome and cool and
always gonna be better and bigger we're
gonna throw a better party than Roy's
and everyone's gonna come in this party
to our party and they're gonna say Roy
your party stupid compared to juniors
and then when Roy comes to our party
begging to get in we're gonna say Roy
you're a loser and we're gonna slam the
door in his face yes we can because
gonna be our party we're gonna say who's
cool we're gonna make the rules
Roy can't tell anyone who's cool it was
not cool in my inside of course you're
invited Joseph it's our party we're
gonna be so cool all the girls are gonna
want tickets to the Super Bowl and not
make us pay for anything
dude I've been waiting for that yeah
that's what we're gonna do we're gonna
be the cool ones throw the big party and
we're gonna put it on chat snap and
insta I'm a-goin we're gonna post on all
the social media stuff and everyone
gonna say that's a cool point you down
do really cool ones you're gonna get all
the girls we are like it's very Super
Bowl tickets yeah that's what we're
gonna do well let's go party all right
Joseph I thought it's the perfect clown
for our party it's screwball
oh really dude my car's way better
his name is butterball butterball
what a lame name for a clown let's screw
all the better clown that butterball do
screwball looks like he just got out of
jail how did you know
well butterball looks like he paid the
taxes oh because he does she has a very
sophisticated job well let's just go
with screwball screwed all the way
better clown than butterball no dude my
clowns way better well no my clowns way
better do my clowns wait better thank
you I got a way to settle this argument
man uh me and old Butterbean over here
could ever oh yeah yeah oh yeah me and
butterbean can have a a balloon animal
competition and whoever makes the better
balloon animal is the better clown whoo
that sounds like a perfect idea let's
have a balloon animal competition are
you down butterball
oh yeah whoever makes the best balloon
animal weighs save us
let's go all right guys times up time
for you to show me your balloon animals
butterball you show me yours first is
satureja whoa you made a giraffe hmm
that ain't nothing Thank You bull this
okay
uh it's a snake bull I think we've got a
winner
okay hold on let me evaluate it on the
judge okay we got a snake balloon and we
got a giraffe balloon mm-hmm okay I made
my decision after looking at how much
time was put into both these balloon
animals
I definitely think a hundred percent
okay that mm the snake balloon wins
[Applause]
pretty cool
screwball you're good for our party okay
all right good good now all we need is
games for our party so let's get some
games oh yeah all right Joseph are you
ready to see my cool party games oh yeah
dude wait what's the first game it's
called limbo limbo
what are you doing limbo you have to try
to walk under this stare dude I'm not a
cave man what will we walk under sticks
for fun it's not 600 BC well let's see
how low you can go like do you think you
can go this low no I'm not gonna try it
do it looks lame oh okay okay
that game is lame but watch this I have
an inflatable donkey see and you turn
him around
okay and he has a target on his butt and
then you have to pin the tail on the
donkey nobody wants to play pin the tail
on the donkey
that's a five-year-old game are you five
well it's a really cool game they played
a birthday party it's not at boy's
birthday party he has kissed a hot girl
on the mouth that pin the tail on a
donkey oh okay I'll give you that that
is kind of a five-year-old game but
watch this Roy does not have this at his
party I have a pinata
it's a pig
okay this is the coolest thing you've
shown me women love Peppa Pig yes I
can't bring a lot of women to our party
right yeah women good lord bro okay so
what else do we need our party to be
cool hmm we need rappers dude candy
wrappers oh dude like Drake like Eminem
we do you actual rappers so if we have
Drake and Emmitt at my party people
would come over oh yeah okay so how do
we get drinking Eminem to come here bro
it's really not possible if you think we
could get them don't you think that Roy
would already have them well look I
think that we can get something similar
to Eminem and Drake like as long as it
get something similar it's not we're not
gonna be liars
okay so what's similar sure I'll show
you no I actually think it's really lame
that party seems lame well I was just
calling you to tell you that me and
Joseph are throwing an even bigger
better cooler party here at my house oh
yeah yeah yeah it's way better than Roy
stupid ugly dumb cool-looking party
my party's amazing and awesome we have
peppa pig oh yeah Peppa's in the house
yeah we have a big Peppa Pig pinata and
we got limbo you know how low can you go
under the stick yeah so I was just
calling to brag you that you know we're
having a blast here at my party and you
know if you want to come here instead
there'd be a cooler party well I have to
go to because Eminem's about the perform
of my party cuz Eminem's here Cody I
swear to God on my entire life I swear
on Jodi's life I swear on your life I
swear on my own life I have Eminem at my
party no no I know I mean Eminem's
looking like a candy because he's so
fine he's so hot no my party does not
suck we have Eminem and we have Drake
Joseph Google a picture of drink oh okay
yeah yeah we have Drake here look there
he is yeah he's right here
with jr. that's Drake Bell from drinkin
Josh that's a lame drink
no it's the coolest picture anyway no no
he's here and he's living at the party
anyway I just wanted to call and tell
you how cool my party was so why didn't
Cody believe our party was cool because
it's not dude the only cool thing is
pepper I mean I just want people to come
to my other hangout with it I want to be
invited of that body we're cool doesn't
with the course get in the world nope
Roy ish I just I don't know what to do I
just wanted to be cool and accepted to
go to that party I would have got
anything to go to that party know me too
dude that's me chubby Roy's party got
busted by the cops yeah apparently Roy
broken you're selling your cheese house
and throw a party your house oh dude
that's so Roy you're so cool Chuck me
why are you in here cuz right now what
happened I ain't doing nothing man what
happened you were at a party you know a
party come on you're going with me right
now
you're so it's so grounded Joseph look
Jeff II just got grounded it's a good
thing we didn't go to that party you
know I wish I did though I mean
sometimes it's good not to be cool you
know I mean we had a lot of fun at home
together so sometimes it's not that
important to be cool yeah I guess so
[Music]