so guys what do you want to do today I
really want to dress up like a woman
today dude me too let's play play time
yeah m m this dinner looks delicious
honey yeah all thanks to Mommy now say
thank you Mommy thank you Mommy thank
you Mommy yeah that's what I thought o
I'm getting a call uh hello hey I need
you to come to my car all right Big
Daddy I'm on my way all right momy got
to go make some more money for these
damn bills be good okay Dad where's mom
going she's going to go sleep with my ex
boss for money oh well what are you
doing letting
her all right Mr money bags how are we
doing it this time should I get the
whipped cream no you're fired what fired
yeah I found a girl that can do it
better and cheaper her name's Veronica
it's like harmonica but with a V but how
am I going to pay my bills not my
problem I'm about to bang Veronica on
the hood of my
Jeep come on Veronica take this
missionary come on stupid ketchup dad
the ketchup's
fake we're going to be homeless quick
selling the food right now wait homeless
I thought you had a job no I got fired
how do you get fired from slobbing knob
I suck at it I thought that was the
point if she was good at slobbing knob
our marriage will still be together
right Sally Dad if you had a job I
wouldn't have the slob knob if you slob
my knob I'd probably get a job Dr Seuss
head ass wait Sally you go to your room
and eat your vegetabl wait but if Mom
doesn't have a job does this mean we
can't afford my violin lessons your
violin lessons you sucked ass anyway hey
she was going to be the best violinist
her grandfather was a good violinist her
grandfather was ass just like you no my
grandfather was the best violinist in
all of Paris and he went down with the
Titanic he could barely pull a
stram okay that's it I'm leaving this
house I want nothing to do with you and
I want nothing to do with you I'm I'm
leaving I'm going to go start my own
family what you're leaving I don't feel
good Mom are you okay oh what's
happening now are you faking having a
heart attack I'll take her to the
[Music]
[Applause]
hospital stop acting like that the
doctor will be here in a second hi there
welcome to the hospital what seems to be
the problem I miss so much pain doctor
let me check your heartbeat yeah
oh my ovaries check my ovaries doctor
let me see ma'am it looks like you have
a penis Patrick We're pretending oh
that's a very big vagina you have there
ma'am oh thanks
doctor I think she's going to be okay no
no no doctor I need you to take me to
the exam room for
what oh that sounds crazy hold on I have
to take her to the exam room for further
um
examination what's taking them so
long well after some very strenuous
tests we've determined that your wife is
very sick very very sick sick in the
head what's wrong with her doctor she
has cancer of the vagina the worst type
of cancer and she's also probably
pregnant I mean maybe she should
be pregnant well what if it's not even
my kid well tell them about the DNA test
doctor let me SW your mouth I mean um we
did the DNA test it's your kid y you the
Daddy B what we're having another kid
yeah we're gonna have another kid junior
the medical bills are going to be very
expensive from the chemo and also your
baby oh oh baby listen I'll get five
jobs if I have to I'll wait on you hand
and foot I'll take care of you I'll take
care of your cancer and the new kid I'll
be a perfect husband I promise really
you're the dream husband always wanted
we're going to fix our marriage this
this right now we're going to be a
perfect couple I'm going to go look for
five jobs okay baby thank you doctor for
lying for me okay but you owe me round
two
let's get it on then oh I can lose my
magical license for
you Mama Mia so what makes you want to
work for Papa Murphy well Papa Murphy my
wife has cancer and she's also pregnant
oh ravioli she has a meatball in the
oven and the oven has cancer yeah so I
really need a job to pay for the medical
bills oh dang that sucks I guess Papa
Murphy has to have a heart I'll hire you
oh do you know how to ride a bike though
yes I know how to ride a bike okay so
get deliver in these buys I thought I
was delivering pizzas not pies pies is
Italian for pizza duh and it's also a
mathematical equation okay I'll start
delivering the pizzas thank you sir
thank you so much for the job I won't
let you down Mama
[Music]
Mia beep beep get out of the way you
 loser sorry I'm on a bike
delivering pizzas honey look that's a
 loser
hey knock a little harder next time I
almost didn't hear you pizza time oh how
much $20 here you go but no tip yeah
here's a tip get a better paying job
well my wife has cancer okay here's
another tip tell your wife to get better
jeans um sir my my
$20 is underneath your
door sir the the money for the pizza is
under the door I don't give a
but I won't be able to my boss is going
to fire me if I don't have that money I
don't give a okay
can oh I'm going to be so fired and my
wife's cancer is going to get worse
please sir what part of I don't give a
 do you not understand I'm going to
throw my bike at your door don't do that
that was my bike you okay another
round coming right up you better not
your your bite I missed it but
this time Cole what are you doing hey
 you man y you up yours little
 no where's your wife at
yeah no she have a real penis I'll have
one oh your first delivery you throw a
bike at a customer and then you say Hey
where's your wife let her have a real
penis listen Papa Murphy that customer
was extremely rude and said some very
hurtful things to me and my wife and and
and he he wouldn't even pay for the
pizza I mean he paid for it but the
money was on the ground and I tried to I
don't want to hear it you making Papa
Murphy look bad I need my damn
mozzarella I promise you'll get your
mozzarella Papa Murphy I I I won't let
this happen again look I'm going to let
it slide this time since you have a kid
on the way and stuff but the next time
you make a mistake I'mma shove a lasagna
up your ass you got me I understand Papa
Murphy I need this job nothing bad will
ever happen again I hope not look we got
one more delivery deliver this damn pie
and bring back my money I need my cash
you got me okay I will bring back cash I
promise oh Jesus
all right don't mess this up don't mess
this
up hello excuse me ma'am I have your
pizza here for you oh my god thank you
uhoh I don't have any money to pay you
uhoh you're not getting your
Pizza wait wait wait what if there's
another way I can pay you um I think we
accept credit card if you pay online no
is there any other way I can pay you big
boy uh well I think your pizza came with
with us average size sausage well you
better bring that sausage in here oh
think of your wife she has cancer think
of the new kid I don't care I want
it oh man that was totally not worth
possibly losing my job over well it was
worth it for the pizza for me the post
nut Clarity is kicking in I got to go
what the hell is going on here Annabelle
you're cheating on me with the pizza boy
only once and we got free pizza but baby
I got pizza early C well now we have
more for later okay I'm not mad at you
but you you bang my girlfriend and you
threw a bike at my door knuckle
sandwich oh god well I guess both my
heads got pounded today oh my boss is
going to kill
me oh where's Junior with my cash I need
my money right now Junior where's my
money well sir I delivered the pizza and
they gave me the money and then I was
riding my bike and this guy he came out
with a baseball bat and he robbed me and
he beat the out of me Junior does
it look like I'm hungry right now no why
are you feeding me excuses
Where's My Money where is it oh they
they they robbed me that's why I had the
money it was stolen I don't want to hear
that let me smell it smell what what
what the hell you doing oh sardines what
yeah I knew it and you smashed the girl
so she wouldn't have to pay for a pizza
how would you know that cuz I used to be
a delivery boy I used to come home smell
like sardines every night I used to live
that life oh where's my money Jer you
know what you know what where's my
chainsaw what chainsaw yeah I'm about to
cut that Parker off no no I promise I'll
pay you back I promise oh you better
bring me my money you got 24 hours bring
me my I'm cutting it off okay I'll
bring my promise that it's a game buy
need his
money welcome to Goodman Bank and Trust
hey you're the loser on the bike
what are you doing in my bank I'm
looking for a loan well you better look
somewhere else we don't give out loans
to losers who only have a bike
as their only means of transportation
look man I'm desperate I don't have a
job oh even more of a reason for me not
to give you a loan you basically just
told me that your credit score is a two
look my wife's pregnant and she has
cancer even more of a reason for me not
to give you a loan I'll do anything for
money please I'll do anything for a loan
well do you have anything to put up for
collateral I have a house well how much
do you owe on the house it's paid off oh
yes that how much money do you need uh
about $10,000 that'll solve all my
problems oh perfect here you go a
$110,000 collateral loan if not paid
back by the end of the month I take your
 house okay deal I promise I'll
pay this back I doubt it all
right thank you so much sir you're not
going to regret this oh I already
[Music]
don't all right I'm going to bet $10,000
on black and solve all my problems
welcome to Goodman Casino what you own
the casino too yep I love money all
right well I'm I'm going to bet the
$10,000 I got a loan from you for on
black and double my money so I can pay
you back and pay off all my problems all
right but if you lose I get your house
and the money okay well I'm not going to
lose because I got a 50/50 chance and I
I think it's going to be black all right
let's
see I I bet on black I know I'm not
 H what color is it what color
what is that it's red red 36 you
lose wait I I lose all that money yep
and I get to take your
house get the out of
here I'm coming to pick up my house
tonight no no no please no please I lost
everything my wife has cancer she's
pregnant and now I'm going to lose my
house hey Richard you still have to let
me back in my real house Mar come on you
oh man mom this Chalupa from Taco Bell
she does look good I can't wait to have
watery diarrhea later anything for my
baby mom why are you bald you look like
Will Smith's wife don't tell your daddy
but I lied and said I had cancer and I
had to shave my head and make it look
real and I might be pregnant but I'm not
sure about that wow Mom that's really
 up hey it's life deal with
it eat your little chalupy wait a minute
did I just hear what I think I heard
jior what are you do at home so early
well I got home after a really rough day
and I just heard you liy and say you're
faking your cancer no no no no Cancer's
real you know that the chemotherapy you
make me Delirious and loopy and stuff no
way in hell cuz I just lost the house
because I went and got a collateral loan
for $10,000 and I lost at the casino
trying to double it cuz I owed Papa
Murphy $20 and now we're going to lose
the house all because you faked your
cancer diagnosis what you lost the house
yeah now we're going to be homeless by
bye violin lesson your violin Lin I
hate
you SL stupid you
baldheaded B give me that oh that's Papa
Murphy I told you I ow $20 Papa Murphy
he going cut my PE
off junor what's that noise I hear oh
well Papa Murphy was going to cut my
wiener off cuz I owe him 20 bucks
because instead of getting money for a
pizza delivery I ended up banging the
girl that ordered the pizza so then I
got a $10,000 collateral loan on the
house that me and Joseph own and with
that $10,000 I bet at a casino and I
lost it all so we're about to lose the
house well now your friends have to go
home from making all that damn noise
okay I'll see you later guys it was just
getting good
[Music]