Oh time for work
yep yep yeah I guess you're gonna have
to get off me yeah yeah another night of
no sleep thanks to you with it that's
fine it's not like I have work or
anything
I have to go Karen I have to go to work
that's the only way we can afford for
you to lay in bed all day
we don't even have any nails caring
we're puppets what the spaghetti noodles
I don't know Karen maybe it's because
I'm sleeping next to Snorlax all night
well let's see I got a bring my doctor
outfit because I'm doing an open heart
surgery at 5:00 and then at 7:00 I have
to build a house so I have to bring my
construction work and clothes and then
around 10:00 I'm gonna go on duty so
I'll bring my cop outfit and then I
gotta bring my pizza costume in case
somebody orders a pizza by the way you
cook in the night yeah anybody's gonna
bring my firefighter outfit to case
there's a fire what's this [ __ ] for oh
the yellow shirt is the shirt I get to
wear on happy days where I don't have to
work so it's the one sure I never get to
wear well you look so good in yellow
yeah I wouldn't know I've never actually
seen myself in it mm-hmm all right Karen
I gotta go to work what's for breakfast
well boy me you know I woke up late so
like yours I wasn't able to make it a
favorite breakfast
so I went to the gas station they've got
you a lunchable ham and cheese ham and
cheese huh all right well would you pack
me for my lunch well again boy the I
woke up late no gas station I got you
another lunchable
you don't care and I really appreciate
how much effort you put into my meals
every day
Bonnie I don't think you're really
loving on me today
no it's a young dumb just tired and I'm
really not very hungry so you can just
take those and just throw them in the
trash that's all right I'm going to work
and um I'm taking this with me open
container
Oh God could you just cut my breaks
today just kill me please thank you I
need you to go grocery shopping on your
way home from work what grocery shopping
like I'm not busy enough day god forbid
you mess up your nails that we don't
even have funny I need you to get light
bulbs and triple-a batteries for the
remote I'll be sure to get them triple-a
batteries jo stop pointing it out parent
I'm very insecure I'm sorry
could you just throw the soy please okay
it's fine it's fine I'll just I'll just
clean it when I get home
you're not gonna step in and care and we
don't have legs okay sir today I'm gonna
be doing open-heart surgery on you okay
who are you I'm your doctor I've never
seen you before in my life
sorry I've been your doctor for 15 years
whatever okay well today I'm gonna do
open-heart surgery on your right right I
said I'm gonna do open-heart surgery
well what are you gonna do some kind of
some got a crazy German experiment no
sir I'm just gonna cut you open and
replace your heart with a better one
well do it dad I'm not afraid cut me
open right now well sorry I can't cut
you open while you still awake yes you
can do it cow it do it right now
alright I'm not scared I've been through
two wars I can handle anything hold on
sir I'm getting a call for my other job
just just wait there nine-one-one what's
your emergency
come quick come quick it's an emergency
chef baby bird dinner again okay do you
need a cop or a firefighter Oh actually
a man it's a crime that he burned dinner
so I guess a cop but I mean a fire fire
because it's smoking here he burnt
dinner again okay well how bad of an
emergency is it because I know biting
what way well I'm doing a surgery right
now
so I mean do you really need me right
now I mean I called my own one you're
supposed to come every single time yeah
you're right he'll be okay yeah I'll be
I'll be right over
oh hello hey you called the firefighter
yeah cheffy burned dinner come quick see
lucky bird dinner Wow do you want is the
fire department here because you burn
dinner
I didn't that bird in there it's just
slightly overcooked mr. firefighter man
is that hotdog Burt that's a hot dog I
thought it was like a rotten pickle like
a turd dog okay let you burn I slightly
burnt it okay look you're gonna eat it
anyway see look you go arrest him for
like trying to feed me bad food recipe
for burning okay okay listen this is a
massive waste of my time you're only
supposed to call 911 for emergencies I
thought the whole house was on fire
also I can't arrest him for burning a
hot dog that's not illegal I'm supposed
to be doing open-heart surgery right now
I don't have time for this just don't
bother me again
ha this is your dessert Junior I'll go
with you I want to see you eat your own
food yeah okay I would be hungry if I
saw that food oh yeah all right let's
finish this surgery wait where's my
patient
sup bro what do you want mark well I saw
your patient laying here needing surgery
so I did the surgery wait that was my
patient you can't just take my patient
well maybe you should spend more time
doing surgeries than playing dress-up
okay well you know I have a lot of jobs
cuz I have to pay for my family and for
your information I just had to save a
whole bunch of people from a burning
building yeah it was like 10 stories
tall it was a skyscraper and and I had
to save all the people I had one arm
full of people and the other arm full of
baby kittens yeah yeah I'm gonna get a
medal it looks like you went to a call
about a burning hot dog well shut up
mark
with the seed for some reason well
anyway I just had to save an old man's
life by giving a new heart you should've
seen the look on his family's faces oh
great good for you you see my new chin I
got Botox yeah it looks like [ __ ] huh I
said it looks like [ __ ] it looks like
you get stung in the mouth by a wasp and
I could kick a field goal between your
eyes hey don't be jelly bro I'm sorry
don't be jelly what are you ten I'm not
jelly no you see like you're pretty
jelly to me well look I'm gonna go home
my superhot wife my wife thought - oh
yeah yeah she's she's smoking hot she's
she's really hot whenever I come home
she's she's naked she's naked all the
time like I don't think she owns clothes
well maybe I should pay her a visit
say something now and I've seen how good
Park you take up two spaces you probably
get a dick or cuz a pain in my ass oh
great now I get to clean that up too oh
yeah
smells like she burnt dere again honey
I'm home is that already because I smell
something burning so I dressed for the
occasion
yes out of the oven what what the hell
is that is an asphalt
did you break off a piece of the road
you know I hit a pothole in the weigh-in
was it you please silly boy it's like
math don't you mean what was design yeah
that's what I said plus a key now look
let Zack not with meat and sauce the
baby it looks nothing like the picture
but I put my own spin on it it's a
little crispy it's just the way you like
it yeah your own spin you did a full 180
it's a completely different thing look I
I don't think I'm really that hungry
but yeah you're right I guess I should
eat something just grab a pickaxe and
break me off a slice this there's just
so many goddamn problems here what's the
problem boy what do you mean what's the
problem it's burn for one remember you
used to tell me that
yeah not anymore okay and where the hell
did this plate come from from the
microwave from the microwave this is the
plate from the microwave you mean the
thing that spins around that we put food
on top of plates on top of course you
didn't do the dishes right okay so so
please please for the love of God
explain to me what the scissors are for
we don't have any Forks so you give me
scissors and said please demonstrate how
the hell that's supposed to work well I
would love to see it yes it's really
working I can tell all right just just
what happened to the Lunchables let's do
those oh I I got hungry boy me we got
hungry it's so I hate both of them today
yeah yeah you really worked up an
appetite come off from all the work you
did not doing the dishes and all that
you know what I think I'm just gonna
take my beer and go sit on the couch oh
well I can finally sit back and watch
some TV no no I didn't Karen will see to
get batteries for the remote if I didn't
get light bulbs what the hell makes you
think I would have gotten the batteries
well maybe I don't want to watch The
Good dinosaur Karen you ever think about
that no no it's not a good movie it
shouldn't be called the good dinosaur it
should be called the bad movie because
it's a bad movie oh boy jokes you know I
I would rather just go get the batteries
oh my god okay you know what your
singing was so good it made me sleepy so
I'm just gonna go lay in bed uh-huh so
how are you doing over there sucking
your thumb you're not that kind I'm
gonna sleep oh boy me how about I tell
you about my day it's gonna be a real
short story okay so what do you look for
work I decided I was really hungry so
I'm just gonna eat what
and I was so happy and so I ate that and
after I ate that I wanted to get my
nails done but the nail salon didn't
have the color I wanted so I went to the
store and I got another color and then
they painted that color and then I got
my hands on and boy boy me yeah yeah
yeah what yeah yeah some something about
three little pigs right blew the house
down I'm gonna go to sleep now care and
I had a really long day
wait you want a full of rabbit no no I
really I really don't care I I really
just want to go to sleep okay oh good
night pointy you're not even asleep boy
what are you doing um nothing
where did you get that happy mail boy um
yeah you know and there was like I heard
some kid screaming for help outside and
so I went to check on him and some bully
had stolen his happy meal so so I chased
down the bully and then I got the happy
meal from him and when I came back the
kid was he was he was dead so I I just
figured I'd keep the Happy Meal you know
I might as well eat it boy me you really
shouldn't eat that McDonald's is so
unhealthy for you that's gonna go
straight to your thighs oh well what the
shoe leather that you cook me for dinner
is healthy for me honey you're not gonna
eat that
well yes I am okay
[Music]