okay guys are you ready to build this
airplane Lego set heck yeah dude yeah it
has 669 pieces I like the 69 part let's
get started dude yeah let's build this
thing wait what's wrong yeah what's the
matter Genie we have to build it look
yeah I mean they're Legos that's how
Legos were I don't want to build it's
gonna take hours
well then don't buy Legos
Legos toys well I want to play with
Legos but built and not have to build
it's gonna take hours well I mean I have
Legos at my house that I already built
you do yeah okay let's go play with
Legos at your house okay come out let's
go okay guys check out my Legos whoa you
built all this stuff Cody yep I built
the Millennium Falcon and baby Yoda and
R2D2 oh is that the Disney Castle Cody
oh yeah that took forever to build oh
dude I can't lie this is super sick Cody
what is that oh that that's my Lego
Titanic you built this oh yeah it took
months dude this is huge yeah it is
pretty big Oh you mean the Titanic yeah
that's pretty big too Cody can we put it
in my pool and see if it sinks well it's
gonna sink it's made of Legos look can
we put it in the pool but no it took me
forever to build this we gotta see if it
floats dude yeah it's not gonna flow how
do you build a Lego Titanic you don't
try to reenact the crash in a pool I
don't want to destroy it this took me
forever to build come on Cody no oh
sorry guys I gotta use the bathroom I
haven't pooped in like three days so I'm
pretty backed up
Joseph let's grab this and put it in my
pool oh dude we got to I got inside oh I
got this side careful careful whoa
Joseph this is so cool I know dude is
that the real Titanic hole where's that
Iceberg I gotta hit it I'll beat the
iceberg hit me okay dude watch out I'm
not paying attention and I got a boat
full of billionaires
hey brats your dinner's ready all right
we have to go inside Let It Go Joseph
but dude is gonna sink it's the
unsinkable ship Joseph it can't sink oh
yeah you're right what am I thinking
yeah let's go inside
[Music]
oh man Joseph I'm so full but I love it
when Chef PB makes hot dog pizza oh yeah
dude Hot Dog Pizza is the best yeah
let's go outside and play with the
Titanic oh yeah let's see how many
people drown all right Joseph you ready
to play with this Titanic you do but
where is it we left it right here I know
but oh dude look it's fake I told you it
was gonna sink well I didn't think it
was actually gonna sink I thought it was
like a Lego Titanic dude it's like the
real Titanic that is really cool that it
really said I know right but how are we
gonna get it back before Cody notices uh
dive down there and get it okay I'll get
it
foreign
it's too deep my ear started hurting
from all the pressure how are we gonna
get it dude I don't know we need like a
submarine or something we're gonna get
somebody from uh I got an idea come on
oh hey guys sorry I took so long I was
taking a mean Grumpy in the toilet but
guys what oh hell no
hell no I'm so pissed off
calm down what's wrong did you slam your
pee pee in the toilet seat again well
yes but that's not why I'm mad were you
taking a bath and you got the boss so
stuck up your butt again yeah but it's
not that either my friend stole my Lego
Titanic well I don't know what that
means but I hope you win yeah I love
Remember the Titans oh that Denzel
Washington if I could just have one
night with him me too okay okay Junior
where the frick is my heck and Lego time
Titanic and don't even tell me you
didn't take it because I know your
stinky little hands did all right dude I
think you should tell them he's
obviously serious because he's cussing
wait and what's this hot dog Pizza you
guys hot dog pizza and you didn't invite
me well look there's some hot dog left
there's a tip right there I don't want
the tip I want
and then I want some hot dogs Zing look
if you want your Lego Titanic back so
bad why don't you go get it what Jenny
usually people say that before they
throw something look it's at the bottom
of my pool what because we were swimming
with it wait and it sank but I'm gonna
build a submarine and go get it you
don't have to build a submarine it's in
your pool just swim down there and get
it I tried to go do that but it hurt my
ears because all the pressure there
can't be that much pressure it's a pool
uh the pool is pretty deep dude yeah go
go get it then Cody it hurts my ears
yeah so I'm gonna build this submarine
wait you don't know how to build a
submarine yes I do I'm gonna put out a
carbon fiber and duct tape duct tape
strongest thing known to man yeah I'm
gonna break some rules making the
submarine I don't want somebody breaking
rules to make my submarine well I'm
gonna break some rules and I bet you a
few billionaires would pay to ride on
this thing look I just want my Lego
Titanic back and the only way to get it
is to build the submarine so let me
build it and then you can ride in it
with me
and done oh man it looks pretty
professional to me dude and I didn't
even have to use all the duct tape maybe
you should have I'm gonna call this
thing old yellow old yellow like the dog
movie what you mean like Old Yeller the
movie where the dog dies oh man I love
that movie We're Not Gonna Die like the
dog did because it would mean this nice
safe submarine okay just a couple
problems Junior how are we gonna breathe
in there
like this but no Junior I know how
breathing works you asked how we're
gonna breathe in there and I showed you
wait no I mean how much air are we gonna
have in there
the world is full of air Cody we can
breathe all we want no no I mean idiot
well I mean when we seal ourselves in
there and
we're gonna have air Cody we're on Earth
Earth has air We're not gonna run out of
air for like 100 million years no that's
not fine forget that how about this what
is this even made of it doesn't feel
very sturdy it might implode what's
implode mean it's the opposite of
explode so it's a good thing no it's a
very bad thing no you said exploding is
bad right so if you implode it's the
opposite of explode so it's a good thing
yeah I want to get my implode on let's
implode I hope we implode
it's like where it caves in on itself
We're Not Gonna cave in Cody we're not
going in the caves we're going
underwater duh no no no it's like it's
like it it crumples it it crushes like
the the name of the turtle from Finding
Nemo no that's Crush no not guys I I
think I know how to explain this guys
get in here Cody what are you doing uh
dude that's a fire hazard yeah you can't
cook a can of sprite Cody what's wrong
with you I'm trying to show you what an
implosion is okay no just imagine this
Sprite can is the submarine and this is
what's gonna happen to us if we go too
deep in the pool and the pressure gets
to be too bad okay watch
see what just happened it imploded what
no you said imploden was the opposite of
explosion that's a can of sprite that
just crushed Cody yeah we wouldn't even
fit in that dude yeah there's no way we
could fit in that what no no this is
what the submarine's gonna do no My
Submarine is not a can of sprite Cody it
can't just Crush like that yes two times
the size of that dude no but this is
what's gonna happen though no it's not
Cody because we're not gonna put the
submarine on the stove and then a plate
I don't know what the hell you're doing
good drinks in the refrigerator idiot if
you wanted to crush a can you could have
just stepped on it you didn't have to do
all this nerd crap okay you know what
screw it fine let's just try it it's a
pool it can't go that wrong yeah because
I don't know what you're doing trying to
cook cans of Sprite are you okay I don't
understand what the whole point of that
was Cody but are you at least gonna go
eat the can of sprite you cooked Junior
I wasn't gonna eat it it was a science
experiment I mean it's well done now
yeah it's ready to eat Cody but no it
was just to show you what's gonna happen
to us when we go down into the pool Cody
this submarine is made out of duct tape
that can of sprite is made out of
aluminum why are you saying it like
you're British I did not say dot type I
said duct tape in an American accent
Cody okay find your here what's your
plan so we're gonna go inside this and
we're going to drive down to the Titanic
wait Drive yeah it has a controller that
controls it that looks like a toy
controller yeah but it controls it all
doesn't go up and down and we go down
there and we grab your Titanic oh man
that looks fun I wish I was going yeah
so me and you were gonna get inside and
Joseph's gonna duct tape us closed duct
tape us closed how are we gonna get out
we're not the only way we get out is if
Joseph takes the duct tape off when we
get back but what if there's an
emergency and we need to get out down
there if there's an emergency we're
gonna die anyway so come on Cody
let's go okay Joseph duct tape was
closed I got you bro all right dude I
don't take you in there get nice and
comfy there's no way out all right Cody
are you ready to go save the Titanic
that you sank it wouldn't have sank if
you had been playing with us because you
would have watched it and it wouldn't
have sank Junior I'm getting
claustrophobic in here look it's only
gonna take a few minutes all right
Joseph take us to the pool and drop us
in there all right you got it bro
all right Cody we're at the bottom of my
pool and look there's your Lego Titanic
great grab it okay I'm gonna grab it
oh [ __ ] what I forgot to add a
mechanical arm to grab stuff what do you
mean you forgot
you didn't think to add
at all hey look we're just gonna go back
up I'm gonna add an arm and we'll come
back down okay
oh [ __ ] what now I didn't add an engine
to you know move it what Junior are you
kidding me you're telling me we're
trapped at the bottom of this pulled
duct tape shut with no way out yeah what
what you hide out here We're Not Gonna
Die look we can sit down and just relax
and breathe we can't breathe Junior
we're gonna run out of bed We're not
gonna run out of air the world's full of
air
definitely breathe
oxy oxide eventually the oxygen is gonna
run out and we're gonna die okay look
and then I'll just hold my breath
you don't have to hold your breath
did you know you're wasting even more
air okay look I'm sorry how about I just
called Joseph and tell him to come get
us yes do that okay let me grab my phone
all right Cody it's ringing hey dude did
you get the Titanic well I didn't add a
robotic arm to grab it oh man that would
have been [ __ ] yeah so I need you to
come down here and grab us because we're
stuck wait wait it's too deep dude you
know my ears are Buzz oh yeah the
pressure well can you at least call the
cops and tell them to come help us uh
dude I guess so I'll call the cops all
right he's gonna call the cops because
he can't come get us great okay so
what's going on my friends are stuck in
the submarine down by the Titanic okay I
have so many questions why is there a
Lego Titanic at the bottom of this pool
because it's Saint oh well naturally
okay but why are they in a submarine
because they were trying to rescue the
Titanic well that's stupid well why
don't you just tell them to get out and
swim up they can't because I don't take
the clothes from the outside oh so they
got trapped in there yeah how much
oxygen do they have like a couple
minutes minutes
um okay I think I have an idea Junior
I'm getting light-headed I think that
means we're running out of oxygen Cody
if we die I I hope I'm remembered as an
innovator someone who broke the rules
Junior you're gonna be remembered as an
idiot and I'll be remembered as an idiot
too for listening to you oh cheer up
Cody I got a funny joke for you what do
you call a dog on a submarine what a
subwoofer
I don't know if it's just a low oxygen
or if that was just funny as [ __ ] oh uh
Cody I've been holding in a fart for a
while that hot dog pizza's not settling
well Junior don't we only have a little
bit of oxygen left and I don't want to
die breathing your ass fumes wait
actually I think that's exactly how I
want to die let it rip okay
all right all right so what's your plan
to save them save them no we're not
doing that well wait you're not gonna
rescue them no man they're not
billionaires we're not spending taxpayer
money to save these kids I need
something that'll make the news you
gotta save them my friends are gonna die
look I didn't make him get in that
shitty submarine come on please you need
to rescue them hey don't make me arrest
you you're getting a little Rowdy what
oh you know what out of here dude
I like this couch is this a new couch
this is a new couch wow that Grimace
video really messed up the old one oh
come to your phone up all inside the
submarine okay did you do that before it
smelled so bad it was a fart Cody I
don't know I just thought I was gonna
like it I don't know what I was thinking
it would have thought everywhere oh God
get us out of here's somebody help uh
help
oh
[Applause]
just about to go surfing in this pool
whoa wait is that the Lego Titanic cool
wait is that a submarine and there are
people in there oh my God my lifeguard
senses are tingling I can hear them
calling for help with my Sonar hearing
I'm coming Bruce
[Music]
ah I saved you guys but I broke my teeth
I hit my mouth on your little glass
thing I'm really glad that Surfer guy
came along and saved us yeah I feel bad
about his teeth oh hey officer oh hey
hey did you kids hear about those two
stupid kids that are trapped at the
bottom of a pool in a Little Submarine
yeah they're probably gonna die what a
bunch of dumb asses yeah one of their
friends told me to go get help but I
mean they're not billionaires why would
I even bother that was us huh we were
the two kids trapped in the summary oh
oh that's
I called the president
for some reason in the Marines and Seal
Team Six so that that's probably who
saved you no it was a random Surfer that
was Aquaman yeah that was Aquaman I sent
him down there that's why I'm
celebrating with this beer because I
knew he was gonna save you oh well I
sure learned my lesson I learned and
never build a submarine myself and try
to go see the Titanic yeah don't don't
do that again and sorry we didn't get
your Titanic Cody it's gonna just stay
down there I guess that's okay I guess
that's just gonna have to be its final
resting place well look on the bright
side kids at least you guys didn't pay
for that experience yeah
this is a new couch right
yeah yeah
it's a good upholstery I like it it's
firm
I was just gonna chill here for a while
if you guys don't mind
you didn't call for help did you I did
not
[Music]