Marvin I got the Doritos thank you baby
hey Marvin thanks for inviting me over
to watch the bowl you know I hate
watching it at my house my wife just
asks too many questions like what does
the yellow line mean and why are there
Foot Locker employees on the field and
why did they get six points if they only
scored once and why is it called
football if they play with their hands I
don't know Karen shut up I asked those
questions too Marvin can we go to a bar
no I want to watch the game on my couch
at home okay fine I hate both teams
anyway I mean the Kansas City Chiefs I
mean come on they should be canceled and
have to change their name that's
offensive to Indians and the San
Francisco 49ers is offensive to people
who aren't 49 unless it's like 49ers
like 49y olds hey Marvin how many
9-year-olds you think you could beat up
in a fight what yeah like if you got
attacked by a bunch of 9-year-olds or or
maybe if they all stood in like a single
file line and came up one at a time so
you had to fight them why would they do
that I think I could beat up 10 I think
I could do 15 Marvin do we have any
other snacks I thought we could grill
hot dogs oh speaking of hot dogs you
guys see Drake's penis wa what oh yeah
it's massive it's like a snake he was
just wiggling it around I think he was
trying to get control of it honestly I'm
glad mine's not that big mine's nice and
Compact and simple it's fun-sized yeah
I'm actually over here because my wife
and I got in a huge argument when she
saw Drake's penis she was like why can't
your penis be as big as Drake's and I'm
like I'm sorry Karen it's not my fault
that some men just have everything he's
got a big penis he can rap he's got a
big penis he can sing he's got a big
penis he's Rich did I mention how big
his penis is I was hoping it would be
small because then at least things would
even out somewhere but no he just has to
have a big p doesn't have everything
it's not fair baby what team are you
going for uh Taylor Swift's team she
doesn't have a team she's just banging
one of the players okay everyone just
calm down look the Super Bowl
commercials are starting o
goodie oh my God doctor how's my son is
he okay your son my son you were just
operating on him oh him yeah he's dead
what yeah he died oh my God oh my God
you couldn't save him he got hit by a
bus it dragged him like five blocks what
do you think was going to happen there
wasn't anything you could do to save my
son oh my God oh my God my son mhm
listen you seem really upset so I'm
going to give you this prescription for
some uh anti-depressants thank you
Doctor
Doritos
MH Doritos it'll make you forget about
your dead son oh my God man that sure is
a bangable doctor I bet he has a penis
like Drakes I'd bang that doctor Marvin
you'd bang that doctor Rose bang the
doctor bangable doctor I think he's a
pretty bangable doctor oh look another
commercial starting oh this one's my
commercial wa you have a Super Bowl
commercial yeah watch what a clear
September day and here I am stuck in the
stupid plane God I hate flying sometimes
I just want to crash this plane right
into a
building no no no no you know what I'm
just going to eat a
Snickers that's good yeah that's much
better now I don't feel like crashing a
plane into a building so what do you
guys think huh you know that's actually
based on a true story yep September 10th
and then imagine my surprise the next
day when I saw what happened God If Only
They had a Snickers right see now
they're required to keep Snickers on the
plane in case that happens the air
marshall has one um how did you get
Snickers to approve that commercial oh
it wasn't easy it took me 22 years and
they kept saying nope nope it's too
early it's too early and then now this
year since it's been 22 years and Taylor
Swift has a song called 22 they said
now's the year air that [ __ ] mhm You're
Not Afraid Snickers going to get
canceled no no I mean it's not like
people are going to stop eating Snickers
Snickers oh look there's another
commercial coming on Tyrone our
relationship's getting stale I want
something Double Stuffed full of cream
yeah you right baby that's why I invited
my homeboy over super mega D and I
thought you could be the cream in the
middle of this
situation oh well I was thinking more
like double stuffed Oreos milk favorite
cookie we can eat them later you about
to get double stuff right now baby okay
yeah come on super de get the back I
suddenly want Oreos right now do you
think they have triple
stuffed okay Marvin cheer up look at
this Skittles commercial get in there
boy please let me out no you got to meet
your new cmate rainbow
rainbow what's up cutie come over here
taste
rainbow oh God get on your knees boy
taste that
rainbow why would he spit the Skittles
out what a quitter Marvin Marvin Marvin
Marvin C can can you go check your mail
real quick it's Sunday the mail doesn't
come on Sunday I think I think they
delivered mail today can you go check I
I don't think their mail is here you
know what never mind never mind you're
my buddy I wouldn't do that oh look a
Jimmy Butler commercial oh it's not even
about basketball hi I'm two-time NBA
Finals loser and zero time NBA champion
Jimmy Butler when I'm not out on the
court losing I'm at home making coffee
which is my real passion now I know I've
made over $200 million playing
basketball but now I want to make $200
million making coffee so if you gave me
the choice between winning six
championships and having one cup of big
face coffee you know I'm taking that
coffee and if I had the choice between
10 championships and one BBC I'm taking
that BBC that's big black coffee so
please buy my coffee so I can stop
playing basketball damn it Jimmy focus
on playing [ __ ] basketball nobody
wants any of your shitty coffee ooh look
another commercial the hell was that
Captain Captain we hit an iceberg the
ship's going down we're taking in water
how much water's coming in it's gushing
in Captain it's a heavy floor we'll take
these tampons and stuff them in there
great idea
captain captain captain it worked the
ship is safe I told you tampons can
solve any flow wa I need to get that
brand hey Marvin you think they really
could have stopped the the Titanic from
sinking using tampons no Liars at least
my 9/11 commercial is true oh guys look
a Burger King commercial W
booo boo McDonald's is clearly better
there's no way anyone would eat this
[ __ ] at
di
CK your boot tastes like dick hey
everybody it's me Ronald McDonald and
there's no way in [ __ ] that you thought
Burger King could afford a Super Bowl
commercial this [ __ ] cost $7 million
every 30 seconds and I bought 2 minutes
that's $28
million Burger King hasn't made that in
his whole career I made that every
second let's try it w let's let's see
let's give it a
chance what is this [ __ ] I got to get
this this a out of my mouth
oh look at that double quar Pounder with
cheese is [ __ ] K come here get close I
thought get closer look at that look at
all that meat all that cheese it's about
to make me act up oh look at
you let me
just it doesn't even make you want to
chew you just want to swallow that [ __ ]
what what's that you call it your
brother hold on hold on let me oh hey
that big mac oh look at
you oh look at you big mac oh you look
so delicious with extra meat an extra
bun well you guys got to try this [ __ ]
go to McDonald's buy my [ __ ] we put
crack in it and it's
good
so Dam God I want McDonald's now do you
think Drake eats McDonald's a now all I
can think about is big floppy wiener
just flopping around all over the place
someone's at the door oh if it's Drake
tell them to go away nobody wants to see
it except for maybe my wife hello hey
there Tom Brady let me in quick we don't
have a lot of time okay who's at the
door Marvin Tom Brady
Tom Brady that's right what are you
doing here Tom Brady well that stupid
Patrick Mahomes is back at the Super
Bowl I thought I sent his ass home
crying three years ago when my
Buccaneers bent him over you did well
yeah but now he's back at the Super Bowl
and if he wins this one he's going to
have three rings so yeah you have seven
well I don't want him catching up to me
so if he loses this one he'll be two for
two and he'll never catch up yeah it
would be really hard for him to catch up
if he loses this one exactly so what I
need you two to do is rig this game and
make sure he loses how can we rig the
Super Bowl I have a couple ideas ideas
oh everybody shut up my Super Bowl
commercial's
on I'm retiring it's over for me Mr
Brady Mr
Brady what do you want kid I just wanted
to let you know you're the greatest of
all time yeah kid whatever Mr Brady
would you like my
Coca-Cola you really mean it yeah you
can have it he'll take it gee thanks kid
you know you remind me a lot of my
son
yeah that's right get it Tom more tongue
you know I did that last take 58 times
we got it right on the first try I just
wanted to do 57 more that was just a
random kid rig that Super Bowl damn it
so how are we going to rig the Super
Bowl I have an idea I'll be right back
all right I'm back and I got Patrick
mahomes's Jersey how'd you get his
jersey well I dressed up like a Kansas
City Chief's player and I snuck into the
locker room and stole it wait you went
all the way to Las Vegas and back yeah
and I got to hurry if I want to get back
there before the game starts well the
national anthem starting right now oh
[ __ ] singing the National Anthem ping
and pong thank you so much for having us
here today to sing at the Super Bowl
[Music]
pinging
pinging oh [ __ ] we got to hurry I bet
the national anthem would go for at
least 2 minutes you can bet on the
national anthem oh yeah you can bet on
anything like I bet Taylor whip would
break up with Travis Kelce if they lost
no she only wants to date a winner so
how can we make the Jersey bad well the
same as last time we just take this
skunk and we spray it on the Jersey so
now the jerseyy going to be so stinky
Patrick Mahomes won't be able to focus
on the game that and his dad got his
third DUI so I'm sure that's on his mind
but if he smells so bad won't the other
players not want to tackle him maybe but
this is all we can do for right now ooh
you could tie his shoelaces together I
will try that if I can get close enough
you know what you should do you should
pose as one of the receivers so when
Patrick Mahomes throws you the ball you
can drop it on purpose oh they already
have cadarius Tony they don't need me
for that all right I'll be back okay I'm
back and that was close too cuz as soon
as I got in the locker room I saw
Patrick Mahomes and he was like where's
my jersey man hey Travis where's my
jersey coach Reed do you know where my
Jersey is hey Travis can you ask Taylor
where my Jersey is please my jersey man
my jersey so I gave it to him and then
he was like thanks for my jersey he
sounds like Kermit the Frog oh well at
least you didn't get caught yeah let's
watch this game so score predictions
anyone oo o Taylor Swift's team 20 two
and the other team two so you think the
final score is going to be 22 to2 uh-huh
so one team is going to get a safety and
that's it and then the other team is
going to score three touchdowns and go
for two for no [ __ ] reason what's the
safety can we please go to a bar no guys
the game is starting we got to watch
everyone be quiet Yay Taylor Swift team
won oh no the Chiefs won you think
Brady's Mad God damn it boys what the
hell was that I told you to rig that
game we tried to we sprayed Patrick
Mahomes Jersey with a skunk yeah and I
got his dad arrested for a DUI last week
how did you do that well I bought him a
bunch of drinks and I handed him his car
keys and told him to drive home as fast
as I could and then I called the cops on
him but that still wasn't enough now
he's three in one in Super Bowls damn it
I'm just so dang mad where's my son I
need to give him angry kisses get over
[Music]
here