our lien friends is filmed in front of a
live audience hi guys I'm charlie
it's a day I'm home alone you know what
that means
I'm with myself so hard to play by
myself comedic genius
hey all you Charlie and Friends fans out
there do I have a contest for you what's
the side pair of my underwear in not
just city pair of my underwear
oh this beer I've had these on system
very first episode of Charlie and
Friends oh and I haven't washed them God
and they can belong to you
[Applause]
and you probably wondered how do I win
these well all you have to do is call me
and tell me how much you love me and if
I believe you
you win I'll be waiting by my phone I'm
getting a phone call hello
this is Camille Habib a bob and I want
to picture underwear on my doorknob
well how much do you love me or as much
as a camo loves water look not good
enough by god next caller I'm getting
another phone call hello hi this is mr.
Goodman and I would like to buy your
underwear they're not for sale how much
do you love me I don't want anyone I
only love my money so I would like to
buy your underwear well they're not for
sale
Oh next caller stop answering other
people answer me another caller
hopefully this one loves me hello please
tell me you love me I would do anything
for you I'll put my kid up for adoption
for you Howie my old toenail whoa sounds
like that band loves me looks like we
have our winner guys congratulations
Bauer you get the underwear
oh man about to cook dinner I need to
get a new job thank you
oh yeah four fingers congratulations
you're the winner
Charlie's used underoos what do you want
dad you see these beautiful pair of
underwear right here side by charlie
ooh dad why do you have that because I
want him in the contest and I want to
hang them up right here in the kitchen
so every time I eat I can see him do dad
why would you want that because to me
look look you better not touch him okay
if you touch him oh you're gonna lose
all your video games Android for the
rest of your life and chef peepee if you
touch them you're gonna clean the toilet
with your tongue you got that I
understand whatever buzzer what your dad
won Junior you wanted to tell me that
touches smelly underwear that's hanging
up in the kitchen yeah no no I
yeah hey junior you won't have a food
fight in the kitchen juniors ready oh
man perfect timing
now we can have our food fight and it's
ravioli so it's really messy there's
great being Johnny
I ain't green beans jr. but I'll start a
food fight
oh no Jeffy oh no I'm in so much trouble
Dewar's I'm dirty underwear a junior
they need to learn how to use the
bathroom Jeffy do you know what you just
did I sent it hard no you do raviolo
over my dad's side underwear why'd your
dad got dirty underwear all over the
wall I didn't do it chef peepee Jeffy
get it what do you want to have a food
fight oh you know what I'm just gonna
tell you he's gonna find out anyway
untie me
oh they'll let you out when he finds out
how about that no no no Tommy tie me
close it all right so we'll get him out
whenever we are fixed underway okay okay
now that we got rid of chef peepee we
have to find a way to fix this underwear
before my dad sees all we just put in
the washing machine that washes clothes
you're a genius Jeffy one thing with my
ending not with mom but let's put in the
washing machine all right Jesse I think
it's done being clean wait we're there
okay there look there good as new
bebe no all I do is hang him back on the
wall and my dad would never notice she
doing here when something goes bad
there's always eat good yeah let's go
yeah they look perfect if my dad will
never notice if we did
[Music]
look the signatures gone Oh much he just
ran away what no my dad cared you have
to see the trace I'd like Charlie his
most favorite person ever getting our
signature cuz he's super famous I don't
know the signature from him we just go
to his house I mean that seems to be
what people like to do these days before
the show up at his house and get his
signature Google address and show to his
house and you're fine
okay Jeffy Google says that Charlie
lives at this address I don't think I'll
have any problem with us just randomly
showing up yeah me either
so we're gonna go up there I'm gonna
sign this underwear and we'll be good
okay I'm also gonna ask him for some
free stuff yeah let's do it
oh man Jeffy I'm so nervous I don't know
what to say along Jeffy Jeff e1 I said
I'm so nervous I don't know what to say
1 what I took the sharpie out of the ear
what I said I'm so nervous I don't know
what to say to them oh that's a good
idea
ha ha all right knock oh I'll show you
hello I'm Charlie watch here what are
you guys doing in my house
yeah I'm there with you we were
wondering if you could sign a pair of
your underwear a pair of my underwear
what are you doing with that I mean we
won in a contest no way you know my
property before I call the cops
[Applause]
underwear I got an idea all right Jeffy
are you ready
why am I dressed like a girl I got a
winner because Jeffy were a married
couple our car just broke down and you
really have to use the bathroom so we're
gonna knock on the door we had to tell
Charlie that you have to use the
bathroom you're a girl he's not gonna
say no to you so while you're using the
bathroom you're gonna grab a pair of his
underwear while I just drop them okay
but I got a wiener it doesn't matter
just know that they're not going to draw
like a girl you guys doing here hello
sir me and my beautiful wife jeffina
were driving through your neighborhood
and our car broke down so she really has
to use the bathroom so we're wondering
if you could use the bathroom yeah but I
got a wiener so the bathrooms over there
okay thanks
I mean you got a nice place here oh
thank you so how did you meet your wife
second grade oh man I dropped out in
second grade how do you get there people
laugh whenever you want
oh those are my friends hmm yep those
your underwear
so I got a question your name's Charlie
why is there three wise in your name
well there's the wife for every divorce
I got because I wonder why did I even
get married that was close
once we got done underwear well now all
we gotta do is get them to sign it but
how I got an idea come on Jeffy all
right Jeffy we're dressed as TV
executives and we're gonna say that
we're from corporate and we're gonna
pitch him a new TV show idea he's gonna
want the deal so bad he's gonna be
begging to sign that underwear thinking
it's the contract Junior a business up
top and party down below yeah if I saw
this I would sign a TV deal and they do
all right knock on the door you guys
we're from corporate and we see your
name and lights
Hollywood signs we see you being famous
kid we want to pitch you a TV show wait
I'm already famous but you could be more
famous were just less inside and we'll
tell you how to get rich what famous or
I like that yeah so what were you
talking about
so you have a hit TV show named Charlie
in French right si yes I do
well how would you like to be rich tell
me more okay so we were thinking about a
new TV show called Charlie and Friends
to wait to number two in your pants in
my bed in your pants yeah Charlie
friends too actually
Charlie and Friends dos dos yeah it's
gonna
Telemundo Telemundo yup see here's the
thing people in America love Charlie and
friends but people in Mexico don't know
what you're talking about because the
show is in English yeah yeah so we make
Charlie and Friends DOS it's giving
charlie friends in Spanish and all the
people in Mexico will love you we're
talking international baby good yeah I'm
talking no more US dollar I'm talking
full-on pesos there you go so it's a
win-win I'm talking all the Mexican
pesos and look you want a side or not
yeah where do I sign you sign right here
on a pair of your underwear these
contracts are getting weird yeah yep you
sir just sign your name like kind of
like an autograph on this underwear okay
kind of sideways yeah yeah like that
well it was a pleasure doing business
with you Charlie or should I call you el
charlo gracias but I'll go wash it okay
finally Jeffy sure we actually don't
like the ravioli you're stinky on your
work whatever shut up let's go yeah you
better stay away from my underwear today
was stressful Jeffy you Shannon jr. I
just have this weird feeling that we're
forgetting something oh yeah four
fingers dinner no I don't think it's
that it's something else you don't have
anything or jr. we got club you forgot
about me
get me out of this truck right now
[Music]