[Music]
there you go golden egg nice and safe
now don't go anywhere because you're my
favorite
[Music]
wow i can't believe i stole this golden
egg from the easter bunny it's worth
over 20 million dollars what a steal sir
chives it's hot in here roll the window
down so i can get some fresh air but sir
this is an aeroplane roll the window
down sir i would highly suggest not
doing that try to do what is faking i
said roll the window down very well sir
oh my golden egg charged you idiot when
you rolled the window down my golden egg
flew out now you better jump off this
airplane it pairs you down and find my
golden egg but but sir i don't have a
parachute jump
very well sir
jump charge do i absolutely
very well sir
all right guys five more minutes on the
easter egg hunt
what's wrong jeffy i can't find any
eggies they're all over the yard jeffy
well i can't see you because you have
the dumb basket on your head oh look at
the eggs give me daddy
oh man guys i found so many eggs oh dude
look i found one well i just found
another one oh i found another one i can
find more guys these eggs are not hard
to find at all jeffy how many eggs you
got
okay wait is that a golden egg
i got it i got it that's the thing i saw
first no dude i saw it first off that's
tough
it doesn't matter who saw it first i got
the golden egg well what do you get for
the golden egg yeah i i don't know i'm
gonna go ask uh hey i found the golden
egg what do i get we didn't have a
golden egg baby did you had a golden egg
no i didn't chef pepe did you had a
golden egg no i didn't but if you're
giving money away i might fight him for
it because i need some money we didn't
hide a golden egg well it just kind of
fell in front of us i thought you did it
well it's not ours yeah okay
daddy i can't find any eggs oh not this
again jeffy
all right i'm back on the end
of that are you in here
me and the tooth fairy brought you a
present for easter lots of candy so you
can lose both your teeth oh jesus christ
man what happened to you speak to me
easter bunny my my golden egg show us
something
look nobody stole your golden egg are
you sure you didn't just sell it for
smack like you did a few years ago
nothing someone stole it was one of your
elves do you want your help again no my
elves would never steal anything all bad
elves get executed by firing squad
can i hit their teeth oh come on what is
it with you and teeth what is it when
you're breaking into little kids houses
well you break into people's houses too
and you steal their body parts hey i pay
him for it that sounds like some kind of
prostitution to me yeah that did sound
kind of weird i'm gonna fight you stole
my egg
oh he really needs to go back into rehab
hey there easter bunny we got some calls
we heard you going crazy
he stole my egg it's gone i know i know
buddy who santa claus called us and he
told us all about it
there's a shame he used to be someone's
hero now look at you he's going all
cuckoo
i know i know you're not cuckoo buddy
we're gonna get you the help you need
we're gonna get some medicine to get
those voices out of your head
back back the hell up easter bunny i'm
gonna blow you away oh come on mate you
can't shoot the easter bunny well if you
watch the [ __ ] around and find out i'll
put a ball between his arms oh god oh
god my reaction time is terrible hey hey
don't shoot okay don't do anything
you're gonna regret all right i got a
family i got a wife i got a kid
actually you know what just shoot me
oh
dispatch the easter bunny's gone crazy
he's got my gun so why do you want to
eat tyrone can we please get some
chicken and waffles cause you can't cook
woman oh tyrone you're so nice and
honest whatever shut up
oh jesus what is that i don't know woman
i think it's a chupacabra
jesus it's the easter bunny rabbit
tracer for kids yeah
i swear okay
did we just get carjacked by the easter
bunny damn times has changed wow guys i
can't believe i found this golden egg
and you didn't we all found it together
cody yeah well then why am i the one
holding it well because we dove in a dog
pile and you came out with it you
started humping my leg dude yeah well
the dog's gotta do what a dog's gotta do
woof woof what are you gonna do with
that egg anyway cody i don't know
probably just stare at it know that i
have it and you don't oh i know i'll
post about it on facebook why so the
whole world knows that i have it and you
don't here hold on to it ken i want to
take a selfie just don't let anything
happen to it cause it's one of a kind
okay snap a selfie real quick
no i should smile more
oh yeah that's the one now what should
the caption be hmm oh i know just found
this golden egg and my friends didn't
hashtag lame hashtag scrub hashtag
loserwoozer
geez louise hashtag golddigger post
it's already blowing up i've already
gone viral i got one like already and
it's from my mom oh she's calling me
yellow
hey cody did you really find a golden
egg oh mom i'm so tired of talking about
my golden egg it's all anyone wants to
talk about i mean it's not that big of a
deal well i mean i guess it is a pretty
big deal but you know just be cool about
it i'm so proud of you cody yeah i know
everybody is i get that a lot all right
i'll see you later mom oh you guys it's
so hard having this golden egg i mean i
just can't deal with all this attention
that i didn't ask for you guys are
honestly lucky you didn't find it
because man this is tough i hate you
cody well don't hate me because you
ain't me hey do you think this egg could
fit in my butt nah
well
i didn't get any eggies because you have
a basket on your head jeffy my dirty
easter bunny you can give me free eggs
jeffy i'm not the easter bunny yes you
are
who daddy who had to know i'll answer it
hello where is where's what you know
what i'm talking about i honestly don't
chives is dead on your roof and i know
you know why but why is that my roof
dead what happened i had a golden egg it
flew out of my private jet i pushed
chives out of the jet he landed on your
roof and died and i know you took the
golden egg well i promise i don't have a
golden egg well i'm coming inside cause
i know that dirty little mouth of yours
is lying
where is it where is it where is it
marvin what is he looking for a golden
egg or something oh like the golden egg
that the boys found outside excuse me
yeah the boys found one outside earlier
today oh yeah i remember that marvin i'm
going to give you a spanking
because does your son have my golden egg
no my son doesn't have the egg the other
kid has it who the one with the yellow
teeth yeah and he has glasses and like
the fuzzy hair i don't give a [ __ ] where
is he oh he's upstairs on the red couch
that's all you had to say
ah so guys what do you want to do now i
think don't say it we should look at my
gold egg some more god i hate you cody
that's my egg oh the easter bunny why do
you have a gun i know you stole my egg
what this is your egg you know it's my
egg cause you stole it i didn't steal it
it just fell out of the sky
likely story i saw your post on facebook
what you don't know how to make your
post private
just take your stupid egg i don't even
want it oh no you're gonna die
joseph do something you're behind him
it's my time to be a hero
damn it joseph coward so any last words
ho ho oh no put the gun down easter
bunny santa claus tooth fairy hey do you
brush your teeth not as much as i should
no good do you help anybody shut up what
are you doing here claus look i know
this kid didn't take your egg how do you
do that because i see them when they're
sleeping and i know when they're awake
see you're creepy too
shut up i know this kid didn't take your
egg because he's on the nice list i can
be pretty naughty too oh believe me i
know you're sure he didn't take my egg
he didn't take your egg so just take it
and leave
oh oh my god oh my god you guys i was so
scared well you you were so calm no no
oh my god i was about to crap my pants
that guy is crazy you know one time i
saw him eat a kid like actually eat like
he get mad that people were eating
chocolate bunnies and he ate a kid
starting with the ears it was crazy
there was a whole cover up and
everything well thanks for saving our
life santa claus yeah me and the tooth
fairy are gonna go make sure he gets the
help he needs don't forget to pull your
teeth out so i can leave your money
don't listen to her she has problems too
ah man junior i can't believe he took my
golden egg well at least he didn't kill
you i wish you would have killed me it'd
be easier to replace me than replace
that golden egg it's just so valuable i
hate you cody where is it where's what
not you him where is it what i don't
know what you're looking for stop
playing this game with me tell me where
it is right now well i don't know what
you're looking for the golden egg where
is it oh that jeez what is it with
everybody in my golden egg today the
easter bunny took it you gave it back to
the easter bunny well yeah he had a gun
man he was crazy do you know how hard it
was for me to steal that from him not
hard at all but still i don't have to do
that again well i mean you can have this
one oh really oh that makes me
completely forget about the golden egg
thank you so much
i don't want that i want the 20 million
dollar one well it was worth 20 million
dollars yes it was pure gold 20 million
dollars worth of pure gold i knew that
thing was special when i found it
because i found it i i hate you cody i'm
gonna go steal it back again well i
wouldn't steal it getting he's crazy
yeah my
presence well i'm glad you got your egg
back easter bunny if you ever lose those
teeth don't forget to call me you know
i'm getting real tired of you in this
teeth thing no one asked you santa well
happy easter easter bunny
i love my golden egg it's my favorite
egg i'm never gonna let anything happen
to it and i'm never gonna let anyone
take you ever again
[Music]
and