all right Jeffy we're gonna play a game
called horse without the S yeah so I'm
gonna make a shot and then you have to
make my exact same shot or you get a
letter okay all right I'm gonna shoot it
behind my back
yay I made it easy Junior my turn
oh you missed it darn it now I'm a [ __ ]
but no you only get an H oh hold on okay
Doug go in there there you go good girl
hey guys sorry I'm late I was walking
over here and this dog started following
me
a dog
it's cute right Are You Gonna Keep it no
Junior it's a stray dog it might have
rabies or something do you think the
dog's good at basketball what no why
would the dog be good at basketball in
the movie Air Bud the dog was good at
basketball that was just a movie well
look he looks like he likes it yeah look
he's sniffing the basketball he might be
good at it all right if you think so let
me grab my phone I'm gonna record this
dog making a shot all right Cody I'm
recording pass the ball to the dog okay
Junior
oh my God he actually made it oh he made
it oh wow yeah actually no I don't think
he made it I think I just bounced the
ball off his head no no the dog made it
like air bug and I'm going to upload on
Tick Tock and get a billion views
come on ladies run the play come on do
what I told you good ball movement
he missed he missed a wide open dunk God
I can't stand it big bird what's up
coach what the hell was that I try to
dunk the ball in the hoop and I missed
it yeah no [ __ ] look you're six nine
start playing like it I'm sorry coach
can I get some Gatorade no you don't
deserve Gatorade now get your ass back
out there all right cool Jesus okay
let's run another play
the ball that's the ball dude I was open
no [ __ ] you're open everyone's open it's
practice look guys the game is in 30
minutes Colby come here oh me coach
hey you wanted to speak to me coach yeah
look I'll be honest with you this team
sucks we haven't won a game all year and
if we lose another game I'm gonna be
fired as a coach okay so I need you to
go out there and show this team what
teamwork is and maybe make a few shots
too okay you got it coach uh could you
get off my hands so I can play though oh
yeah hold on
oh
[Applause]
poopy pooey are you okay no coach I
broke my ankle well that doesn't look
too bad no it snapped in half oh damn it
you're our best player I know coach I'm
sorry we're gonna lose that game tonight
and then you're gonna lose your coaching
job no the hell I'm not okay team
everybody huddle up all right team
poopy's out for the season I know he was
our best player and we're all in 10
right now
bad thing that's not good so we suck at
the biscuits balls yes you suck at the
basketball but but coach it could be
worse we could be on 11. that's true
yeah yeah and we're gonna be tonight
when we lose and I lose my coaching job
but that's not gonna happen because
we're gonna win but coach we got four
players we need five okay I will find us
another player but it doesn't even
matter we're still gonna lose well
excuse me coach with one loss because we
are a white skin not uh dark complexion
so
it would do this but it's true coach we
need some flavor well you guys got black
jerseys though this this fabric not not
skill no I guess you're right we do need
some brothers on the team okay I will go
find us a brother you guys stay here and
practice nine and eleven you guys are my
two tallest players you're you're my
you're my twin towers okay I need you
guys to stay here and practice dunking
coach we're tall like Michael Jordan yes
you were tall like Michael Jordan just
just practice dunking and try not to
collapse okay four and seven I need you
guys to practice your three-point throws
yeah just like that uh where am I gonna
find a new player by tonight that's not
gonna happen I'm just going to sit here
and watch some tick tocks before I get
fired oh my God this dog can play
basketball like Air Bud and it's black
team I'll be right back all right guys
what should we name this dog uh how
about Albert no Cody we're not naming an
Albert and the Chipmunks that's Alvin
and the Chipmunks same name it's still
ugly listen you name it a fun dog name
like berry berry yeah like Blackberry
because the dog's black what about
Michael Vick no oh how about how about
night time night time because the dog is
dark like the nighttime sky Jenny that
sucks how about Blackie no well no no I
meant like black because he's black not
in a bad way now that you said that I
can only think of it in a bad way well
what about Spanky ooh Spanky Muniz oh
yeah I like that let's name him Spanky
Muniz you like your name Spanky hey kids
oh I saw on Tick Tock that dog that's
good at basketball oh that dog's right
here I recorded the video okay cool good
shot I guess uh have you kids seen the
movie Air Bud where the dog plays
basketball yeah well I think we have a
similar situation here with this dog I
think it's good at basketball oh yeah
it's super good at basketball I mean
it's the next LeBron James you saw it
make that shot well actually I think I
bounced the ball off the dog's head no
no no couldn't know he's talking about
this dog has raw talent I mean you saw
it make that shot oh yeah that's great
because I have a basketball game coming
up in like 10 minutes and we lost our
best player so I think I need to borrow
this dog oh you can borrow this dog
it'll definitely win the game just like
an Air Bud oh that's great come on dog
swish
all right team I found our newest player
let me introduce you to Spanky Muniz
oh coach that's a cat actually it's a
dog and in my country dog can actually
be wife where are you from I know I know
it might seem a little crazy but in the
movie Air Bud the dog actually helped
him win the basketball game and this dog
is black like your jerseys so there
should be no confusion about whose team
it's on in case the other team has a dog
on their team now we don't really have
any time to practice with this dog but
trust me this dog is great I've seen it
in action okay let's play this game so
what do you guys want to do tonight I
don't know hey guys guys what are you
doing we have a basketball game tonight
what we do the game tonight we gotta
play oh yeah that's right we do have a
basketball game I totally forgot we're
on a basketball team man we play a lot
of sports in between videos but wait
where's Joseph what Jenny you don't
remember he got hit by a bus he broke
every bone in his body oh yeah I forgot
about that well we have to win tonight's
game for him let's go to the hospital in
time we're gonna win tonight for him
hi boys is this your little friend yeah
how's Joseph doing well as well as
someone can do once they've been hit by
a bus he can't talk cause his Jaws wired
shut and he can't move because he's in a
coma but he can hear you I think well
Joseph we're gonna win tonight's
basketball game for you yeah buddy
getting hit by a bus is crazy
hello and welcome to the NCAA basketball
tournament NCAA stands for no cats
allowed at all [ __ ] no I don't have
enough players Big Bird Big Bird he's a
dog today's matchup is the Pirates
versus the bib squeaks whichever team
reaches 10 points first wins dip off
we'll start shortly all right you bunch
of sissies listen up my coaching job's
on the line tonight now you see how many
fans we have none zero because we suck
that's okay Coach that would just be a
distraction I hate you oh okay but if
we're gonna win we will at least get one
fan okay so there's only one rule
tonight all of you need to pass the ball
to Spanky he is our Kevin Durant okay
he's gonna win this game for us
everybody got that okay cool all right
let's play
uh Cody we're playing the team that took
our dog well we're gonna win at least
one game this season wait dogs can play
yeah it's the Air Bud rule there's no
rule that says he can't play basketball
only cats well let's go play guys oh
what white is that a doll
a dog can't play basketball huh really I
guess that's true it's all like cats all
right let's play ball
foreign
[Music]
come on guys you let him score that fast
give the ball to Spanky I got you coach
here you go Spanky yeah I got the ball
God damn it big bird you bounced it over
Spanky's head give it to him my bad
coach I got you this time
I got your ball again
oh my God six to zero timeout timeout
team get over here okay team we are
getting our asses kicked out there we
got to come up with another plan we give
the ball to dog like you said yeah but
Spanky's not the problem he's a
professional no I think maybe Spanky's
more of a catch and shoot kind of dog so
what you guys need to do is drive the
ball down the court find Spanky open on
the arch and then pass it to Spanky okay
you got it coach all right let's go
let's go here you go play on
[Music]
oh you're not gonna make a shot you're
not gonna make a shot
I saved it
oh our ball again good hustle seven good
hustle
Spanky no I'm going for it
oh
let's go oh my God timeout timeout team
get your ass in here coach coach I made
it I got two points yeah you made it
you're about to make your way to the
bench but coach I made two points yeah
you get two points but guess who was
open for three oh spooky yes that's
right big bird Spanky but coach Spanky
messed up three times in a row already I
will not hear you talk bad about Spanky
okay Spanky knows what he's doing coach
Spanky was laying down yeah well that's
just Spanky style okay Spanky lays on
the ground until the other team forgets
about him and then boom he strikes like
a snake okay everybody just give the
ball to Spanky it's not that hard you
got it okay just coach okay get your ass
out there
here you go Cody
here you go vanilla
get out of my weight dog
boy way to go Spanky he distracted us so
that big bird could block her shot and
people say this dog can't play
basketball here you go Penelope
pass the ball value pass the ball
wow he stole it because you're a girl
you know how to shoot shut up Junior
I'm open I'm oh
ah here you go Spanky
I can't do
anymore
that big bird you know you're supposed
to set a screen so spank it can get open
all right secret team meeting secret
team meeting right now guys Spanky sucks
at basketball
I agree dog only good for wife yeah and
coaches Bonkers for thinking that a dog
is gonna win us the game but coaches
pass the ball to Spanky I know no big
bird so I got an idea what we're gonna
do is we're gonna take the shots and
we're gonna make it look like Spanky's
making them up how we do this just
follow my lead oh great it's eight to
two what the hell are they doing over
there hey hey hey hey hey what are you
guys doing over here chit chatting well
chit chatting is not winning okay the
other team is only one shot away from
winning and then I lose a job and you
guys are all out on your ass okay so get
your head in the game and pass the ball
test pancake all right coach we'll pass
the ball to Spanky let's go guys
right here
oh
man look at spanky go go Spanky go
[Music]
whoa you guys just see Spanky hit that
layup I told you Spanky could play
basketball all right guys just grab
Spanky make shot and Coach will think
that spinky's making it who wants Spanky
next all right here we go
all right Patrick passing the ball
basketball Junior okay
shoot it Spanky yeah
Spanky just hit a three go Spanky go
we can actually win now thanks for
Spanky yeah whatever who wants Spanky
it has Spanky Spanky what are you doing
Peggy Peggy get back here Spanky no guys
what are we gonna do Spanky just left
listen coach coach we never need a
Spanky in the first place I know he just
left but it was us making the shots the
whole time don't try to make me feel
better we can't do it without spanking
besides we don't even have enough
players you're right if you don't have
five players you're gonna have to
Forfeit coach what are we gonna do I
guess we're gonna have to Forfeit guys
[Music]
you got me coach poopy but your ankle's
broken I can still carry this goddamn
team
play on here you go Penelope
give me videos
yeah
we did it we won game over the Pirates
win well guys we actually just lost all
because of Penelope no wait Junior it's
not my fault guys we just lost to a dog
and somebody with a broken ankle it's
all because of Penelope's boss you get
we'll go on our team
you've always played one hell of a
basketball game out there and I get to
keep my job yeah
yeah but I'd really just like to thank
Spanky we couldn't have done it without
him actually we could have coached it
was all us oh technically number seven
we we're not together as Tim before dog
but don't bring us together and we
better ask them and we win okay I guess
that's right and I'd especially like to
thank you poopy you won this on a broken
ankle you're the Goddamn goat yeah yeah
let's go go go go go go go go let's go
out and celebrate
[Applause]
[Music]