so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude you know the NBA Finals is on
tonight yeah let's watch basketball oh I
just love watching sweaty guys run
around and put balls and holes you know
what's crazy whoever puts the most balls
and holes wins it's awesome penela you
want to watch basketball with us no
Junior I don't have time to watch TV I
have to read my book on how to be a
millionaire fast girls can't be
millionaires unless their name is Oprah
oo my black queen you know what Junior I
will be a millionaire by the time I
graduate college yeah right like you're
going to college yes H junior girls go
to college to get more knowledge and
boys go to Jupiter to get more stuper
wait a minute we get to go to Jupiter
what she just said boys go to Jupiter so
we can actually go I thought Jupiter was
a gas giant how would we land on there
we can't but she just said boys go to
Jupiter and she's reading a book so
obviously she's smart so what are you
what what are you talking about we can
go to Jupiter right now yeah Junior yeah
yeah totally go to Jupiter Junior cuz
that's possible good luck with that guys
you just heard penel say it's possible
for us to go to Jupiter I think she just
said boys go to Jupiter to get more
stupider because it rhymed no no no she
wasn't reading Dr Su she was reading a
smart book I think she know she's
talking about guys I did not know boys
can go to Jupiter is that what they do
in Boy Scouts no cuz I would have joined
Boy Scouts and got touched to go to
Jupiter oh yeah just to go to space St
yeah we get to go to Jupiter like no one
tells us like tells us stuff like this
like they always said that we have to go
to college but they never told us that
Jupiter is an option they always hide
the good stuff dude I know how the hell
are we supposed to go to Jupiter I don't
know but apparently we all get to go to
Jupiter cuz we're boys I think I think
Jupiter's better than College definitely
yeah I'm going to call NASA and ask them
how we get our ticket to Jupiter hey
there somebody call an astronaut we did
wait why are you wearing your helmet if
you're not in space Oh well I don't
really get to go to space very often so
I just wear this helmet so I can feel
cool why don't you get to go to space I
thought that's all astronauts got to do
no see we don't really have the same
funding that we used to so I only really
get to wear the space suit whenever I'm
doing kids birthday parties or somebody
paid to have lunch with an astronaut is
is that what we're doing here we having
lunch cuz please no chicken salad I'm
still full from all the chicken salad I
had earlier for another kid's lunch oh
and no grapes too cuz he kept me to eat
grapes with him and grapes hurt my
stomach so no grapes so we haven't lunch
or what no we want to go to Jupiter oh
that's cute yeah planets are fun no like
we want to go in a space shuttle and go
to Jupiter I mean hey you can go
anywhere in your imagination no like we
really actually want to go to Jupiter
cuz there's a saying that says boys go
to Jupiter to get more stupider oh yeah
I think I've heard that yeah so we want
to go to Jupiter well you can't look we
know you got to get touched to go to
outer space so uh what's up yeah I'll
pull my pants down right now I'll just
touch it I'll go to space What are you
talking about the Boy Scouts they get
touched they get to go to space no they
don't what well then how did the guy
from Subway go to space he didn't go to
space he went to prison well listen we
want to go to Jupiter cuz apparently a
bunch of boys have been to Jupiter to
get more stuper and if they got to go we
want to go too I assure you nobody has
been to Jupiter thank you okay well then
why can't we go to Jupiter why do they
say the stuper line well because it
Rhymes thank you okay listen I bet you
there's Boys on Jupiter right now you
just don't want to send us no look I
could put all your asses on a space
shuttle and just kind of shoot it at
Jupiter that's a thing I could do but
I'm not going to do that why won't you
do it cuz you can't you're not allowed
you're not like you're not a high enough
astronaut to do that no I can I can do
it fine if you're not cool enough you
can't do it no I can do I can send you
hey you know what [ __ ] it yeah I'll send
all of you to Jupiter sure let's go to
Jupiter everybody wants to go to Jupiter
come on let's go to Jupiter follow me
let's go guys
yes all right welcome to a room in the
Kennedy Space Center see you can tell
that's where we are because of the space
background you know I actually made that
myself I bought a black sheet from
Walmart and then I hung it up on a wall
and then I cut some stars out of yellow
construction paper and then I taped them
up there my manager said it was pretty
neat he said I'd give you a gold star
but it looks like you made some yourself
and that made me feel pretty good I had
my head held up high for the rest of the
day and don't tell anybody but he gave
me extra apple slices in the cafeteria
and cleus didn't get any cotus is the
janitor and he has to clean up my
construction paper mess so you really
don't go to space do no it's all pretty
much just arts and crafts and lunches
it's a lot like preschool oh can we
please go to Jupiter please yeah okay I
just need you guys to sign these waivers
and um don't read them like seriously
don't like please please do not read
them and while you guys are signing
those I'll go get your space suits ready
oh okay all right guys let's sign these
things okay I got some good news and
some bad news the good news is my
manager says I get 30 extra minutes of
recess after lunch but the bad news is I
only have two space suits so that means
one of you can't go a it's all good
homie I read the waiver anyway and I'm
not going what Joseph you're not going
to go to space hell no dude black people
aren't meant to be in space oh cuz we
wouldn't be able to see you nah that's
not it but I'll let you think that uh
read the waiver dude bye well I already
signed the waiver I don't care I want to
go to J
okay let's get you in these space suits
come on C get them wow you guys look
good in those space suits let me just
take these waivers from you so Jupiter
huh yeah I'm really excited how long's
it going to take for us to get to
Jupiter oh not long I mean it's just
going to be like a trip down to the
local grocery stores so like 6 years 6
years yeahhuh wait so we going to take 6
years to get to Jupiter yeah Jupiter's
like 363 million billion gajillion
guillion miles away and you're going to
be traveling at 17,000 bous W qu miles
per hour so yeah like 60 years what
Junior what are we going to do for 6
years well I could bring a bunch of
movies and snacks we could have like a
movie night for 6 years that does sound
pretty fun look I'll go grab some movies
and some snacks yeah make sure you get
everything you need before you get in
the space
shuttle oh man Cody I'm so excited oh
Junior 6 years it's still not too late
to back out we're not backing out Cody
we're going to go to Jupiter to get more
stupider I still don't know why we want
to get more stupider because everyone
else has been to Jupiter except for us
and we need to go but what are we going
to do for 6 years I brought a bunch of
movies and snacks Cody we're going to
have a blast okay all right kids the
space shuttle is fueled up and ready to
go for your six-year Journey so you
ready for takeoff yeah we're ready all
right you'll be taking off in three 2 1
[Music]
liftoff congratulations boys you've now
reached out a space Oh wow Cody look
we're in outer space yeah I guess this
begins our six-year journey to Jupiter
yeah it's going to be fun you want to
put on a movie yeah let me grab the
movie wait the movie yep here it is wait
what is this this the movie I brought
Max keble's Big Move yeah okay what else
did you bring that's it what that's it
our only movie is Max keble's Big Move
well I was looking for movies at a short
notice and the only movie I could find
was Max keble's Big Move Junior we left
Earth for 6 years and the only thing you
brought to entertain us was Max keble's
big [ __ ] move okay Cody listen calm
down it's a good it's a really good
movie so max keable right he's bullied
and stuff and his parents tell him he's
moving to like a whole another city so
he thinks he can get back at all his
bullies so he does a bunch of bad stuff
thinking he'll never see those people
again but guess what at the end his
parents tell him they're not moving and
he has to deal with the consequences
uhoh yeah great so now when I watch it
for the next 6 years it won't even be a
surprise look Cody Max ke's big mov is a
really good movie Junior Max keil's big
move for six [ __ ] years his move
isn't that big Junior it can't be look
pop in Max ke's big move you're going to
see how good it is oh it better be
perfect is everything okay up there I
hear yelling yeah everything's okay in
here oh yeah we're just peachy because
we decided to leave Earth for 6 years
and the only movie Junior thought to
bring was Max [ __ ] keil's big [ __ ]
move it's a good movie I promise also I
really have to pee where's the bathroom
on the space shuttle oh I forgot to tell
you kids to pee before you left cuz
there are no bathrooms in there maybe
find a bottle or something oh there are
no bathrooms I'll just hold it Cody it's
going to be fine yeah yeah yeah I think
you can just hold it Junior I think you
can just hold it for six [ __ ] years
yeah yeah go ahead try to hold it junior
junior do you know what our reality is
going to be for the next 6 years we are
going to be watching Max ke's Big Move
while we piss and [ __ ] our pants that's
hell that's what hell looks like we are
in hell right now I would rather be a
North Korean Work Camp than this because
at least they have bathrooms I I think
but they don't have Max keble's big mve
yeah yeah I guess you're right I guess
we are winning on that front are we
Junior look just watch Max ke's big move
the movie will cheer you up I promise
buddy oh
good so Cody what' you think of Max
keble's big move it wasn't [ __ ] big
enough I'll tell you that it wasn't six
years big it wasn't that big of a move
Junior it's a good movie Cody it was
okay but if you told me I could only
watch one movie for the next 6 years of
my life it wouldn't be Max keble's Big
Move that wouldn't even be in the top
10,000 list of movies it's in my top 25
no no it shouldn't be you need to watch
more movies which we could have been
doing for the next six goddamn years
okay look I think you're just hungry and
you need to eat what did you bring to
eat I brought a pepperoni pizza a pizza
yeah one pizza yeah Junior you needed to
bring us food for the next 6 years this
isn't going to last US 1 year or 1 month
month or even one week let's I was in a
rush I didn't have time oh yeah you were
in a rush you were clearly in a rush you
grabbed one pizza and one copy of me
Cable's big [ __ ] move should I have
grabbed two copies of it no you should
have done literally anything else okay
look look look look look there has to be
more food in here look at this Cody look
under the cupboard thing it says right
here 12 years worth of raisins look they
even overpacked raisin in case we get
super hungry 12 years what's wrong
Junior I just realized something and now
I'm even more upset what it's going to
take us 6 years to get to Jupiter and
it's going to take us another 6 years to
come home that's 12 years of Max [ __ ]
gbl's big [ __ ] move Junior I can't do
it I can't take 12 years of Max Gable my
my Max keable my Max Max keable was 6
years I can't do 12 years Junior I'm
going to die up here L just eat some RA
in the Cal down I don't want to any
goddamn raising Studio I don't want to
be here I want to I want to leave and I
can't even hang help because there's no
gravity oh and then we didn't bring a
gun either no okay look look let's just
turn on the behind the scenes to Max
keyo are you sure Junior are you sure
you want to do that now maybe we should
do it next year or the year after or the
year after that or the year after
that well the movie just ended I think
that's our 1,000th time watching Max
kable's Big Move keable Max keable you
okay Cody me keable oh you want me to
restart it yeah yeah keable it up you
know Junior I tried to claw my eyes out
a year ago but that that didn't work I
know I can I can tell that buddy you
want to role play Max keable again oh
we've already role played Max keable
five times today but what else do we
have to do okay fine I'll be Max keable
you be my parents all right Mom Dad I'm
getting bullied at school well your dad
got a new job and another city so we're
going to move oh cool I guess that means
I can do whatever the [ __ ] I want with
no consequences because nobody's going
to know where I am after I move hey Max
we're not moving anymore oh [ __ ] I
ruined my whole life I'm Max keable yeah
hey you want to the box of raisins sure
why not that's all I know I don't even
remember the taste of the pizza we had
in the first few days you remember the
Pizza Time Junior the beautiful Pizza
Time in the first two days I remember
buddy I missed
that keable keble Max keable keable Max
Max keable Max keable keable keable Max
big big move keable Max keable big big
keable move keable Max keable big big
move keable big mov Max Max meble Max
meble mov meble me Big Max evil miggle
Biggle
wiggle oh my God there's a ship coming
towards Jupiter we'll have to lose our
tractor boom to intercept it to bring
him on board and find out who the
are Big keable Max move Big Max keable
move move move Max keable Big keable
Move uh Keo Max Big Max Keo big moo Max
bigo where the guys doing the Jupiter
weard Jupiter to make sure no one gets
too close cuz the D makes you stupider
well keo's Big Move Keo Max move Max is
keo's move they're speaking some kind of
weird language uh Max keble's Big Move
Big keable Move listen if you guys don't
have anything to show us that to prove
they're not space pirates I'm going to
have to vaporize both of you ke's big
move Max ke Big Move Max ke's Big Move
what is that Max ke's Big Move let me
see this Max keo's Big Move big laugh
out loud funnel Max ke I want to laugh
you know what since you guys gave me
something cool I'm going to go ahead and
teleport you back to the home planet Big
Move no Max me no
Max Big
Max
Max big big Max Max Max Max Max Max Max
Keo Big Move Keo keable keable I I I
mean we're home oh my God Cody we're
finally home after 6 years look the red
couch Junior you know what this means I
can finally take a shower and wash all
the [ __ ] that's been caked on my ass for
the last 6 years and we can eat
something other than raisins and I can
finally watch something other than Max
keble's big move but now that I'm home I
think I really just want to watch Max
keble's big move and eat raisins and
[ __ ] my pants okay Cody we can do it one
last time but then we have to stop okay
okay put on Max ke's Big Move
uh Cody what the aliens have the only
copy of Max keo's big moo no no Junior I
need my Max keable I don't know how to
live without Max keble's Big Move no
keable
[Music]
Jeffy okay it's okay it's okay we can be
a canine unit just get in the car what
happened to your legs what do you mean
I've never had legs oh okay I just was
going I was going to ask that Jeffy get
in theing car I was sniffing your butt
for drugs daddy geez