all right craft today we're going to be
doing a historic disaster project so
each of you are going to pick a disaster
from history and create a replica and
present it to the crft can it be any
historical disaster literally any
disaster I don't give [ __ ] the worst the
better yes I'm doing 911 Junior don't
say that well Cody I'm only one of two
people to ever say that sentence
actually there was 19 hijackers CU I'm
in L I'm one of 21 people to ever say
that I know what I'm doing and let's
just say it shook the world I know what
I'm going to do it was one of the worst
disasters ever I wonder if anybody's
wondering what I'm going to do what are
you going to do Cody oh I don't know
there's just sobody to choose from do I
do the Titanic or maybe Chernobyl the
California wildfires I don't know oh
guys I'm going to go home right now and
get started on my
project Junior are you really going to
do 911 um well for the FBI listening no
but for my school project yes let me
practice my throw actually you know what
maybe actually be very concerned I might
actually do it what a [ __ ] is that oh
Joseph what's your project going to be
oh that was a hint you'll see I can't
imagine so Cody what's your project
going to be oh I don't know you know I
just really want to go out with a boom
you know I really want to go out with a
bang I really want to go out with an
eruption I'm trying to hint what it's
going to be oh can you say those again I
wasn't listening thinking they were you
can find out tomorrow but a boom and a
bang and A POW I'm going practice my
throwing all right PR I hope you all did
your historic disaster project I'm going
to call you up one by one to present
your disaster to the crass now who wants
to go first o can I go first I promise
you'll never forget it okay Junior you
come up here first all right class my
project is on 911 September 11th 2001
8:46 a.m. American Airlines flight 11
hits the North
Tower um teacher can you handar me that
I missed I was supposed to hit this
Tower it's hard to
aim go D how' they get on the first try
twice in a row God there a pro
Boom the first Tower gets hit ah Junior
stop 9:03 a.m. United Airlines flight
175 crashes into the South
Tower oh my God how good were those
[ __ ] Pilots they hire [ __ ] Pros
was suly solenberger whatever the [ __ ]
his name was doing
it that's why jet fuel doesn't melt
steel beams they had goddamn detonators
in that okay that's
it give me the plane
and then somewhere in
Pennsylvania D end very good Junior go
sit down H beat that guys I mean 911 is
a pretty tough Act of terrorism to
follow uh teacher I want to go next I'm
about to make history in this [ __ ] all
right Joseph what's your historic
disaster I don't want to give it away
look all I got to do is say one sentence
I have a
dream did y'all get it it's Martin
Luther King he got his ass assassinated
all right very good Joseph go sit down
all right who wants to go next yall like
that [ __ ] huh Joseph that wasn't fair
that was a really cheap project all you
had to do is be black nuh that wasn't a
cheat code I had to research what he
said and memorize the line that [ __ ] was
really hard that's not even the speech
he got shot during well Mr shimy pan
since you know everything why didn't you
dress it like him I don't think that
would have been a good idea yeah
blackface wouldn't have worked in class
wait why uh teacher I'll go next hey
everybody my historic disaster is the
eruption of Mount vus which destroyed
the city city of Pompei see right there
you have all the hunky Romans in Pompei
just sunbathing minding their own
business and then all of a sudden
tragedy
strikes who there she
blows so as you can see the molten lava
smothered all the hunky Romans and
covered them in hot ash they had hot ash
on their hot asses it was really hot but
but 2,000 people did die though only
2,000 people you're telling me that big
ass volcano surrounding that entire
Island couldn't outdo
911 yeah those are rookie numbers
compared to 911 and what kind of dumb
stupid disaster is that all those people
saw that volcano erupting and they
didn't hop on a plane and fly away they
wanted to die why didn't they get on a
plane Junior this happened in 79 the
year 79 like you know how we live in
2025 well this volcano erupted in 79
planes weren't even invented until 1903
if these people saw a plane they would
scratch their [ __ ] eyes out because
they wouldn't know what they were
looking at they would lose their minds
they they would think it was like some
kind of metal dragon or some [ __ ] they
would think it was magic they still
believed in magic in 79 thank you Cody
you're welcome who wants to go next WoW
Junior thanks for interrupting my
project I thought the volcano eruption I
did was pretty [ __ ] sick I just think
that pompe is pretty dumb for an actual
like disaster like they knew they were
living next to a volcano they could have
just got up and moved well no they
didn't know because they didn't know
volcanoes existed they actually didn't
even have a word in their language for
volcano they just thought they lived
next to a mountain till it exploded and
started squirting lava all over the
place what they just pull out their
phone and check Google Maps to see if
they live by a volcano it was 79 ad
Junior they didn't have Google yet they
didn't even have phones what that was
before phones way before phones most of
human history is before phones oh my God
I should done my project on that that
sounds like a disaster teacher I'll go
next all right class so I did my project
on the worst disaster in the history of
the world the Potato Famine okay so
imagine you have a bunch of this like
you have this and then then you have
none of that and that's all you eat and
so millions of you die okay let me let
me let me get into detail okay the Great
Famine also known as the great hunger
the famine and the Irish Potato Famine
was a period of
mastarbation did you just say
masturbation no Junior
mastarbation so they weren't jacking off
the potatoes no and disease in Ireland
lasting from 1845 to 1852 that
constituted a historical social crisis
God this is so [ __ ] boring she could
put anybody S I think it's pretty
interesting guys if you guys pay
attention you might actually in the
Jesus [ __ ] Christ no one gives a
flying [ __ ] look the Potato Famine bunch
of people didn't have any potatoes so
they all starved to death go sit down a
anybody else have a project that's not
boring as [ __ ] can come up next okay
I'll go next let's get this over with
Okay so this is my historic
disaster it's co oh very clever but you
know my ancestors actually invented the
co virus very good go sit down all right
who wants to go next I guess I'm going
go next hey everybody my historical
disaster is the hinden Bo that was a big
blimp full of people and then it caught
on fire and it exploded so this is what
happened well it wasn't a guy with a
Lial cuz he would have to be a really
big guy with a big like a really tiny
blimp and that will be quzy but this is
basically how it went wow we're all
having fun in the sky and all big blimp
the hinding
boy oh no oh the humanity almost
everybody died the end isn't that crazy
very good go sit down all right who
wants to go next what do you think
ladies are they ready for the PJ yeah PJ
go up there and whip it out yeah PJ go
show them your project come on hey
everybody are you ready to hear about
the coolest disaster in history the
Challenger disaster now I'm cool but
nothing's as cool as the weather was
that day the engineers almost got the
launch canceled because they were
worried that the record low temperatures
would cause the O-rings to fail but the
project manager didn't want to wait
until April to launch when the weather
got warmer so they decided to launch
anyway but then the cold temperatures
caused the O-rings to compress and leak
hot gas which ignited the fuel
compartment causing the whole shuttle to
explode 73 seconds after launch at an
altitude of 46,000 ft and killing
everyone on board including the first
female teacher in space which was
supposed to be big bird but his costume
was too big and there were logistical
challenges so he didn't come all right
ladies show them what
happened
K hou said we have a problem not exactly
what we practiced but not bad all right
PJ very good now go sit out all right
who wants to go next wait am I the only
one left you saved the best for last
all right my historic disaster is when
the meteor hit the earth and made the
dinosaurs go extinct allow me to
demonstrate but give me a
second oh God damn it Jeffy you put a
goddamn hole in my wall but very
accurate representation of what happen
so go sit down all right crft that does
it for the historic disaster project so
since everyone completed their project
you all all get a AEG wait wait wait but
which one of our disasters was the worst
H that's a good question the meteor
killed all the dinosaurs but the
dinosaurs on people and Pompei killed
2,000 n Revan killed 2900 so I guess
technically Penelope's boring ass potato
fil and killed the most because there
was a million people who died really
well actually scientifically
theoretically uh B wins because Co
killed 7 million people [ __ ] yeah I
didn't even try I'm good at this school
stuff okay but which one was the coolest
disaster Junior none of them are cool
they're all disasters you know what was
a disaster you being born that was me oh
I'm that actually was pretty [ __ ] up I
I'm sorry um well actually I think the
coolest disaster technically was PJ's
because the O-rings got cold and it
exploded I mean that was the coldest
yeah you know what else is the coldest
these nuts in your mom's mouth Junior
that doesn't even make sense well you
you have cold nuts well maybe maybe it's
cold out maybe I maybe I sat on some ice
cubes why wait I don't shut up up
[Music]