hey marvin your phone's ringing i know i
can hear it it's right next to me okay
fine hello oh hello this is jackie chu
jeffy's teacher i was trying to tell you
that jeffy gonna be getting her report
card today just in case he doesn't show
you all right thank you for wanting me
who was that marvin it was jeffy's
teacher let me know he's getting his
report card today
daddy help me i was playing on my shirt
and it started eating me it was not
eating you dropping
it was just stuck all right thanks danny
from saving me from the big bad shirt
monster well look jeffy your teacher
just called me and let me know you're
getting your report card today so don't
try to throw it away or anything you
have to show me okay danny well there's
not going to be any bad grades on it
because i'm your smartest boy ill well
look if there's a single f on that
report card your life's over you're
grounded for a year okay daddy but
there's not going to be any fsh on it oh
look get to school get your butt to
school oh just my butt can you help me
take it off get your whole body just get
go to school all right
all right crass today before we get
started i'm going to hand out your
report cards here you go penelope here's
your report card all a's yes junior
here's your poor con only one f that's a
new record and joseph here's your report
card oh dude i finally did it all else
you know how hard it is to do that wow
joseph that's very impressive thank you
and cody here's your book called always
i knew it you know sometimes i get tired
of being so smart maybe you should get
all else like me
i'm good all right bori here's your
report card yeah whatever i'm just gonna
be a trashman like my dad anyway and
jeffy here's your pork cart
oh no all apps my daddy's gonna kill me
guys guys i got all apps on my report
call high five no because my daddy told
me he was gonna kill me if i got a
single f well i don't have parents so
well jeffy why don't you just take
cody's report card home and say it's
yours no that's not gonna work because
my report card has my name on it and
besides i save all my report cards
because i want to get into a good
college someday oh and my mom gives me
servers on my belly for every a i get
what's a zerbert it's where she blows on
my tummy and i'm super ticklish god i
hate you cody but guys for real my daddy
said he's gonna kill me if i get an f on
my report goal that's it jeffy why don't
we fake your death why don't we call
your dad and say you died at school
today and he'll never see you ever again
but no junior that's a terrible idea
doesn't that seem kind of extreme just
to avoid getting punished well my daddy
said he's gonna kill me anyway so we
might as well do it i've got my phone
all right guys it's ringing aren't they
just gonna look at the caller id and see
who it is i blocked my number cody shut
up
baby can you answer the phone sure
marvin hello hey i mean hey this is
officer tells bad news johnson i'm
calling to inform you that your son
jeffy died today at school what i know
you seem very upset if you have any
questions feel free to ask what happened
well um jeffy and another student were
playing tag during recess and jeffy fell
into a pile of ants and then a plane
crashed only killing your son the ants
are fine though their fire ants they
were normal ants until the fire from the
plane explosion turned them into fire
ants but uh he's dead oh my
god no it won't be on the news because
the owner of the news sir isaac newstone
was the one flying the plane and he
didn't have his pilot's license so he
crashed his plane and that will make the
news have a bad name so we just don't
want anyone to know about it oh my god
yeah so he's dead so you'll never see
him again i'm so sorry bye
all right guys they totally believed it
sir isaac newstone who do you think have
been in the news cody i don't know
sounds believable to me thanks joseph so
my parents really think i'm dead yep
they think you're dead so you don't have
to go home and show them your report
card sweet but wait where is jeffy going
to live because he can't go home oh
you're right jeffy doesn't have a place
to live hey cody can you stay with you
for a while but me i don't want him
living with me but it's your fault that
we do that whole phone call thing how is
this my fault i told you it was a bad
idea because you wouldn't let us borrow
your report card well i would have
rather you take in my report card than
have him live with me well look it's
your fault and now you have to live with
you but why can't you live with joseph
dude i live in a cardboard box
okay fine he can stay with me for one
night come on jeffy
baby what's wrong what's wrong what's
wrong
with what
say it without crying jiffy died what
but why are you so calm you told me to
calm down but how did jeffy die what did
they say
a plane crash
a plane crash really that sounds like a
prank call let's call the real cops and
see if it's true
hey there somebody call the cops oh yes
officer we got a call from another
officer saying our son died today oh
well who was the officer that called you
officer tells bad news johnson really
officer tells bad news johnson no that's
just ridiculous officer tells bad news
johnson retired 20 years ago this is
probably a prank call a prank call baby
what else did the call say well there
was a plane crash and the guy flying it
was sir isaac newstone sir isaac
newstone now that name's just silly yeah
this is definitely a prank call well why
would somebody want to fake our son's
death well did your son have something
big coming up that maybe he was trying
to get out of well he was getting his
report card today yeah i bet that's it i
bet he got a bad grade and he faked his
death to get out of it why would jeffy
do this because he didn't want to get
grounded thank you for helping us
officer okay
yeah i just um
i guess i'll take off
just uh just leave
honestly i really don't want to go well
you don't have to leave oh okay cool
thanks what about our son he'll probably
come home baby he has nowhere else to go
yeah yeah so um what do you guys want to
do i i mean there's nothing to do find
our son hey you want to play slap hands
what's that well try to slap my hand
ha ha i got you loser well you tried to
slap my hand okay
easy loser
let me try again okay
nope nope marvin nope nope marvin nope
what
i gotta slap his hand nope nope nope
nope nope
okay that's
uncle uncle get off me
okay jeffy you can only stay here one
night and then you have to go okay now
look my parents are a little weird so
just ignore them oh
hey mom hey dad now would you look what
the cat drugged in hey dad who cody
who's your sexy friend meow hey woman
keep your eyes on me i'm the only one
that can cheat in this house yes daddy
guys this is my friend jeffy his parents
kicked him out and he needs a place to
stay so can he spend the night if his
parents don't wanna what make you think
we do no tyrone that's not how we treat
our guest so what's wrong with you you
some kind of junkie or something you're
gonna hurt our little cody yeah what you
got what you holding huh huh no no god
guys he's not a junkie he just needs a
place to stay so can he spend the night
i guess so cody but i don't want to hear
any of that loud rap music after
midnight yeah this is a jazz household
we don't like that rap music oh and cody
dinner's going to be ready in a few
minutes we're having pierogies and party
pizza ooh perogas oh we feasting tonight
baby so you and your friend go wash your
hands and feed okay
okay jeffy welcome to my room what ken
cover yourself up you dirty dirty boy we
have company sorry about that jeffy ken
just doesn't know how to act around
company i think he needs a spanking
hear that ken i'm gonna spank your
little plastic tush boy you look weird
old dinner's ready god come on jeffy boy
will you hurry up i'm hungry i'm here
dad wait where's jeffy's food oh cody
your friend's not eating at the table
with us yeah his plate over there in the
corner on the floor why well we don't
know where he's been he might have
rabies yeah he like a stray dog i go to
school with him he doesn't have rabies
cody don't argue with me i'll smack you
ugh okay i'm sorry jeffy you have to eat
on the floor oh okay
oh
hey
don't touch that food we haven't said
chris yet all right everybody bow your
heads dear god thank you for this
delicious food and thank you for not
letting any of my scientists get
pregnant well thank god for that
thank you for good health in a short
refractory period amen amen that's just
a beautiful prayer honey that's how
prayers should be straight from the
heart
i meant that okay cody eat your food mom
what is this it's a pierogi eat it
you're gonna grow up big and strong yeah
big boy's gonna eat their perogues
oh i hate eating off the floor
so boy how was school today yeah cody
did you learn a lot of new stuff well we
got our report cards
oh my god tyrone he got all a's great
google and moogly you know what that
means server time um i'm done hey hey
hey shut the hell up it's serving time
boy it's summer time let's go to the
bedroom
okay cody let me see that belly but my
boobs
nah baby give me some servers i need
something
one more one more
oh oh give me some more baby give me
something
[Music]
okay come on come on do another one
the [ __ ] is going on come on baby yeah i
need something
so ticklish oh i want to go back home
all right marvin your turn hmm oh you're
so done
i didn't mean to do that oh you did not
just do that you just lost check it out
connect four i win i did i mean to put
it right there you suck i wish my wife
sucked as much as you she's really good
at connect four she beats me every time
we're playing again can we please go
find jeffy baby look jeffy faked his
death he has nowhere else to go
eventually he has to come home oh hey
you know to be funny whenever your son
comes home you should pretend you can't
see him like he's a ghost you know
because he's dead that'd be so funny
that's so mean that's what we're gonna
do baby whenever jeffy gets here we're
gonna not talk to him we're gonna act
like he doesn't exist
that must be jeffy let's answer the door
and act like we can't see him okay
uh hello hey daddy i'm sorry i faked my
own death baby there's none at the door
do you see anybody i sure don't marvin
daddy i'm right here
must have been a prank some kid rang the
doorbell and ran away i guess so why
can't you see me i'm right here i wish
jeffy didn't die me either marvin i
didn't die i'm right here let's go
upstairs baby okay daddy daddy daddy
daddy daddy got it who's at the door is
that your son yeah play along okay daddy
i'm right here i miss jeffy i miss him
too baby i'm right here hey i know
you're going through a lot with your son
dying and all but i'm ready for the
funeral we're ready for the funeral too
funeral we don't need a funeral because
i'm alive i'm right here okay here's his
tombstone oh the tombstone
here's his body oh not his body oh no
that's not my body i'm alive i'm right
here daddy i'm right here i feel his
soul trying to contact me
okay you ready to start the ceremony yes
all right we're gathered here today to
be sad about the death of jeffy who is
taken away from us too soon we don't
usually question god's plan but today we
ask why god why did you take this young
man away from us in such a tragic and
comedic way why i curse you
god amen would anyone else like to say a
few words for jeffy i would jeffy if you
could hear me right now we love you we
wish we could hear your voice one more
time i'm right here here's my voice
let's just have a moment of silence for
jeffy
i pooted
you folks have a nice day i'm right here
i'm right here in front of you wait a
minute i i think i hear jeffy from the
great beyond what you do i think so
jeffy are you there yes i'm right here
right in front of your face oh i i can
hear you jeffy but i'm the only one is
there anything you'd like for me to tell
your parents yes tell my mommy and daddy
that i'm sorry i faked my own death okay
he says that he's not sorry and he would
do it all again what
no i'm right here
look we can see you okay
jeffy
daddy you can see me oh jeffy you're
back oh i'm just doing daddy i'm so
sorry i'm so sorry i faked my own death
i just didn't want you to see my report
card what why wouldn't you want us to
see your report card jeffy why don't you
go get it
okay
all right daddy here's my report card oh
f jeffy well i tried my hardest no you
did it you did not try at all these are
all apps we're gonna need another
funeral after i'm done with him well
funerals aren't cheap
good to see you can beat someone at
something you know because he sucks at
connect four and slap hands you wanna
play slap my hand okay
ha you suck
[Music]