Oh Charlie and Friends is filmed in
front of a live audience
oh hi guys I'm Charlie get this you
can't keep your bread in there oh wait
Lee speaking of bread I kinda want some
pizza
hey baby so I heard you won in my big
dog I only got one left but it has your
name on it so just let me know when
you're ready for some cream filling okay
and I want you to order me a pizza why
don't you order yourself Bowser because
I'm shy I don't like to talk on the
phone I'm an introvert look I sit in my
room all day and watch TV
what part of that do you not understand
so here's some hundred dollars okay I
want you to order my pizza and bring me
my sad change back and if you don't I'm
gonna turn the stove on put your face on
it and turn chef peepee it's uh a chef
gritty face yeah so uh order my pizza
and bring my tape back and I'm gonna
take your feet off
oh I guess order the besa jr. do not ask
how much fun either only give him the
attention he wants ask him I don't smoke
I don't care hey Joseph huh what's funny
on your phone oh my oh nothing
she's not even that funny uh so what you
wanna do dude uh I won by animal
crossing but it cost like $60 I don't
have $60 whoa why don't you just get
money for chef peepee
huh you're right sugar you have a lot of
money let me go ask him okay
hello yes I would like to order a pizza
hey chef baby do you shut up I'm trying
to order this pizza for your dad yes I
would like to order a pepperoni pizza
pickles mustard on it $60 chef peepee -
yeah I don't have $60 okay - pay for a
pizza what about this hundred right here
that goes to the pizza jr. well how much
of the pizza cost there's a piece of
cost $20 okay wasn't what can I use like
60 of this because your dad wants all of
his change so I can't give you any money
okay well why don't you say the pizza
cost like $80 sorry chef peepee excuse
me I'm so sorry like I have to walk away
for this annoying brat what's funny
Joseph oh nothing you ain't get it chef
baby gave me her dollars
how did you get him to give you so much
money uh well uh I told him that he
forgot my birthday last year anything
give me anything
so he got me oh you should tell them
it's my birthday
Joseph you know he doesn't care about
your birthday oh you're right nobody
cares about me so now you're gonna buy
my $60 game well dude how much money
would you have left after you pay for
that game well my game is $60 okay
Shep you order pizza and that's $20 mmm
so I'm gonna have $20 left over dude can
I borrow $5 so I can get some candy from
the gas station
well it's my dad's money but I'll see
why not a good friend will get me some
candy - okay okay what kind of candy do
you want just surprise me
oh I get surprised you do but don't
spend all the money only spend $5 I
won't spend it all dude you could trust
me yeah I only spent $5 I know I got
Snickers KitKat's are you lucky they
didn't have that 200 years ago select
cost $5 huh
that buy can cost $5 no because $20 $20
yeah $5 dude I tried not to spin all
your money but when I saw that candy
outweighed bonkers it was Snickers
KitKat's recent well I mean I can still
buy my game and Chevy we can still buy
his pizza Joseph what's that another bad
candy okay at least Chevy get still buys
peas I'll just miss out on my game huh
he's not gonna be able to buy that piece
well why I bought a scratch-off ticket
and lost I have a problem $80 on candy
and 20 on a scratch-off ticket you're
not gonna buy your game don't we can
just play operation with your mouth
after you eat on this candy
okay well the house shouldn't be gonna
buy the pizza oh he's not gonna buy that
Beeson well what we gonna eat nothing
with nothing yeah dude look he doesn't
need pizza we have candy he can just
much on that
Joseph okay I like you chef peepee
didn't give me the money it was my dad's
money and I stole it I was just gonna
give him a change back but what's my dad
gonna do we better get change nothing
dude just give him candy he won't get
mad
look who gets mad nobody gets mad at the
guy in the van who has candy and offers
a lollypop you just do what he said for
the lollipop I guess you're right Joseph
yeah I know I'm right maybe chef people
won't even notice I stole the hundred
dollars you'll probably need a credit
card or something exactly don't worry
about it dude
oh man what is the piece of gonna be
here huh that must be the pizza right
now oh I hope it's a hot piece a lady so
I can give him my ding dong hey hey baby
oh I'm so sorry I thought you are a
woman oh yeah I get that a lot but do
you got my $20 for this piece of oh yes
sir I gotta uh excuse me let me get you
out of the kitchen
all right where is that money wait wait
I know I put that money right here what
wait for money come on where's that
money waiting on me I don't want Bowser
to put my face on this freaking money
coming
Jr what did you do with the hundred
thousand that was sitting on the kitchen
counter
$100 book plug with me two year you know
what hundred dollars you saw the hundred
dollars that was on the calendar
sure yeah I don't know you're talking
about oh so you don't know what I'm
talking about no then how did you buy
all this candy huh get away huh I wanted
to buy a game that was $60 and then you
show it had 40 left over when you
could've bought the pizza and gave dad
change but Joseph took my hundred or
they bought her dog for the candy Oh
Junior your dad's going to kill me Willy
and that's a piece of man downstairs
look you're going to go and explain to a
piece of man how we can't pay for this
visa don't make me do that
oh no you're going to go and do it okay
share PB God what am I to do Hey look
I've been waiting here for like Elmo for
you to come and pay for this piece so is
you gonna pay for this pizza or is imma
run it over with my car well how much is
the pizza $20 well see that's what
you're mistaken sir because this peach
is supposed to be free free yeah look on
the box it says free pizza it's supposed
to be free hmm well if my eyes do not
deceive me it does look like it's a free
on them yeah it's free because we won
the piece of the pie Awards Willie
you wanted a walk yeah yeah and because
we had enough points see the box says it
so this is supposed to be a free pizza
we're not supposed to pay for it thank
you so much congratulations Free Willy
you didn't do any special favors for
this piece of did you know what the box
says free pizza Willie that doesn't mean
it's free jr. well the guy that know
that so he gave it to me okay that
solves a piece of problem but what about
the change problem how are we gonna get
the change for your dad we'll watch this
time that we tipped the pizza guy $80
while we tip the piece
eighty dollars do you let's go baby he's
almost why would there be a homeless guy
delivering pizza well maybe he's hungry
I don't know
look you're going to go and explain to
your dad what happened to that money
okay okay chef Peavy don't want to burn
my all right dad here's your pizza
where's my change
there is no change you know there was
$80 in change but I gave it to the pizza
delivery guy as a tip well because he
had no arms or legs or eyes or or a body
image the head we really did miss that
yeah he was a ghost
wait ghost yeah so I kept him $80 so he
went spook us oh okay okay
what you doing nice thinking junior you
know you known the ghost this side yeah
this is a spook yeah I'm scared yeah you
wanna be a friend with a ghost he said
he'll be our best friend now really our
best friend yeah he wants to be our best
friend well he said he had to go to the
cemetery
for like a week yeah to go want he's a
ghost Junior look he could pop up
anywhere welcome to come here well I'm
gonna think you're lying okay
okay so we better go and get their ghost
right now okay I'll go get them mmm-hmm
have a ghost friend oh man my dad would
see a ghost how could I be a ghost oh
how can I be a ghost how could I be a
ghost man oh man I can't wait to see
that goes
[Applause]
hey hey mister goes home sorry he scared
me
thank you so much for the $80 oh you
welcome it's nice to help out a friend
in need well I have to go now we gotta
leave all right
yes I have to do ghosts things that
sucks well
[Music]