hey junior hey cody what's up nathan hey
guys guess what i found in the dumpster
ooh a dead dog no guess again a dead cat
no guess again uh a raccoon that's dead
nope you're getting closer though uh is
the thing you found dead yeah uh a
hippopotamus that's dead and it's it's
dead oh dude that is the closest guess
but no
it's a dartboard what how were any of
those guesses close dude it's not a lie
but it's an object you're mobbed an
object
so why was there a dartboard in the
dumpster do you know anybody that plays
darts dude um no exactly well some
people play darts shut up cody no one
plays darts yeah loser okay all right so
you want to play yeah let's go let's
let's hang it up in there dude it's all
set up so how do we play you gotta throw
a dart and try to hit a bullseye that
doesn't seem too hard all right i'ma go
first watch me get this bullseye guys
dang it wow joseph you suck i'd like to
see you try four eyes well i could do
better than that okay that's a bet if
you actually hit the bull's eye i'll
give you my hat okay deal but if you
don't you have to give me ken oh um i
don't know about that are you scared
cody yeah you're scared huh no no i i
can do it
i actually did it screw you joseph no
way dude i gotta see this no way no way
no way uh yeah joseph it's in the red
dang it he cheated somehow give me that
hat joseph yeah deal's a deal oh man
oh man guys i never thought i'd look so
good in a hat go die cody you look like
your name's caleb huh caleb hey guys i'm
caleb yeah i like that everybody call me
caleb from now on go die caleb caleb how
did you possibly get a bullseye on the
first try well to be honest i actually
hustled you guys i knew it how'd you
hustle us well i've actually been taking
lessons from gary anderson maybe you've
heard of him who's gary anderson you
guys have never heard of gary the world
champ anderson he's only the world
champion at dart throwing he's a world
champion yeah they don't just hand out
that giant trophy to losers junior you
know him know him he's basically my
father he and my mom are friends from
high school whenever he comes over he
tutors me on how to throw darts that's
lame yeah well most people might think
that but that's gonna be me one day i'm
gonna be holding up that giant trophy
and all the middle-aged women are gonna
want me they're not gonna be able to
keep their menopause off me i mean i'm
gay so it doesn't really matter but it's
more of a status thing no women are
gonna want you from playing darts oh
yeah tell that to gary the poon gobbler
anderson look at that face he's probably
in bed with your mom right now hell mine
most likely i mean how do you think i
got those dart lessons ew cody well if
you're good at something you don't do it
for free there's no way you know gary
anderson i know it's kind of hard to
believe that i'd be friends with an
a-list celebrity like gary anderson but
i'll go call him he always answers my
calls all right guys it's ringing now
whenever gary answers try not to scream
he gets enough of that whenever he wins
and he always wins
bullseye hey you've reached the
voicemail box of gary anderson sorry i
couldn't answer the phone i'm too busy
slinging it leave your message after the
bullseye uh hey gary it's me cody
cannot accept any messages his voicemail
box is full but that's because he's gary
anderson and everyone wants to talk to
him i didn't know you were so lame caleb
yeah well whenever you become friends
with a sports superstar you come talk to
me i don't think throwing darts is a
sport well
maybe
dude i miss my hat my head is so cold
caleb is there any way that joseph can
get his hat back well maybe if he beats
me a dart but that'll never happen not
unless he gets lessons from gary
anderson and judging by how he didn't
answer my call there's no way you're
getting lessons
maybe you could get in touch with john
lowe
who even is that oh well joseph can't
you just buy another hat that looks just
like it no dude it was one of a kind
they don't make it anymore well maybe
you can find a new hat oh i guess i got
a rummage in the dumpster and see what i
could find yeah and while you're in
there why don't you find some dart
throwing skills
it's not my best job hola chicos in
country
what hey guys i found this hat oh wow i
really like that hat do you like it
caleb uh it's okay i guess but i like
this hat better do you like it joseph
yeah i can get used to this hat dude
it's pretty spiffy hey can i use your
bathroom oh nice green hat by the way
sorry for busting in here i know i
normally need a warrant but a judge
isn't gonna give me a warrant just to
piss oh hola amigo where you from huh
but where are you from i'm from here
really because your hat's making me
think you're from mexico i'm american
dude oh okay okay i just you know do you
have like any id like a car to like like
a green car are you trying to profile me
sir no no god no nothing like that it's
just your hats kind of making me wonder
i think you need to leave sir yeah yeah
you're right i just
uh i just kind of wanna now okay yeah
yeah yeah uh i think it would be safe
joseph if you found a different hat yeah
you're probably right dude all right
guys what do you think of this hat i
mean it's not really a hat it's a
football helmet yeah it'll protect your
head though well you know what i think
i'm gonna keep it wait is that a
football
nice tackle oh that hurts so bad well
don't dress like a football player if
you don't want to get tackled you know
what i i think i'ma change my head i
don't want to get hurt argue me mateys
how do you like me hat okay that hat's
sick you know what i'll trade you your
old hat back for that one really okay
let's do it yeah why do you have me hat
wait this is your head i found a little
dumpster no you stole that hat from no
leg pete and stealing a pirate's hat is
punishable by walking the plank oh
joseph just give it back no i'm not
giving up this hat dude caleb was gonna
trade me my hat back if you don't give
me back me hat i'll put the cursor davey
jones up on you joseph just give it back
no i'm not giving up this hat dude give
it back stop it stop it dude here's your
hat back no it'd be too late and now i'm
gonna give you a gruesome death how did
you lose your hand oh that'd be a sad
tale i was sailing across the open ocean
and i ran into gary the goon anderson he
challenged me to a dart throwing match
for all me gold and i lost and gary took
me hand as a trophy that sick bastard oh
well actually we we know gary oh no no
don't tell gary about this please
oh he took the hat with him oh man sorry
joseph you're about to get your hat back
i wanted that hat too i guess i'll get a
new hat well chewy boy fellers how you
like this dundee hat right here wow
joseph i like that hat yes siree bob i'm
from the white trashiest part of alabama
where everything's bigger isn't that
texas no have you seen our women they're
wider than a double wide trailer what do
you think about it caleb well i don't
really understand the personality yeah
joseph you could just talk normal no
dude if i'm gonna wear this hat i'm
gonna wear it it's gonna be my
personality okay okay oh do you guys
want to hear it song not really oh i
sleep with my sister and i sure do miss
her she's prettier than my mama's yellow
teeth okay i think we're done
[Applause]
yeah yeah joseph just please go wear a
different hat are you sure yeah i just i
i don't i don't like it you should just
wear a different hat okay
look at that i found a hat does it make
me look fat oh look it's dr seuss's hat
no it's not dr seuss's hat it's the
cat's hat from cat in the hat his name
is dr seuss no the cat's name is not dr
seuss yes it is no it's not then what's
the cat's name he doesn't have a name
it's just cat you're telling me this guy
wrote thousands of books and he couldn't
think of a name for the cat no he's just
the cat in the hat no his name's dr
seuss oh okay then who wrote green eggs
and ham the cat named dr seuss shut up
junior so joseph are you gonna keep the
hat if i keep this hat it may be a bad
time because everything i say must end
in a rhyme well i don't think everything
has to end in a rhyme you can talk
normal i have to run even if it's a
waste of time well then rhyme with the
word wolf
do you see that wolf
how about we go and play ghost no no no
no no no that's yeah that's not
you take off the hat you didn't rhyme
now take it off the damn hat shut up all
right guys what do you think of this hat
is that chef pee pee's hat no no are you
good at cooking yeah cooking roadkill
and eating bugs well i guess we found
your new hat then joseph joseph give me
my hat back uh chef peepee you need to
wash your hair it's like really dirty
you don't tell me what to do okay and no
i'm not gonna wash my hair washing your
hair is bad for you what joseph give me
my hat back right now no i'm wearing it
give me my hat
ho ho ho guys how do you like this hat i
mean it's kind of loud it's not loud i
love the jingles jingle bell jingle bell
get back to the shop no days off wait
what what's up you're one of my elves i
own you ah man not this again i didn't
know this was the south pole i thought
we were free up north
no no you're an elf you make toys for me
well he's not really an elf well he's
wearing the official elf hat
to take take it off
have it back he's not really an elf find
a new hat god i can't have any fun i
don't want to make santa claus mad make
sure you get my christmas lights okay
yeah okay whatever
hey guys what about this hat that's
jeffy's helmet no it's not it's my hat
joseph you can't just go around stealing
people's hats dude this is my hat okay
shut up hey don't you give me my helmet
back
jeffy come on it's my hat joseph you
have to find a hat that's original to
you dude i have an original hat but
caleb's wearing it right now we'll go
find a new hat god spider joshua spider
joseph does whatever a spider justin
does joseph you can't just wear
spider-man's mask now hold on caleb i
really like spider-man it'd be really
cool if joseph wore spider-man mask all
the time i know right dude where we meet
again spider-man oh no it's the green
goblin what is he doing here did you
really think i wouldn't find you a
spider-man i want my revenge what are
you gonna do to me this is a tortilla
chip and i'm making a mess on your cow
oh no
let's get crumbs all over the couch
joseph hit him okay dude
oh here joseph you have to take that
mask off i don't want him to keep making
crumbs on our couch oh you're right dude
that's fair oh it's a big mess
meow meow meow meow
oh jesus joseph so you're a cat now yeah
meow meow ew don't lick me meow meow
meow
i think i kind of like this one i don't
want to be a friend of the furry oh come
on junior let's give him a chance good
job
you were already a cat earlier today you
were dr seuss his name is not dr sue yes
it is no it's not joseph look take the
cat ears off go do something else okay
yeah i want a different hat but yeah his
name is dr seuss no it's not yes it is
it is not dr seuss it is thy king has
arrived bowed down to me peasants but
junior don't bow just because he's
wearing a crown doesn't mean he's a king
off with that caught just his head i
mean he could be the burger king you
hear thy nobleman i am thy burger king
and the crown looks really good on him
well not if he's gonna call us peasants
all the time bringeth me my sweet sister
so i can make sweet sweet love to her no
god not this again wait i thought that
was only the cowboy hat no kings did
that too all right joseph you're gonna
do that sister stuff you gotta take that
off just go oh but the sister go find a
different hat
what are you screaming at caleb turn
around
okay guys what do you think about this
hat that's not a hat that's a mask jesus
joseph i don't want to get scared every
time i look at you i mean you have to
look at your mom's big fat ugly scary
face every day well is caleb's mom fat
and scary i thought it was just cody's
mom oh i think caleb's mom is even
fatter than cody's mom i mean there's
not a scale big enough to measure them
because they're both fast not at all
yeah
yeah but joseph i definitely think you
should change your mask because that is
really scary oh this is a good mask
though all right guys what about this
one oh my god that hat is so cool it's a
shark it has teeth on it that's so sick
wait you really like your dude oh i love
it what do you think about it caleb that
hat is badass i want that no you can't
have it you have to stick with a stupid
little green one okay you know what how
about we play darts for it whoever wins
gets both hats you know what that's not
a bad idea let's do it why would you
accept that joseph he was he was trained
by gary the poon gobbler anderson
anderson anderson
you bite your tongue nobody slanders
gary anderson like that i guess you
could call joseph gary slanderson
yeah i bring that fire all right let's
go play yeah let's play all right guys
the rules are you only get one dart
whoever gets the best throw wins who
wants to go first let me go first
this'll be over before it even starts
ladies first okay let me just get in the
zone think of gary anderson
gary gary gary gary gary
no not you not john lowe
you didn't even hit the board i was too
low
damn you john lowe
all right joseph all you have to do is
hit the board and you win okay i got
this dude think of gary gary gary gary
gary gary
yes your sister says yes i get my hat
back
oh dude i'm so happy i got my hat back
oh i got two hats now i can't believe
john lowe made me lose thanks a lot john
no thanks gary anderson he's a true king
yeah well we all knew that well cody i
like you more with a hat without a hat
anyway well look what i
i bought a hat you did i sure did who do
i look like now uh it looks like your
name is
joshua
and i don't like it it doesn't fit me
how about a billy
billy okay yeah i'm billy now call me
billy
go die billy yeah die billy
can't wait yeah
[Music]