all right cross today we're going to be
learning about homophones a homophone is
when you call someone and they answer
the phone like hey just kidding CR a
real homophone is a word that sounds the
same but has different meanings and
usually different spellings if you want
me to call a homophone I'll just call
Cody's
phone well we're not learning about
homophobes Junior what is that it's a
person who doesn't like gay people you
don't like your own kind Cody well I
didn't say I was a homophobe yes you did
you just said you were a homophobe no I
was calling you one what I do like gay
people I'm friends with you right yeah
all right crass now we're going to go
over some examples of homophobes there
is AD ad and hole hole and Road Road
Road oh and look at this one class we we
I will now use it in a sentence Cody
likes we
we
gay good one teach oh come on he can get
fired for saying that he can't get fired
for saying you like wee wee I think he
can actually and he called me gay aren't
you well yeah but he meant it it's like
an insult hey nerd give me your lunch
money it's the end of the day we already
ate lunch well then give me tomorrow's
lunch money I don't have it yet well you
better give me your money tomorrow okay
well I guess I'll just skip lunch
tomorrow and if you don't give me your
money tomorrow I'm going to beat you up
okay well now I have to bring my money
and I'm really not looking forward to
school tomorrow all right craft so for
your homew tonight you have to write
10,000 homophones and turn it in
tomorrow and if you're thinking about
not doing it just know that it's worth
90% of your school grade for the entire
year so good luck 10,000 homophones are
there even that many yes Cody there's
over 10,000 gay people on earth I can't
believe you called me homophobic can you
believe them dude hey dude PJ cring up
Perry jam cring up Jimmy James cringer
the coolest kid in school yeah that's me
what's up Brody that is your name right
uh no it's actually Cody okay whatever
listen I was just wondering if you could
write all 10,000 of my homophones for me
and if you don't everybody in school is
going to know you're the lamest kid ever
uh okay I guess thanks great now I have
to write 20,000 homophones can you write
my homophones for me Cody no I'm already
doing 20,000 come on R mine too dude no
all you have to do is copy your
homophones three times oh yeah that
sounds easy and rearrange them for the
teacher do we're not cheating okay fine
hey Cody oh [ __ ] can you please do my
homework to my hand cramping yeah sure
that's fine I'll just write 50,000
homophones hey nerd in addition to your
lunch money oh let me guess you want me
to write your homophones yeah how'd you
know okay fine that's fine anybody else
want me to do their homophones for them
Jeffy you too okay yeah I'll just write
everybody's goddamn homophones I better
get started I'm going to be up all night
God I hate my [ __ ]
life oh my God you've got to be kidding
me there's only 6,000 homophones in the
English language okay fine I guess I'll
just take 4,000 from other languages
then codyy me and your father need to
speak with you not right now Mom I got
to do my my homework well Cody this is
more important what is it look Cody your
mama's only fans is failing it's true
people just don't want to pay to see my
wrinkly old Cuda the well is running dry
but you know who want to see that old
Cuda Chicago deep dish pizza and wrinkly
old Cuda mhm it's the land of foreign
old cudas think about it Cody why do
they have the bean so what are you guys
trying to say we moving to Chicago silly
ass so make sure all your stuff is
packed because I already paid for a damn
apartment wait we're moving that's right
Cody so you have tomorrow to say goodbye
to your friends mhm also don't forget to
pack neutral gang colors yeah Chicago
ain't no joke this ain't 63rd Street oh
my God I can't believe I'm moving wait a
minute I'm moving that means I don't
have to do this homework and I don't
have to do PJ's homework cuz it doesn't
matter if I'm lame or not cuz I'm not
even going to live here I don't have to
do anyone's homework and I don't have to
give that bully my lunch money and I
don't have to take any crap from Junior
and Joseph and the teacher oh this is
great what a big move tomorrow's going
to be
sick hey Cody you do our homework oh
yeah the homophones yeah I think I got
them right here in my desk let me just
see [ __ ] you whoa that's not the
homework dude yeah seriously Cody
where's the homework I'm just kidding
guys I actually do have it back here let
me just see I think it's
right hey Cody did you do our homework
oh you must not have seen the first two
I think I actually do have another one
back here way in the back y there it is
Cody that's not nice no seriously Cody
did you do the homework or not yeah
you're right guys there's no way I would
do it a fourth time
Cody did you do it did you do the
homework come on Cody seriously we're
going to fail no you guys are going to
fail I'm just chilling hey man did you
do my homophones oh hey everybody look
who it is it's PJ pisses his jammies
poops his jammies [ __ ] Jones kingshaw
hey man that's not my name yeah you're
right well I didn't do your homophones
hey man you know how popular I am right
I could like totally ruin your life yeah
you could ruin my life here but not in
Chicago where all they care about is
deep dish pizza and wrinkly old Cooter
what yeah I didn't do your [ __ ]
homophones hey everybody Cody's
officially the lamest kid ever what the
[ __ ] okay hey everybody PJ pisses his
jammies or his diaper or whatever the
[ __ ] Cody what are you doing he can ruin
your life I don't give a [ __ ] all right
class I hope you all did your homework
and wrote down your 10,000 homophones
and if you really did do your homework
you'd realize there's only 6,000 homop
hey who thrw that paper ball in my face
right over here teach and I got another
one coming your way
all right Cody that's it you have
detention tomorrow I don't give a Fu how
about all next week that's it Cody for
the next two months you have to come to
school early and scrap the gun from
underneath the desk oh no I don't even
think I'm going to learn my lesson from
all that I'm not even getting out of bed
unless it's for the next 4 months C that
is it if you throw one more paper ball I
will make you come to school early every
day and stay after school late and write
10,000 W essays and make you scrub the
Bo let with your
toothbrush [ __ ] that is it Cody what
are you doing well you know I just woke
up and chose violence hey nerd do you
have my lunch money oh look who it is no
I don't well then I'm going to kick your
ass okay but I have a better offer for
you how about I give you $10,000
tomorrow and if I don't I'll let you
curb stomp me I'll bite a curb and you
can just Stomp all over me you know what
I'll let you give me a swirly with [ __ ]
in the toilet you can use my face to mop
it Up Wait really yeah yeah you know
what I'll let you pants me in front of
the entire School hey how about this
even if I do give you the money you can
still do all of it how's that sound okay
what Cody you're not going to be able to
give him $10,000 and even if you do you
said you'd still let him do it yeah I
know I don't care dude what's wrong with
you yeah I'm starting to think he's not
going to be at school tomorrow Joseph
yeah he's acting weird bro yeah it's not
like I'm moving to Chicago tomorrow dude
this is like the second time he
mentioned Chicago yeah I I'm starting to
think he might move to Chicago yeah I
just don't give a [ __ ] hence the
sunglasses indoors Cody I just got the
with the principal go to his office now
all right losers see you guys never
Joseph what was up with Cody today I
don't know dude but it seemed like he
finally grew some balls hey guys what
Cody what's going on what happened at
the principal's office who the [ __ ]
knows I just took a [ __ ] on his desk and
walked down Savage you don't care that
you might get suspended from school no
let me tell you guys what's going on see
last night my mom and dad told me I'm
moving to Chicago tonight so I don't
have any consequences for anything I do
you're moving to Chicago yep well well
what are we going to do for our best
friend I don't know maybe you're going
to ask Harry I'm just kidding I killed
that [ __ ] well what Cody but seriously
like you can't move to Chicago well I am
wait hold on my phone's ringing it's
probably just my mom telling me we're
leaving early hey Mama Bear is the POR
it's just right good news Cody we're not
moving yeah I was just telling my
friends we what yeah we decided not to
move it turns out wrinkly old C is
really popular on only fans I was just
posting all those pictures to the
Instagram yeah your M silly as hand
that's a that's a really funny joke mom
but it's September not April 1st so when
is the U-Haul truck going to be there oh
no Cody we're really not moving to
Chicago oh well I I want to move to
Chicago I I like the Cubs in Wrigley
Field and and the bean tell Dad about
the bean no Cody turns out we're not
leaving oh your principal's calling me I
wonder what that could be
about what's what's going on Cody well
my mom has just informed me that we are
in fact not moving to Chicago but but
but you cussed out PJ CAW the most
popular kid in school I did and you told
the bully he could give you a swirly and
a shitty toilet oh yeah I did do that
and you told him you give him $10,000
mhm and he could curb stomp you yeah
even if you brought him the money mhm
yeah and he kept throwing paper balls at
the teacher yep and then you [ __ ] on the
principal's desk ooh yeah you're dead
what what are you going to do you know
I've seen the movie Max keble's big move
a lot actually and I don't really know
what I expected here here so what are
you actually going to do Cody cuz like
you you you just failed school cuz you
didn't do our homework yeah I sure did
yeah my life is pretty much ruined oh my
phone's ringing again oh it's my mom
maybe she changed her mind about moving
to Chicago hello you [ __ ] on the
principal's test Cody how could you what
the hell wrong with
you yeah that's bad so what what you
what is your plan oh [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] I don't know I don't know what
to do guys oh my phone's ringing again
and that's the principal calling me
directly gonna decline that one oh Cody
oh my God you can't show your face at
school ever again [ __ ] and we can't talk
to you ever again like in in public [ __ ]
dude fake my death I could fake my death
that's possible o o I have the perfect
idea so you can still go to school okay
all right class we have a new student
and her name is clitorus hey everybody
I'm clitoris and I just moved here from
Chicago who wants to be my friend
[Music]