all right class today you have a math
test today and I hope you all study rats
night cause it's going to be a really
hard test I'm talking really hard now
ready go get your tests what I don't
know we had a test today
me neither dude oh I'm gonna fail me too
I studied all night
cootie why does he warrant that we had a
test today dude you guys wouldn't have
studied anyway yeah he's run Joseph's
right
what's that the penny dude is a heads up
heads up oh what a Lucky Penny
I was it lucky do it if you find a penny
with his heads up it's gonna bring you
good luck
really Cody well some people say that
but I don't really believe it oh well
I'm gonna keep it anyway cuz it's money
oh man that's so cool that I found a
penny I just need to find nine more and
I have a dollar
Junior you're gonna fail this math test
what ten pennies make a dollar Cody you
go Junior
you're your test I hope you started oh
man I don't know anything on this test
please get the guess and all the
questions alright don't think here your
test
hey don't test Cody alright Christ I
just passed out everybody tests you're
gonna have 10 min to take tests
what's 10 minutes I'm gonna make Gong
sound to let you know that it's over all
right
donkey starting deaf Gong sound that me
10 minute is over
and you gotta turn in your test oh man I
so failed attempt attaining your test I
know I passed
hey Joseph did you pass no way dude I
guess don't ever see one of them a
Christmas tree TC but Christmas you drew
a Christmas tree yeah who doesn't like
Christmas
all right cross I'm gonna grade all your
tests and I'm gonna pass them back out
to you guys my dad's gonna ground me
when he finds out I failed this test
EU Junior I can't get grounded because I
don't have berries wait Junior why don't
you just try studying because I'm not a
nerd Cody
all right cross I finished grading your
test and only why are you better a prop
boy you go Joseph
how did I build my - Joseph you
literally drew a Christmas tree on the
back of your test oh you're right I
should've do it on the front of my dish
help it here you go Cody here's your
test let me see that hundo a play but
wait a B - yeah cuz you missed one
question well then who got the 100 jr.
you got a plus 100 on your math test I
got an A plus 100 I didn't even study I
guess um every question dude in much
better be the lucky baby looking pretty
good e the Cody lucky baby help me pass
the pain did not help you pass your math
test you just got lucky but I guessed on
every single question Cody dude it's a
Lucky Penny duh no no he's just a good
guesser I can guess your mom's waited
six hundred pounds he's back oh hey guys
you want to go get a sandwich to
celebrate my a +100 yeah sure do yeah
use a nice big footlong in the after
this B let's go okay let me get my penny
welcome fingers arcs damages are bad
yeah I'll take a footlong banger with
cheese I'll also have a footlong banger
with cheese Lucky Penny no jr. literally
anyone behind me in line with a wife I
was the one behind this robbed lucky but
if I was behind you I wouldn't want it
sounds like jealousy to me I felt like
you're jealous killer yeah shut up with
me you don't even know let's do this
awesome jr. this cake is good but that
Penny's not making you lucky yes it is
dude
no it's not yeah coating the penny has
to be lucky look ever since I got this
penny Bucky started happening I pass a
test I didn't even study for I just
guessed the answers and then I was the
millionth customer at the sandwich place
mm-hmm Jimmy that's just two lucky
things it's just a coincidence
who's that uh hello
hey there you're on the hit TV show how
many M&Ms are in this Cup oh my god I
love this show oh yeah your house was
randomly selected to be the lucky house
in the show it has to be the pity
the penny okay I don't know that's about
but if you guess how many M&Ms are in
this Cup you win a trip to Disney World
from the cup yeah you have to guess
exactly how many M&Ms are in there no
way dude that's impossible you can't do
that um I guess I would say 384 Wow what
yeah where you nailed it that's exactly
right yeah you win two tickets to Disney
World
well no I mean you win two tickets but
one of them has to be an adult oh I
guess I'll just take chef peepee then oh
it was cool that you want alright your
flight is in the morning at six o'clock
so you better get to sleep okay awesome
oh my gosh god I can't believe I won a
trip to Disney World
dude is too busy is this the pity it's
not because of the penny it was just a
really lucky guess yeah a lucky guess
because of the penny no jr. if you
didn't have the penny you probably would
have guessed the same number no if I
didn't have the penny I would have
probably said there was like five M&Ms
mm-hmm well jr. there were a lot more
than five M&Ms in there how do you know
well because I looked at it okay well if
I don't have the penny I would have
probably said like a million Eminem's
well that would obviously have been too
many well see that's why it was a lucky
guess because I guess a number between
five and a million yes jr. you just had
to guess a number between five and a
million yeah and I got it that's why
this penny is super lucky and also it
was really lucky that they chose my
house for the show well yeah that was
lucky but it was still just a
coincidence no it's cuz of the penny
well anyway guys I got to go to bed
because I'm going to Disney World in the
morning so I'll see you guys in a few
days okay oh man I finally get to lay
down and relax oh hey baby what do you
want
Jr that's what I want a trip to Disney
World wait how did you do that throw in
a game share they came to the front door
they said I wanted trip to Disney World
because I guess how many M&M join a cup
are you sure it's not a scam no it's
real sad baby so what you have at 6 a.m.
that's what I my flight is okay 6:00 in
the morning
ok jr. yeah ok wake me up
[Music]
what time is it hey chef Amy oh oh
no Jacob oh my phone ok Siri what time
is it hey Siri what time is it what time
is it
it's really sad on the phone yeah dude
well guys I missed my flight to Disney
World
Cody what was up for ya so rude I was
just laughing because it proves that the
penny isn't lucky what are you talking
about
well something unlucky happened to you
you missed your flight so obviously that
proves that the penny wasn't lucky after
all hmm I guess Cody is right maybe the
pity isn't lucky yeah
I guess all that stuff yesterday was
just a coincidence maybe stupid penny I
guess we'll just watch TV
[Music]
hey play on its way to Disney World this
morning has crashed and there were no
survivors
truly sad oh my god the plane office
must be on crashed
thank God I overslept dude the pity this
pretty save my life white Kui this pity
saved my life it's really lucky I was
supposed to be on that plane but since I
had this Lucky Penny I overslept and I
didn't get on the plane so I survived
Wow junior that's really lucky I'm sure
all those people in the plane crash who
died are really happy for you well Cody
they should have had a Lucky Penny
Junior I'm pretty sure somebody on that
plane headed penny
a ging word now that no one on board the
plane had a Lucky Penny although there
was one guy who had a penny but it was
tail side up truly sad Wow see Cody this
penny is super lucky actually Junior
it's still not lucky because you won a
trip to Disney World but now you don't
get to go to Disney World
yeah Cody has your point dude yeah I
guess since I don't get to go to Disney
World I'm not really lucky okay
Disney World has been Newt if you had
plans to go to Disney World and you
didn't go your tremely lucky oh come on
see Cody even the new says I'm lucky
yeah super lucky dude no come on guys
everybody knows that North Korea hates
Disney World it was just a matter of
time Couty why is it so hard for you to
believe that this penny is lucky yeah
because all the lucky stuff that's
happened has just been a bunch of
coincidences it would have happened
whether you had the penny or not what
can we do to prove you that this penny
is lucky um let's go bowling okay he's
gonna do it he has to Lucky Penny
yeah I have a Lucky Penny Curry's the
only ball the striker where's the ball
what happened
so Cody did that prove you that this
penny is lucky no it just means you're
good at bowling
Cody what can we do to prove either this
penny is lucky okay grab your phone and
follow me
okay okay jr. if your penny is so lucky
then drop your phone off the balcony and
see if it breaks Cody that's stupid
obviously my phone's gonna break if I
drop it down there no it won't not if
you have your Lucky Penny dude I don't
know about this yeah Cody I don't know
this is pretty stupid all right well I
guess your penny isn't lucky after all
okay fine Cody I'll prove that my penny
is lucky by dropping my phone well here
I go No No maybe iPhones are just really
durable hold on let me try my phone all
right let's see if mine breaks here I go
yeah all right that sound like you're
broke
yeah yeah Cody is destroyed idiot he's
the one who threw his phone first but
you don't have a Lucky Penny Cody yeah
you should have thrown your phone with
all Lucky Penny what the Lucky Penny has
nothing to do with this I'm just really
hunky and I'm stronger than you so I
threw it harder that's all yeah all
right Cody uh yeah well maybe this is
the back of your phone maybe the front
looks better okay it's destroyed yes dad
yeah it won't even turn on my phone
we're going back to the couch what
Junior I hit pictures on that phone I'll
never get back well then you shut up on
your phone Cody well I just don't
understand why my phone broke and yours
didn't the penny Cody other penny but
I'm tired of hearing about this stupid
penny it's not lucky
Cody obviously it's lucky ever since I
found it so much lucky stuff has
happened to me so it's lucky look I'll
do whatever I had to do to prove you
that it's lucky Junior you can't prove
to me that it's lucky okay you know what
how about I go get hit by a car and if I
survived and the penny is lucky
what no Jenny that's really stupid yeah
that's a little risque dude if you get
hit by a car your Diaries bro well look
if I get hit by a car and I survived
obviously that means I'm lucky and it's
because of the pin so I'll go sit in the
road Junior
Julia Julia
Jr get out of the road yeah come on do
it stop Lin no guys I got hit by a car
and survived to prove it Cody there's
Penny's lucky you don't have to do this
yeah I don't have a Lucky Penny so I'm
gonna go on a sidewalk
Cody you should probably own the
sidewalk - you don't have the Lucky
Penny Junior it's about to rain we
should just go in the house no Cody I
have to get hit by a car it was
lightning Junior we almost got struck by
lightning but we did it because I have a
Lucky Penny wait so you're telling me
that everyone in the world who didn't
get struck by lightning is lucky
oh no we're lucky cause we almost got
shot by lightning well wouldn't it have
been luckier if we didn't even come
close to getting struck by lightning no
Cody I have a Lucky Penny so we didn't
get struck by lightning only cause of
the Lucky Penny so go on the sidewalk so
I get hit by a car
fine dude do you think Julia's gonna
survive if he gets hit by a car
hopefully not so we can learn his lesson
told you dude onion rings Wow kid you
broke both your legs you like it even be
alive you hear that Cody I'm lucky to be
alive the beanie dude penny you'd be
even luckier if you could walk we need
you to walk when they have a Lucky Penny
dude yeah Cody well I'm glad you guys
call I didn't even notice like hit yeah
I was just driving home with the music
blaring I thought I hit a speed bump or
a cat or something anyway see you guys
later
so Cody you believe my pennies lucky now
no jr. all right Joseph dragged me in
the road I hit by another car no jr. I'm
getting rid of this penny before you
hurt yourself again okay dude get out of
here penny it was too dangerous to
junior Wow Cody I can't believe you were
so jealous of my Lucky Penny that you
had to throw it out the window I wasn't
jealous jr. I was trying to protect you
yeah you weren't Cody you weren't
jealous you're so jealous you were jelly
doughnut jealous yeah yeah Cody you were
jelly doughnut jealous I'm not jelly
doughnut jealous guys okay fine let me
prove to you that the penny wasn't even
helping you let me test your luck okay
here's some cups and here's a yellow
ball I'm gonna hide the ball under one
of the cups now turn around and then
guess which cup it's under
okay jr. what cup is it under that word
he picked the wrong cup - I guess the
coin was helping are you done your
[Music]
hungry Oh panic Oh money yeah
look a penny