so guys what do you want to do today o
let's go swimming in your pool I just
want an excuse to take my clothes off
around you guys yeah dude let's swim but
I'm going to keep my shirt on yeah I'm
keep my shirt on too oh come on guys you
guys are lame let's see some belly
button or any hole for that matter damn
it come on Ken oh man Joseph I can't
wait to go swimming oh yeah dude it's
going to be so much fun hey bro wait who
are you I'm Brad with a big D hey do you
mind if I go suring in your pool well
there's no waves in my pool yeah there
are look at all those little ones okay I
guess you can oh thanks bro that was
weird
right all right Ken put some sunscreen
on me you know I burn like a Douro pizza
that's been left in the oven for 5
minutes too long and make sure you get
plenty between my butt cheeks I don't
want a pale
crack can Ken Ken I don't feel anything
wet dripping on my back K Ken Ken what
are you doing K Ken what are you looking
at what the
[Music]
oh wow Ken you're looking at him huh you
think he's hot yeah well look at him
look at him all you want cuz he's not
even hunky he doesn't even have muscles
like I do look at me Ken look at me Ken
Ken oh okay okay you want him so much
then you can have
[Music]
him Joseph we should play pool
basketball oh yeah dude let's do it yeah
guys I'm not swimming anymore what's
wrong Cody cuz K is flirting with that
hot new guy in the pool you mean Brad
with a big D oh God you've seen it my
2in pincher can't compete with a big
D let's go see what's wrong with Cody oh
K calm down Cody no why is Ken looking
at other guys am I not hot enough for
him no but I have a six-pack dude your
face looks like a pizza yeah there's
pepperonis all over your face well okay
I know my face isn't that hot but the
rest of me is hot I'm hotter than Brad
well Brad's face looks better no Brad's
ugly I wouldn't kiss him if he was the
last man on Earth okay well maybe I
would maybe maybe I would kiss him if he
like cornered me alone in a room
actually maybe I'd approach him and kiss
him oh god he's a stud muffin see look
if you think Brad's hot why you mad at
Ken for thinking he's hot well you know
don't stare at him like that you know
don't break your neck his his head was
turned so far to the right I thought his
head was going to fall off what Ken hey
I don't really appreciate you throwing
your doll at me like that well he was
basically throwing himself at you anyway
thanks for let me use your pool Junior
bye Brad bye Brad jeez why is everyone
sucking him off so much he's not that
great I mean I know his hair is
fantastic and his tan is really hot and
he has beautiful blue eyes Ken what do
you have to say for yourself huh what'
you do when I left huh you you guys do
the hokey pokei huh turn yourself around
[ __ ] what Cody how about we play a board
game so you can stop arguing with Ken
okay yeah okay guys I have two board
games we can play we can play gobble
monster that's what Ken was being with
Brad's nuts a little gobble monster or
we can play Rattlesnake Jake yeah Ken
was playing with Brad's rattlesnake his
wiener can we just play gobble monster
Hey look look at me who am I oh it's
Brad's nuts I'm a little gobble monster
dude you're going to ruin the game yeah
Cody are you going to play yeah I'll
play Ken can just sit here and watch
since he likes to watch so much like he
was watching Brad in the pool under the
waterfall in slow motion Cody we don't
want to hear you and Ken argue yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah you hear that Ken they
don't want to hear you argue so get out
of here damn dude you're going to break
your doll nah don't worry about him he's
pretty durable I've done worse all right
guys let's play gobble monster Ken's a
little gobble monster for nuts we get it
[ __ ]
okay guys let's play how do you play
well you pull his tongue out and you put
the toys on his tongue wait pull his
tongue out wait Jesus H Christ I like
this yeah and then we press his button
and now every time you touch the tongue
it makes that noise so if we put the
toys on his tongue and we try to grab it
you have to grab all the toys before his
tongue sucks back in his mouth I think I
see where this is
going I like this thing hey could you
guys give me a minute alone with this
but Cody no we want to play the game
yeah I I don't know man I think I have a
game in mind well we want to play the
game so leave Cody yeah I guess you guys
are right I should probably go check on
Ken I feel bad for arguing with him this
kind of made me think of him all right
let's play before he gets back yes
finally dud Ken Ken I'm sorry I threw
you I just want to talk and apologize
Ken Ken what are you doing here with all
these dudes is that Buzz Lightyear oh
hell no first you're looking at Brad and
now you're cuddled up with all these
dudes in Buzz Lightyear oh I get it Buzz
Lightyear is enough for you you don't
want me anymore okay fine that's it
we're
done your turn dude okay I'm going to go
for this
[Applause]
piece what's wrong Cody me and Ken broke
up he cheated on me with Buzz Light you
Buzz Lightyear to infinity and beyond I
hate him well cheer up Cody cheer up how
would you feel if your boyfriend cheated
on you with Buzz Light Years well I'm
not gay I'm going to go home and cry
I'll never be happy ever again
yeah so uh are we going to finish this
game yeah let's play again all
right all right Joseph it's your turn to
grab a nugget okay
dude oh that was close my
turn oh you cheated dude you just pushed
it off [ __ ] see you cheated it was It
was supposed to jump on you oh that
scared me we haven't heard from Cody in
a long time I wonder what he's doing
dude let's go check on him I hope Cody's
home hello hey is Cody here oh no who's
that to know baby they want to see Cody
oh Shamu the beach will yeah he washed
up earlier today yeah you want to see
the Behemoth I thought I was already
looking at a behemoth oh no I'm big but
Cody oh good grief that's a big [ __ ]
yeah huge you got to pay to see that
yeah you boys can come in but be careful
do you have any food on you he can smell
it a mile away no I don't have any food
okay your boys can come in but just
watch out sh all right kids there he is
Mom can you give me some more chunky
monkey ice cream Jesus yeah he's in his
natural habitat being a fat ass Pig get
up boy o o o you got customers well
junior is that you Cody hey hey hey you
want to feed them $5 you get to feed
them all the Oreos you want I want to
feed them here you go oh thank you thank
you all right here you go hey hey no
biting you going to run away the
customers
boy that's not worth it Cody why are you
so fat well if your boyfriend cheats on
you what's the point in staying hunky
why are you in your underwear oh none of
my clothes fit anymore hey do you guys
know how good chunky monkey ice cream is
I mean it is like the best mother ice
cream I've ever had I mean chocolate
fudge brownie is pretty good but oh God
chunky monkey well Cody we really want
to hang out with you yeah I'll I'll roll
my way over to your place at some point
okay we'll see you later Cody another
happy customer all right boy get ready
for the next family come one come all
let's see the fattest boy on planet
Earth he won't bite come on dude I want
a rematch you cheated I didn't cheat
Joseph you suck at the game get good
cheating you mean like Ken did to me oh
hey Cody don't what you mean Roundy cuz
he's big and round and a fat that's lame
Joseph dude I tried hey you guys have
room on the couch for me and my ice
cream I mean not the ice cream you
should probably get get rid of that well
I can't just get rid of this why well
cuz it's chunky monkey Junior chunky
monkey just
so sucking delicious oh you don't you
don't even understand if you you had a
lick of my chunky monkey you would
understand and then maybe you could try
my ice cream well I don't like how fat
you are Cody yeah it's very ugly yeah
you're you're really fat hard to look at
you okay well I I do still have feelings
well no guy's going to want you being
that fat oh yeah well how about I
introduce you guys to my new boyfriend
Minecraft Steve what Minecraft Steve
yeah he can punch down trees with his
bare hands it's badass everything about
him is blocky and I mean everything it's
actually kind of a problem cuz he has a
lot of hard corners but you know my bung
hole is square shaped now so like you
really like him oh yeah I think you
could say things are getting pretty
serious he built us a cabin in the woods
and then some creepers blew it up but
that's just life you know isn't that
right Steve well as long as you're happy
Cody oh yeah I'm happy I'm really
happy I hate Minecraft Steve all he ever
does is punch dirt and collect rots he's
so lame well why don't you just take Ken
back I can't take Ken back he cheated on
me with bu Lightyear well did you ever
physically see him cheat well no but he
was looking at other guys and then I
found him with a whole bunch of other
guys in Buzz Lightyear well don't you
always hang out with other dudes oh yeah
so like that's what's the difference
you're just being mad for no reason okay
but even if I did want to get back with
Ken he wouldn't take me if I look like
this well just lose the weight stop
eating chunky monkey Junior I can't stop
eating chunky monkey it's so godamn
[ __ ]
delicious but no I can't do that I mean
look I can't just drop the weight it's
not like I can just have a montage and
lose all the weight suddenly oh wait
this is YouTube I can do exactly that
[Music]
[Music]
okay all right Joseph it's your turn
okay I'll do it dude you cheated you
must have set it up oh no you just stuck
at the game no I don't hey guys I'm back
whoa Cody you're ripped yeah didn't even
take long well you want some more chunky
monkey chunky monkey no I can't this
monkey is no longer chunky I'm hunky
monkey now so what are you going to do
now Cody I'm going to get my boyfriend
back Ken I want you back and I'm willing
to fight all these guys to do it so come
on one at a time let's see what you got
oh Buzz Lighty you're huh well you're
not even a flying toy oh you're an
astronaut well this is one small step
for man and one giant foot in your ass
oh Woody You've Got a Friend in Me but
you've also got a foot in your ass oh
the Green Goblin don't tell Harry about
the foot in your ass oh Superman my
mom's name's Martha too just kidding
foot in your ass come on Ken let's get
out of here hey guys me and Ken worked
it out we decided we can look at other
guys but if we decide to add a third guy
to this gumbo we both have to approve
him so what are you guys doing we're
playing Rattlesnake Jake that looks fun
all right your turn Joseph okay
dude my
turn stop wiping it off dude you're just
you're not even picking it up oh my
piece went over there your
turn SC I'm over this game I'm going to
borrow this I'm going to bend over in
front of it come on Ken
[Music]
right