Jeffie stop it - Jeffy stop it
Mario he's having fun calm down he's not
hurting anyone he's big annoying Jeffy
stop it I've been huge I bet you can't
you'll not be your diaper for 30 seconds
I'll give you $1 all right bet 30
seconds without doing it jumping hold on
let me shoot at the door hello Mario
Goodman I don't have my house payment
this month
oh don't worry Mario I'm not here to
take your money I'm here to give you
money you give me money I know sounds
crazy right you're probably thinking
where do I bump my head with all this
crazy talk
yeah but anyway Mario my CPA says that I
have to give away 1 million dollars to
charity boys you're giving me a million
dollars no Mario hold on let me finish
he said that I had to give my money away
to charity or else I'd have to give it
to the IRS so I don't want to give it to
the IRS so I'm putting together a little
charity baseball game and I was
wondering if you wanted to be a part of
the adult team it's gonna be kids versus
adults be a part of it I if I get a part
of a million dollars I'll do it okay
well grab your glue up and be down on
the field in 20 minutes okay all right
I'll see you there baby guess what imma
be a millionaire Mario are you feeling
okay yes I'm feeling okay
Goodman's give it a million dollars to a
charity baseball game and all I have to
do is beat a bunch of little kids at
baseball well that doesn't sound very
fair Mario it is fair adults versus kids
and kids are have more energy and
because they eat all that sugar and
candy and all I do is beat a bunch of
little kids in baseball and I win a
million dollars laughs well I mean I
guess you can join the little kids team
but look I have to go win a million
dollars there so turn on the TV baby
watch me be a star okay Mario good luck
hello and welcome to the first ever
I'm giving someone 1 million dollars so
I can use it as a tax write-off
competition it's gonna be kids versus
adults so I'm expecting it to be a
blowout
all right guy all you got to do is
strike out this little kid I mean it
can't be that hard he's a little kid he
sucks at baseball now me I could have
gone pro if it wasn't for my carpal
tunnel Karen what are you doing up here
it's supposed to be in the outfield I
know it's boring care in it's baseball
supposed to be boring it's not an oven
mitt Karen it's a cat just meant for
catching balls oh so you want to fool
around no Karen there are kids around I
just want to play baseball go away I
know Karen that's the point just just go
get out of here just stand over there
and catch whatever comes your way
but what if I catch the flu I at this
point I don't care they'll be fine just
go okay boy D all right ten grand idiot
struck out oh yeah dude I'm ready to hit
it I'm gonna hit it out of the pot yeah
don't get don't get don't get don't get
swing do I'm not gonna fall for that
okay all right I'm gonna give him the
super duper ultra fast make it fast
speedy sonic boom fastball fast and my
glove changed hands but no one's gonna
notice you don't get don't get don't get
don't care swing somebody please catch
it yes oh man hit a home run are you
but I gotta cut running good night yeah
oh thank god he's an idiot and didn't
keep running he could have had an
inside-the-park home run all right who
wants it next you're supposed to
encourage me easy I hope they're all
easy outs cuz I'm a really good pitcher
alright I'll just make this a simple
pitch all right Judy you can hit it I
just wanted to give them an easy base
cuz I know we're gonna win by so much
what happens now you get to go to second
base cuz you got hit with the ball or
suede all right oh come on this is too
easy I mean I'm gonna strike him out I
mean cuz cuz I mean you know just just
look at him he's oh my god he crushed
somebody please catch that I got it I
got it
hey I don't got it bet that was stuck
that's fine that's fine I was going easy
on him see it's no big deal I mean how
many points is that like three that's
not easy easy easy okay that's just a
doll I can strike out at all all right
here we go
- yes that's three outs three outs
alright alright it's our turn and I'm
first advance
alright Jeff he's gonna win your
baseball game alright I'm about to crush
it my name is Gator yeah that's great
okay look look in the back fat boy yeah
I got it Jimmy's doing door really
that's right but yeah I know you're
distracting me my knife dude a fat boy
yeah I know that okay you know what half
time well let's take let's take half
time all right they just call it an
unexpected half time and the kids are up
three two zero so if the adults can
score four points they'll win do you
have any idea who's beating us out there
what are you doing in here you're not
supposed to be here this is in your
locker room my name is Gator yeah you
know get out of here right now
okay look guys we have to do better the
score is three to zero we are losing
pretty bad all we have to do is score
four more points yeah yeah you Thank You
captain obvious
okay mark I think we should wait until
nighttime because I can't even see the
ball out there in the sunlight they they
have an advantage with their young eyes
all right now that it's dark we're gonna
start the game back up and remember the
kids are up three two zero
hey where'd the Sun go oh no they are
there's just a bunch on mark who's
running for baseball all right now that
we had halftime and it's dark out sorry
I can see better the other team was
trying to cheat playing in the daytime
like that
come on Fat Boy hit the ball I'm going
200 and since we had a halftime my first
strike doesn't count all right let's do
this
I'm about to give you a hard ball you're
out of here
no I get two more try yeah start dude
take the thing you messed me up all
right I'm gonna hit it strike that
you're a dear fat boy all right look
what I did
what is it
it's coming right door honey you push me
let's all get it
get him out
jozek get it I got it dude stupid Cody
no I'm not I scored Matt my house okay
look this is how you win against kids
it's three to one now all right Jeffy
I'm about to hit it out of the park but
not a skater I was talking to Jeff he's
pitching let's wing it that boy what are
you doing these are children we need to
win I'm sorry baby baby please hit it I
know how to play baseball all right
I'm bout the farc-ep stop there go home
if you don't hit this next one I want a
divorce
oh man i'ma knock this out of the park
go baby go quiet woman I'm trying to
swing I thought we were gonna do that at
the neighbor's house blank that boy
swing yes yes yes yes yes I gotta go
home and maybe some dinner woman hey
Santa Club let me tell you all about for
Christmas good about this better pencil
man
strike one Santa Claus come on who let
the homeless guy play started that God
go back to the North Pole if he strikes
out I'm gonna cry
join the hardball oh my god that's a
home run we're gonna win I gotta do what
I gotta do
we did it
kiss me junior we lost weight we
actually lost to a bunch of kids it's ok
pointy oh no no we're not still going to
all of God and olive garden is cancelled
because we didn't win the million
dollars Wow what a shocking ending the
kids win it 3-2 so now the kids win 1
million dollars congratulations to them
no Mario but you're still my all-star
Jimmy what you do with your million
dollars okay I gave Monte charity you
what Jimmy that's so sweet
yep and the name on the charity is
jeopardy bank account go oh
[Music]