so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored Cheeto puffs
anyone Cheeto puffs Cheeto puffs Cheeto
puffs eat them up eat them up eat them
up that's Reese's Puffs I don't care
dude it's still puffy I want one oh man
I can't wait to eat a Cheeto puff oh I'm
so good wait wait guys look this Cheeto
puff looks like a dinosaur with a long
neck a brontosaurus
well it could also be in Apatosaurus or
a Brachiosaurus depending on who you ask
but you can keep going at a brontosaurus
since you're uneducated
could Cody people love buying weird
stuff like this and what are the odds
that the factory made a Cheeto puff that
looked like a dinosaur junior I'm pretty
sure the factory messes up and makes
Cheetos like that all the time your face
has pimples all the time yeah well
that's because I sleep on a slice of
pizza because I like the smell of
pepperoni how much would a starting baby
dude I'm gonna start the bid at 750
000 Junior nobody's gonna pay 750 000
for a weird Cheeto pop yes they will
Cody and you're just jealous because I'm
gonna be rolling in Moolah yeah that's
Spanish for money yeah it is no it's not
the Spanish word for money is dinero
what De Niro is a last name Cody like
Robert De Niro he was in Meet the
Parents and meet the [ __ ] your time
his name is Robert money guys is this
really what we're doing today we're
selling a Cheeto puff yeah we're gonna
sell it for a million dollars starting
bid 750 000 so let me go get my laptop
and my phone and we're gonna take
pictures of it
okay guys I got my phone let me just
take a few pictures oh yeah those look
good and done all right Cody I just
listed the Cheeto puff brontosaurus on
eBay and I know you said 750 000 was a
lot of money for the starting bid so I
made the starting bid 749 900 look at
you being generous dude it might as well
be 750 000 it's only a hundred dollar
difference listen Cody just shut up
we're just gonna lay back and watch all
the bids roll in yeah get that money bro
nobody's bidding because I have to
refresh it Cody watch it refresh to a
million
still a little bit
there's someone at the door hey Cody
will you answer the door with me okay
yeah come on Junior why did I have to
answer the door with you because what if
it's a kidnapper at the door Cody and he
grabs me you could bite his hand and he
would let me go what if it's two
kidnappers oh you're right Joseph no we
don't need Joseph let's just answer the
door hello hey are you the kid with the
Cheetos shaped like a dinosaur for sale
on eBay yeah that's me I would like to
buy it he doesn't know how eBay works
you could have just bought it online
well I don't want to buy it online I
want it now so I came
I came now there's a Buy It Now option
yeah but in their shipping and it could
get damaged during that I don't want to
do that I want to buy it right now for a
million dollars cash a million dollars
why because I collect Cheetos that are
shaped like weird things like I have a
Cheeto shape like the Eiffel Tower with
a working elevator at my house no you
don't shut the hell up can I buy it or
not yeah it's upstairs come on right
okay the Cheeto pup's right here where'd
it go I don't know it was right here
junior Joseph have you seen the Cheeto
puff nope but Joseph what are you eating
Cheetos but not the one we're gonna sell
though right no why would I do that to
you guys well hold on maybe I found
them is there a problem gentlemen we
can't seem to find the Cheeto puff are
you screwing with me what no it was
right here but we kind of lost it listen
time is money so if you find it you just
give me a call okay okay come on guys we
gotta find it it's worth a million
dollars
Joseph are you eating the Cheeto
dinosaur look dude I'll be honest
[Music]
breaking news Okay a Cheeto that looks
like a dinosaur has reached a bit of
five million dollars on eBay I was gonna
offer one million dollars in cash so it
looks like I'm gonna have to up my offer
to 10 million dollars in cash if they
can find the cheetah 10 million dollars
you hear that Joseph you cost us 10
million dollars Joseph where'd you go oh
he ran off during the news he did yeah
he said I'm out of here dude and then he
ran away and he took your laptop he took
my laptop oh when I see Joseph again I'm
gonna give him a big noogie on his head
oh come on Junior that's a little
extreme if we play tag he's gonna be it
okay that's just cruel and if we're
playing hide and seek he's gonna be the
Seeker no you're just being crazy no
Cody cost me 10 million dollars well
technically it was my bag of Cheeto
puffs so it should have been mine anyway
no no you didn't even care about it you
thought it was worthless and I thought
it was worthless and now it's worth 10
million dollars so you know what we're
gonna do we're gonna go buy a bunch of
bags of Cheetos and pour them all out
until we find one it looks like a
dinosaur no come on Junior what are the
odds we find another Cheeto puff that
looks like a dinosaur you said earlier
that probably always happens well yeah
because I didn't want to do this Joseph
was right this video idea was going
nowhere oh well it's going somewhere
come on we're gonna get a bag of Cheetos
why are you grabbing my ear okay Cody
we're gonna pour out all these bags of
Cheetos until we find a Cheeto dinosaur
this is stupid you're stupid stop
pouring
do you see any that look like a dinosaur
no they all just look like my wiener
that has Peyronie's disease there's a
slight curve we'll keep pouring okay
fine I don't see any dinosaurs come on
wait what the hell is this is it like a
prize Junior I think this is a nuclear
bomb they give out nuclear bombs as
prizes no why would they give a nuclear
bomb as a prize because Cheetos are the
bomb this is dangerous if this explodes
it can destroy your whole city you want
to play catch with it sure let's go all
right Cody go along I got it I got it
Cody you doofus why didn't you catch it
sorry Jenny you know my depth
perceptions off well thought to me what
quarter top what
what uh junior this nuke's gonna explode
let's go call the military come on yeah
Junior if this bomb goes off we're gonna
be toast another good toast burnt toast
and not even good burnt toast
radioactive burnt toast well it's
ringing hold on hello thank you for
calling the US military yes aliens are
real and a few questions not about
aliens what do you want okay so me and
my friends are eating a bag of Cheeto
puffs oh I love Cheeto puffs yummy yeah
they're really good and then I found a
Cheeto puff that looked like a
brontosaurus uh I don't actually know my
dinosaurs very well hold on let me look
that one up oh the long necky ones like
little foot from Land Before Time yeah I
love those guys yeah so I was gonna sell
that Cheeto puff on eBay for a lot of
money Junior get to the point tell them
about the bomb so then we started
pouring out bags of Cheetos on the
kitchen counter why were you doing that
see Cody he doesn't understand he's
confused he has to know the whole story
Junior just hurry up we need to tell him
about the bomb now we're gonna die okay
so look my friend ate the Cheeto puffer
like the Brontosaurus so I wanted to go
through bags of Cheetos to find another
Cheeto puff look like a brontosaurus and
then we found a nuclear bomb in the bag
of Cheetos hold on a minute this is a
prank call there's no way you found a
Cheeto puff that looks like a dinosaur
no no it's real I'm not pranking you
what hello he hung up Cody well of
course he did Junior your story was all
over the place it wasn't believable if
you just told him we found a nuke and a
bag of Chino pops he'd believe you
actually that does sound insane so Cody
why don't we just get in the car and
drive away before this thing blows up
Junior do you know how big this
explosion is gonna be we would never get
away in time even if we got a mile away
our eardrums was so rupture and our eyes
would melt okay so what do we do like
what do you think we should do well I
suggest we panic
we have a problem what's the matter sir
well when I was a kid my mom never gave
me braces so now people call me gap
teeth look oh yeah that's pretty bad sir
I'd get some Invisalign Invisalign I'll
keep that in mind oh yeah Sergeant we do
also have another problem see we were
trying to transport a nuclear bomb
hitting the bag of Cheetos Puffs and it
seems that bag made its way to a grocery
store somehow now we're worried somebody
might have bought it and the slightest
touch will set it off with a five minute
countdown to Boom time well that seems
pretty [ __ ] stupid sir oh it was it
was a terrible idea we should have hit
it in a bag of Funyuns or Sun Chips or
something people don't actually eat or
you could have just not hit it in a bag
of chips at all yes that would have been
even better I'll keep that in mind so
what do you need me to do sir I need you
to go to every store in America until
you find that bag of Cheetos Puffs oh
well actually some kids just called me
saying that they found a nuclear bomb in
a bag of Cheetos Puffs oh I'd follow up
on that that's probably it you should
call him back oh I can't call him back I
deleted my call history and broke my
phone because I thought it was a prank
call damn it God you need to find those
kids right now well how do I even
deactivate the bomb if I do find it Well
you got to play this game with Simon in
front of it if you beat four rounds the
bomb will deactivate hope you got a good
memory Sergeant okay okay I'm gonna go
Cody somebody called for Hail oh Chester
Cheeto actually Junior I think it's
Chester Cheetah because he's a cheetah
no my last name's actually Cheeto but I
am a cheetah man oh well never mind then
wait Chester Cheeto is there any way you
could die
we found in a bag of Cheetos can I
deactivate that nuclear bomb I invented
the nuclear bomb wait really yeah let me
tell you about it okay we'll make it
quick so I used to live at the zoo in
the cheetah exhibit my name was Chester
cheetopenheimer Cheeto for sure kids
loved looking at me man they throw
cheese in my enclosure and I would take
a cheese grater and make dust out of it
and that's how invented Cheetos the
president loved him so much he said
Chester these Cheetos are the bomb
speaking of bombs I need two Biggins so
I said right away Mr President and they
locked me in a room with all the Cheetos
I could eat and uranium and Albert
Einstein was there too for some reason
man so I made two atomic bombs I was in
the Enola Gay when they dropped the
first one I looked back and saw the
explosion that's how it went blind then
they dropped the second one and that
just made me sad so I've been snorting
Cheetos and being depressed ever since
man that was a really sad story Chester
but can you help us with this bomb
please I can't defuse that [ __ ] man then
why did you tell us that story I'm blind
what do you expect me to do man get the
hell out of here Chester junior he just
wasted so much of our time how much time
we have left we have 34 seconds Cody
okay kids I'm here I can Defuse The Bomb
what you can yeah but we got to play
Simon wait Simon yeah so dude play Simon
who's just win yeah yeah win four rounds
of Simon four rounds yes four rounds of
Simon okay
yeah SOLO blue
blue
green
what what the hell well I press that
little can I restart Junior I think
we're gonna die wait we're not gonna die
red
blue
[Applause]
what's that mean uh I I think that means
we're out of time so what's gonna happen
well I think it's gonna explain
I can't believe Junior actually thought
I ate that stupid Cheeto dude
oh man I saw that five million dollar
offer and I took it
[Music]