hey Nelly what do you call a nose it's
12 inches long what a foot
very funny Jeffy dang can you go in your
store
[Music]
are you saying Rubik's Cube no Aroma
Cube Jeffy it's pronounced Rubik's Cube
no it's Aroma Cube Marvin you know what
he means stop agitating him I want him
to say it right Rubik's Cube Rubik Cube
I'm not gonna buy it for you unless you
say it right it's Aroma Coop go buy me a
Rummikub Marvin just go to the store and
get it for him okay fine Jeffy I'm gonna
go buy you a Rubik's Cube
okay there's the Rubik's Cube that Jeffy
wanted
all right Jeffy here's your Rubik's Cube
guys that's not a rumaku that's not what
I wanted yes it is Jeffy
feed the cube you're just saying it
wrong I never said I wanted a Rubik's
Cube I want rubicube oh Marvin he said
Rubik's cube right wait so you're not
saying Rubik's Cube no I want Aroma Cube
what the hell is a rumaku you don't know
what Rubik Cube is no I'm gonna take you
to the store so you can show me great
all right Jeffy Show me show me what it
is that you wanted right here Daddy Ruma
Cube
rumacoom I thought you were saying
Rubik's Cube wrong why Daddy because I'm
slow yes so Jeffy that's what you want
right yep do you even know what it is
yeah it's the original rumor Coupe
brings people together classic okay I
get this for you not get anything else
okay all right Daddy
all right Jeffy let's go
more
squishy AF dang Ding Dang what Jeffy can
I have one of these no I'm already
getting you the Rubik whoa whoa choose
one Jeffy rumor Cube or whatever that is
Ruma Cube all right come on let's go
what is that Marvin Ruma Cube you mean
there's something actually called rumiku
I've never heard of it my entire life
see I told you guys I wasn't saying
Rubik's Cube Jeffy did you gain some
weight he says what I know you ain't
talking about my football with your ass
Jeffy it does look like you're getting
fatter it's called
it it's what's causing me to gain weight
or maybe I'm pregnant for when you
screwed me in the store and said I
couldn't get a second toy Jeffy language
I'm sorry mother I'm just going through
all these hormones as a teenager and
it's making me gain weight and I'm a
little bit tentative about it Jeffy do
you have something in your shirt strong
maybe let me see oh yeah birth Jeffy did
you steal this from Target no it jumped
in my shirt and ran away so you stole it
no Daddy you bought me that forever ago
baby did we buy this form a long time
ago I don't know Marvin he has so many
toys and you have a lot of toys too
Mommy I heard you playing with Buzz
Lightyear and Woody the other day
because I kept hearing Buzz Lightyear go
okay Jeffy so you promised me you didn't
steal this strong maybe Jeffy
um no I didn't steal it you bought me
that forever ago okay are you ready to
play Rummikub honestly Daddy I don't
know what Ruma cube is I just heard
someone talk about the other day I said
I want that and now that I see it I
don't want that I'm actually gonna go
two on this in my room
baby do you want to play rumaku okay
Marvin
it's so squishy and soft I'll lay on it
oh this would be so amazing if I could
have my entire bed covered in these oh
if I could go back to the store and get
enough of them to cover my entire bed
that would be so
baby daddy we gotta go back to the store
so baby how do we play this game I don't
know Marvin I just followed the pictures
we have to go back to Target right now
why we uh we we we don't have Cheerios
yes we do downstairs no we don't yes we
do
come on
I'll show you come on look Jeffy there's
Cheerios right there that box is empty
no it's not check
it's barely full no Jeffy there's so
many Cheerios in there well those are
stale no they're not just eat them
Jimmy what are you doing whoops I need
to go to Target all right Duffy we'll go
get your new Cheerios come on
no Jeffy no we're going to the cereal
out no toys all right Daddy give me one
second
hmm what kind of Cheerios does Jeffy
like all right Daddy I'm ready to go
what kind of Cheers do you like Jeffy oh
it doesn't matter I'm ready to go okay
I'll just grab these all right all right
Jeffy there's your Cheerios go eat them
oh I'm not really hungry right now Daddy
I'm actually kind of full what Jeffy do
you have something under your shirt
again no this is my belly I just didn't
shaved today oh birth Jeffy did you
steal this one Daddy I am not a thief
and I'm getting tired of you accusing me
of stealing things you bought me this
forever ago then why was it under your
shirt because I like the way it feels on
my nipples there I said it is that what
you wanted to hear Daddy my potty mouth
it just seems weird that it keeps being
under your shirt well leave me be
something weird's going on
squishy
oh this is the wife now if I could just
get like one two three fifty more then
that would be complete my entire
collection on my bed but I can't fit 50
of them underneath my shirt I can only
fit one at a time so I have to take a
lot more trips back to Target
hey Daddy smell my breath oh Jesus
Christ Jeffy watch your breath like
don't tell anyone Danny but I got a
chocolate factory in my pants and just
keep producing chocolate yummy you've
been eating your own poop Jeffy oh my
God you have to go brush your teeth
Jeffy why don't we brush my teeth Daddy
but I don't have any toothpaste you have
toothpastes in the bathroom well I took
that toothpaste and I squeezed it all in
the toilet why because the toilet
smelled bad and I was trying to clean it
I wanted it to smell like mints you did
not do that Jeffy I did Daddy I'm a
stinker oh my God I'm a little chick
huh you really poured all the toothpaste
in the toilet yeah that or we got a
Smurf in our toilets but you might
want to call the police if that's the
case now we're all out of toothpaste
darn looks like we need to go to Target
oh come on Jeffy
no Jeffy no toys we're only here for
toothpaste okay damn me over there in a
minute
hey you like squishmallows huh yep I see
you lifting your shirt up you're trying
to rub your weiner on it because uh
between me and you it feels pretty good
but anyway yeah these things are really
popular I mean they sound like hotcakes
we just can't keep them on the Shelf
yeah okay well you have a good day all
right Jeffy here's your toothpaste go
brush your teeth all right I'll get
right on that Jeffy what is that it's my
big rainbow winner no Jeffy it's one of
those stuffed animal things don't do
that Daddy I might spit Jeffy Jeffy did
you steal this from the store no Dave's
my package I was born with it I'm a
shower not a grower Jeff you keep coming
up with new ones where are you getting
these from these are mine that I've
always had you bought all of these for
me forever ago Jeffy go brush your teeth
all right Daddy no you gotta grab the
toothpaste Jeffy I'll use the toothpaste
that's in the toilet
hell yeah now we're cooking squish
squish squish this is actually gonna
take a while Montage time daddy we ran
out of toilet paper Target
daddy Target
[Music]
I did it my whole bed's covered in
squishmallows
[Music]
oh man baby I'm so tired I'm sure Marvin
you've been to Target like 30 times
tonight well Jeffy kept asking for stuff
I know Marvin just make a list before
you go next time
Target guy what are you doing here yeah
that's me I'm mad how long were you here
for long enough where's your son I need
to talk to him he's in his room I think
well he's about to be in jail because
he's been shoplifting from my target
what shop lovely what he shoplift we had
an entire aisle of squishmallows and I
thought there was something like
hotcakes and then I go to look at the
sales record and it turns out we haven't
sold any at all because your son has
been stuffing them in his shirt and
walking out the door I knew he was doing
that that's why you kept bringing him
back to Target what no he was
distracting me by asking for single
items at a time okay yeah well your
son's going to jail oh don't though you
don't have to arrest them how about I
just pay for them okay yeah that'll be a
thousand dollars a thousand dollars for
stuffed animals well look man I don't
make the trends in the 80s it was beanie
babies in the 90s it was Furbies now
with squishmallows it's what people want
I'm not gonna pay a thousand dollars for
stuffed animals well we also accept
ducks
we accept ducks and we accept goats you
can pay in livestock we use the barter
system at Target I can pay with live
animals yeah if you got live animals you
can play with that they actually do that
at Target look it up you can actually
pay with live animals at Target go ahead
I'll give you a second to Google it
you idiot why would you actually believe
that have you ever seen a duck at Target
no where would they even put them come
on come on do better I mean think about
that that's stupid right if you fell for
that subscribe if you didn't fall for it
like actually you know what go ahead and
do both it's it's January we're starving
over here
so listen how about we just return them
no no no that's that's not gonna work
see people do unspeakable things to
squishmallows like they they rub their
wiener on them not not me like I would I
would never do that but like people who
have done it say that it feels really
good but I wouldn't know because I I
haven't I haven't done that so like you
can't return them though because nobody
wants a wiener mellow okay listen I'm
sure Jeffy hasn't done that to him yet
so how about we go check them okay we
can check them but I'm gonna smell them
and if I smell weiner you owe me a
thousand dollars okay look at all these
squishmallows oh God I'm so mad I mean I
knew he stole them but see them all here
like this God makes me so mad why is
your face look like that cause I'm mad
this is my mad face I make what I'm
really making Japanese are you we're
here Jeffy did you steal all these
squish Mellows liar I see them all right
here Jeffy we know you stolen why'd you
steal them because I wanted them can you
smell them and make sure they don't
smell like wiener oh yeah no wiener okay
no wiener wiener and poo poo when I see
the poo poo right here Jeffy did you
wipe your butt with this oh
why because you felt good on my ass
crack Jeffy you're supposed to use
toilet paper well this is better than
toilet paper have you ever seen those
toilet paper commercials they're called
Charmin ain't a big bear and he has
crusty crumbs on his butthole oh yeah
I've seen those those are weird like the
Papa Bears get a poopy butthole so the
baby bear has to be like hey you idiot
you Charmin instead so the papa bear can
wipe his butt good
it's weird okay so all the other ones
don't smell like wiener right no I think
they're fine they even got the tags on
them so the only one I have to pay for
is this one how much is this one it's
like 40 bucks or one pigeon I don't have
live animals to pay with all right 40
bucks it is though okay so I'll pay you
the 40 bucks for this one now I just
need to give this on the stern talking
to about stealing hey stealing is wrong
you know if you steal again we're gonna
cut your hand off like they almost did
an aladdin you got it yeah that's right
all right now load these into my car my
wiener is so itchy all right Jeffy let's
start loading these in the cards you
learned your lesson today
um I think so what was it
um don't steal and only use these to
wipe your butt no
[Music]