so Joseph what do you want to do today I
don't know dude you want to play a board
game sure but all I have is sorry oh
yeah sorry it's all right dude guys guys
me and Timmy just had a great idea
that'll make us rich why are you hanging
out with Timmy uh uh we were at my house
practicing our vocals yeah in his closet
yeah he's really good with his mouth for
singing I show him oh my God on the spot
okay okay
um the wheels on the bus go round and
round whoa he's actually pretty good for
a white boy so what's your idea I was
thinking we should start a boy band like
the Backstreet Boys are in sync or One
Direction wait Cody we already started a
rock band called Lizard goods are good
yeah but that's a rock band this is a
boy band we like dancing [ __ ] well he's
right dude boy bands do pull a lot of
girls you're telling me I could have a
lot of girls all over me wait Junior
aren't you already dating Penelope yes I
have a girlfriend but famous people are
allowed to cheat on their girlfriends
okay I didn't know that well I was just
gonna do it for the boys yeah me too the
boys except I'm not gay though yeah sure
okay yeah I'll join a boy band so what's
the name of the band gonna be I was
thinking we could call ourselves the
Joan ass Brothers Ooh or instinct or one
erection oh my God I love that but what
about the back door boys oh I love that
back door boys that's the one you know
what
so Junior you're gonna join our boy band
uh uh I mean it's either that or we play
Sorry
sure I'll join all right let's go to the
stew all right guys come out let's get
to cooking I thought we were recording a
song no no Timmy cooking is what people
call making music oh in that case we
should totally make a chicken alfredo
how about we just make a song Danny yeah
guys let's record a song so every hit
song is something that people can relate
to so let's make girls feel good oh yeah
that sounds really hatero yeah Junior I
think it's got to be Wicked gay ooh what
if it started something like this you
you got the key to my heart you do
you do I never ever want to lose you
lose you oh I love that yeah that's good
and then it could be like I wanna lick
you where you poo poo poo poo oh my God
so hot yeah right I mean I I guess that
can be kind of straight all right guys
let's record the song you know what
let's just record the music video Let's
improv everything yeah let's do it all
right let's go
out to all the single boys in the world
and girls but mostly boys
I want to lose you lose
so big put me in a trance like a
baseball bat at first glance damn booty
so big gotta be implanted ass back boy
Make Me Dance I thought they were him
like we in France this ain't no ordinary
Bromance finish too fast need another
chance
without you I want to make you wear you
boys making some noise
[Music]
oh my God we sound so amazing guys we're
gonna be huge we're gonna be bigger than
Justin Bieber yes and Taylor Swift whoa
that is where I draw the line mister I
am a total Swifty guys you don't want to
you know re-record the song and just
straighten up the vocals oh what's wrong
with the vocals they just sound a little
gay Junior look this song is gonna have
me neck deep and chode and you're going
to be lapping up muff like a dog
drinking water out of a bowl oh that
part yeah that's what I'm gonna be doing
me too woof I guess so just release the
song oh I already uploaded it but do you
think everybody in the world has heard
it yet maybe
[Music]
okay guys let's check the news breaking
breaking a scarecrow is winning an
outstanding Achievement Award for being
outstanding in his field but hey it's in
his jeans oh I guess our song was too
weird for people to listen to it but
that doesn't make any sense it was a Bop
you know what check Yahoo news Okay
Yahoo news oh my God we made the front
cover of Yahoo news only the most famous
people get on Yahoo News we're famous I
know right I've seen Kim K on there like
12 times hold on guys my phone's ringing
hello Junior
Yahoo news you're part of the back door
boys well not like a big part of it I
think I should have been on the left
side your song
one it's
really you
are so hot really why do you sound so
excited Junior well I I don't sound
excited I just thought it was kind of
cool your friends thought I was hot you
know what I
don't know more if you're doing it to
get
stop doing it to get other girls famous
people can cheat on their girlfriends
what Junior you better not make your
music with that group okay fine I won't
sorry guys I can't be a part of the homo
boys anymore no
no you we're the back door boys yeah
three back doors is way better than two
oh guys my girlfriend said I can't who's
at the door let's answer it together
okay hello hey there I'm Talon agent
walking Target on my back Steve stale
burger what are you doing here are you
kids are the back door boys and I'm the
front door man with the front door plan
and a suitcase full of cash I'd like to
cut it his jib Junior he's got a
well-cut jib he is very handsome wait
wait explain what's going on well the
song you boys main is huge I tell you
huge so I want to give you 500 000 to
make a new song and sign with my record
label and become slaves to corporate
greed well the thing is my girlfriend
just told me I can't make any more music
ah phooey I got I'll find a gay group of
kids to give this money to no no no no I
want the money we'll do it we'll do it I
knew I'd get you with the money okay
just give me a few dollars no no you got
to make the song first come on guys
let's go back to the stew okay guys
let's hurry up and record this song and
can we please make it straight this time
okay A little straight got it isn't
Penelope gonna be mad she won't be mad
when I show her 500 000 in cash you're
not getting all five hundred thousand
dollars yeah we have to split it she
won't be mad when I show her 250 000 in
cash you're not getting half either we
have to split it three ways I don't know
what the number is split three ways well
that would come out to us each getting
about 166 000. I would only get 100
well actually after taxes it's more like
a hundred and four thousand you're
telling me
telling me it's still pretty good it's
104 000 more than you would have had
otherwise
okay fine I'll record the song but only
if it's straight yeah we'll make it
super straight so what should our next
song be about I get one word Cowboys
[Music]
hey Cody why don't you come over here
and be my little horsey
on my way ride it like a horsey boy okay
ride it like a horsey boy okay ride it
like a horsey boy okay ready Like a
Horsey boy okay get on top turn it
around reverse cowboy I'm going to town
like a pig in the mud I'm rolling around
swimming in the booty
to be my gay cowboys
[Music]
hit me so hard make my ass cheeks rattle
Hit Me Harder daddy you know I won't
cattle hop on my horse so I can't get at
them where are you going baby the fun
just started don't think that smell is
because I just farted you know I'm like
Moses because your cheeks just farted if
you leave me I'll be brokenhearted okay
guys now I'm done I want to leave the
band what come on Junior you didn't even
sing your part yeah you totally choked
and not in a good way I just can't do it
I can't sing this song the lyrics are
too gay what do you mean it's not gay
it's about Cowboys you literally said
Smack My Ass make it rattle well yeah I
was talking about the horse you know
when you're riding a horse you smack its
butt to make it go faster what about the
part where you said ride it like a
horsey boy I I was talking to the Cowboy
and telling him to ride the horsey what
about the part where you literally said
I want you to be my gay cowboy Oh my God
Jason happy like a happy cowboy Oh
that's not what I meant at all I meant
like straight up homosexual Cowboy see
that's why I want to leave so I just I'm
just gonna leave well you're not gonna
get paid for this song or just pay me
from the first song it was a number one
hit well we didn't make any money off
the first song we uploaded it for free
on a non-monetized channel oh well I
guess this chapter of my life is over
because I'm done oh well so we finished
the music video well yeah write it Lego
horsey boy hey Junior we got our cash
yeah it's a shame you had to leave him
with Andre TWA Jr yeah you know I wish I
could have stayed but I just didn't want
to leave a really bad digital footprint
out there Junior you've said the n-word
before yeah I know I just wanted to pick
a path and I chose that one I just
didn't want two bad things out there so
I'm kind of glad I left what are you
gonna spend your money on oh probably
spend it on my Harvard tuition ooh I'm
gonna buy a pony like a real pony God
damn it Timmy oh my God that's my father
I need to straighten up tell me what's
this pickle looking [ __ ] I heard on the
radio uh it's for a school project
father no sorry Bob you're one step away
from conversion Camp there mister so you
take your Fruity Pebble Flintstone ass
on home and Yabba dab and do your
homework can I at least say bye to my
friends first no go home and read your
Bible Leviticus 18 22 read it over and
over and over again and ride it a
thousand times and put it on the
refrigerator let me have a word with you
kids stop trying to turn my son into a
home okay stop trying to make him eat
Skittles and taste the rainbow and [ __ ]
I don't think your son needs any help
stop it zip it knock it off okay well we
were making money off the song I don't
care about your chump change and also
why is my Hungry Hungry Hippo sticky
what leave him alone
yeah
can I can I have Timmy's half of the
money since his dad didn't want it sure
I don't give a [ __ ]
[Music]