all right across today we're going to be
doing a kiss quiz I'll ask you a
question and the first student to get
the answer right we'll get a Hershey
Kiss yeah when I saw the boy take his
quiz I thought we were gonna practice
making out with each other and Junior
was going to be my partner no my
partner's gonna be Penelope no way
Junior dude we're always Partners what
are you talking about I want to kiss
Penelope guys it's not even about
kissing but I bet I can answer more
questions than you Vanellope no way four
eyes but you also wear glasses show up
cross all right first question who
invented the telephone Alexander
here's your kiss I got the first kiss
Cody yeah I'm gonna get the next one all
right next question cross how many stars
are on the original American front 13
 all right Cody here's your kiss
look at my kiss oh let me get in there
all right next question what was Abraham
Lincoln's nickname oh I got this the
free the slave man no Honest Abe that
was George Washington no that's honest
George I know you're thinking of Curious
George correct Junior here's your kiss
ooh a kiss all right next question
man I have so many kisses well I have
more kisses and some of mine had nuts in
them mine have nuts too well I don't
have any nuts in mine wait a minute this
isn't fair teacher I haven't gotten any
kisses all right Jeffy since you don't
have a kiss yet I'll give you a chance
to win the last one and this question is
only for you so you're the only one
allowed to answer it what year did the
War of 1812 happen now this is a trick
question what year did the War of 1812
happen
1812 take away the four out of six
2004. screw it here you go
yummy Holy Cross that does it for today
go home and enjoy your kisses hey hey
Jeffy how was school it was great daddy
the teacher gave me a kiss right here
what yeah I answered the question right
so he gave me a kiss right here
hold on Jeffy this is a very serious
crime you're accusing your teacher of
are you sure he gave you a kiss yeah he
gave me a kiss and he gave everyone out
in the classic kiss when they answered
the question Ryan are there any girls in
your class Jeffy yeah Mommy this one
girl got a bunch of kisses from the
teacher I'm calling the cops right now
hold on hey there somebody called the
whoop whoop that's the sound of the
police
we did oh good so what's going on well
we want to report a very serious crime
oh no is somebody giving away toasters
for outrageously low prices no oh well
my wife says we need a toaster and I
thought maybe you would know where I
could get a cheap toaster well my son
came home from school today and he says
that his teacher gave him a kiss in his
private area whoa whoa kid is this true
yeah he gave me a kiss right here oh my
God we are dealing with a very serious
Predator here are you sure yeah I'm
positive he gave everyone into class
kisses oh oh my God okay wait wait a
minute aren't you in the same class as
my daughter who's your daughter Penelope
oh yeah she got the most kisses with
nuts oh oh Jesus oh God no my poor baby
it's gonna be okay well I have to go
call I have to call her what do you want
Dad okay Penelope this is very important
did your teacher give you a kiss in
class today yeah he gave me a bunch of
them oh oh God no it's true oh okay
that's it I'm gonna go arrest him right
now
order order
today order we will be hearing the case
of the school teacher Jackie Chu who is
accused of giving kisses to his students
look
prosecutor tell me what's going on order
well your honor I'm here today
representing all of the kids who got a
kiss from the teacher my daughter is one
of them Penelope tell the judge what
happened to you um well today in class
we had a piss quiz and every time we
answered a question right the teacher
would give us kisses and sometimes they
had nuts oh God my poor baby oh oh Jesus
Oh Mr Chew you are being accused of a
most heinous crime is any of this
accurate to what actually happened yes
it is all true we had a quiz and if the
student answers the question right I
give them a kiss and sometimes with nuts
you're a monster
order Mr Shoe you are a very sick man
now tell me how many students did he
give kisses to well your honor five
students so far that we know of
and that is a lot of children Mr Chu
what made you think it was appropriate
to do such a thing to Children causing
them years of psychological art I
thought I would give them an incentive
to what to learn because every time they
got the question right they'd be like
Jackie Chu give me a kiss give me a kiss
so I kept giving out kisses and
sometimes they'd say give me someone
nuts so then I'd give kisses with nuts
in it and so I just kept giving kisses
and nuts as your attorney I would advise
you to stop talking Mr Chu I am sensing
No Remorse for your actions just handing
out kisses as if they were candy exactly
uh you run at me I have a moment with my
client please now listen here you
practically just admitted guilt we're
screwed but I didn't do anything wrong
all I did was give the kids kisses the
kids like the kisses oh I never should
have become a public defender Mr Chu
and then another one of the victims uh
Cody can you come in here please yeah
what's up uh the judge wants to ask you
a few questions
man man how many kisses did you receive
from Mr Chew oh I received a lot of
kisses but that's because I'm smart I
received more kisses than you Cody yeah
well that's probably because you're a
girl and he felt bad for you no and at
least mine had more nuts oh no I
definitely had more nuts no you didn't
oh God
Mr Chew I know this is going to be a
very graphic to ask but how did you
select which students received nuts with
their kiss it was random whatever my
hand decided to pull out oh Jesus Christ
Mr Chew I am already planning on giving
you the death penalty but just to be
sure be unreasonable doubt prosecutor
send in one more victim Jeffy can you
come in here please hey everybody what
doing now Jeffy is it true that you
received a kiss from Mr Chu I did and
how many kisses did you receive just one
now that's interesting Penelope you'll
receive multiple kisses right yeah and
Cody you received multiple kisses yeah
but Jeffy you only received one kiss
yeah I think it was your pity kiss
because everyone else is smarter than me
and so they were just getting more and
more kisses and so I think the teacher
felt bad so he gave me a kiss Mr Chew we
have now heard from three of your
victims
do you feel bad at all for what you've
done no I don't regret anything I've
been giving the kids in my crashes
kisses for you the kids are open kisses
they especially love the kisses with the
nuts in big nut kiss I quit that's it
you're on a fry this son of a I
don't know what I'd be wrong Mr Shoe you
are clearly unable to tell right from
wrong since you do not see what you did
wrong and that makes you a danger to
society
prosecutor let me hear your closing
statements before I bang this gavel as
hard as I can and yield guilty at the
top of my lungs your honor I'm a father
not a very good one but I am a father so
today when my daughter came home from
school and said Daddy Daddy I got the
most kisses from the teacher I just
couldn't believe it well I don't think
that's true I think I actually get the
most kisses shut up Cody it's not a
contest kids what happened to you today
was wrong that man is sick well I mean I
guess it wasn't good to have that many
kisses before lunch I thought they were
sweet at least nuts have protein oh
Jesus your honor we're dealing with some
serious Ted Bundy this man is sick
and the fact that he's been doing it for
this many years and the kids are just
now coming forward there's no telling
how many lives he's ruined your honor
I'm begging you bang that gavel bang the
 out of that gavel and send this man
to the electric chair where he belongs I
died
Mr Chew guilty that is what you are I
sentence you to death by electric chair
no by two electric chairs no buy an
entire electric bed with an electric
toothbrush before you go to the electric
bed and then electric pillows and
electric sheets in an electric bedtime
story yes you will be killed by Electric
bed and bedtime story tomorrow at
midnight pay-per-view
49.95 then all of the money will go to
the victims families
guilty yes justice honey we got Justice
what the hell is happening why is he
gonna die for giving us kisses you're
too young to understand but someday you
will come on kids oh no come on you you
monster isn't this silly folks I was
just the lawyer and now I'm the bailiff
isn't TV silly come on let's get you to
yourself
all right class my name is Brooklyn guy
I'm gonna be a new teacher since your
last teacher was a monster and now he's
gonna die so I'm gonna be teaching you
until we can find a better replacement
are you gonna give us kisses when we get
questions right no no no no no no kids
what he did to you was wrong okay
there's not gonna be any more kisses you
kids are gonna need therapy to get over
there but I see some kisses on the desk
right there what are you talking about
what huh
but Hershey's Kisses almond oh no oh no
okay class what was your teacher giving
you these kisses or kisses with his
mouth the candy Dad yeah the candy yeah
I wish it was with his mouth oh dear God
kids we're about to kill an innocent man
I have to go
any last words before we fry them I
didn't know it was wrong to give kids
kisses wait wait wait wait wait don't
don't pull it don't pull it Mr Chew I
have a question for you what kind of
kisses were you giving the students
sometimes they had nuts and sometimes
they didn't have nuts no no I know that
but like what did the kisses look like
they were little chocolate candies with
aluminum foil wrapped around them oh my
god oh get them out of there I'm an
idiot
[Music]
thank you
[Music]