so guys you ready to play laser X Ultra
laser tag oh yeah dude I'm ready to
shoot some stuff
up guys I'm the best at laser X Ultra
laser tag no you're not Cody we just got
it today we haven't even opened it I
know I was just lying to seem cool
that's right now shut up so let's open
up this box and play it guys oh yeah
dude hold on guys I'm getting a call
from my mommy hello Cody you forgot to
do your chores this morning come home
and do them now oh sorry well can't I
just do them tomorrow no Cody What If
Tomorrow Never Comes what if the sun
explodes okay well first of all if the
Sun explodes and the chores won't matter
and also our sun's not going to explode
because it's a yellow dwarf in a few
billion years it's going to expand into
a red giant and then after that it's
just going to turn into a white dwarf
okay smarty pants you spent all your
time learning about stars instead of
learning the vegetables what Mom I
already know my vegetables okay then
name the green one mom a lot of
vegetables are green broccoli Cody the
green one is broccoli mom there are
other green vegetables and you couldn't
name a single one now come home and do
your chores or I'm going to throw away
all your Laffy Taffy not my Laffy Taffy
oh okay stupid sometimes I just
want to kill my mom I feel you bro I
wish I had two hot gay dads that would
make out all the time and that's where
you lost me all right guys I'm going to
go home and do some stuff uh don't play
laser tag without me but Cody now we
have to wait on him a man I want to play
laser X Ultra that's so stupid let's
just watch TV until he gets back Jeffy
is only on sale for a little while might
as well go and buy one only on sale for
a limited time might as well buy aund by
jeffy's
you right
now by Jeff
you right
now hey everyone there's a Jeffy you's
on sale for a limited time only so go
buy one and enjoy it thank
you breaking news a serial killer is on
the loose murderer women a lot of
women's bodies have been found around
town and there are currently no leads or
Persons of Interest oh dud a serial
killer no way that's crazy I didn't know
this existed anymore oh dude that's a
movie yeah it really is hey look Joseph
we're serial killers because we're
killing cereal you yourself yeah it's
insane wait you know what's really sad
there's someone out they're getting
brutally murdered and we're sitting on
the couch and we
Munch like wow like in back really like
I didn't understand a single thing you
said Joseph me too hey hey guys I'm back
let's play laser tag Cody why do you
have a shovel oh I had to do some chores
you like look crazy oh yeah well my mom
wanted me to get rid of this wasp nest
and I had this bottle of wasp spray but
then I was about to spray it and then
the WASP came right at my face so I
swatted at it and then my glasses fell
off so then I tried to spray the WASP
but then I was holding the bottle
backward so I sprayed myself in the eyes
so then I'm running around cuz my eyes
hurt I'm getting stung by wasps and I
step on a cat's tail and it starts
scratching me all over my body and then
my mom wanted me to dig up this Old Time
Capsule her parents buried back in the
'90s and I tried to tell her it's not
going to be there because we don't live
in the same address as you did when you
were a kid but she wouldn't listen so I
had to dig up the whole yard and
obviously I didn't find it so I've just
had a hell of a day you guys eating
Lucky Charms yeah we were watching the
news there's a serial killer going
around killing women oh that's crazy
like dead Bundy wait that's crazy that
you know another serial killer that
would kill women well I mean he's he's
pretty popular and it's even crazier
that you have a shovel dude yeah well I
explained the Time Capsule thing right I
don't know it's just a convenient story
though yeah it's really weird you also
said right before you left that you
wanted to kill your mom and you weren't
gone that long mhm wait you guys don't
think I killed my mom yeah see kind of
you have a shovel you're covered in
scratches like someone was fighting back
no this is from the chores your eyes are
holding secrets that you can't tell dude
yeah you have some crazy look in your
eyes well no guys I I told you what
happened so if you called your mom right
now she'd answer well yeah but please
don't make me she's going to make me go
look for the Time Capsule again I think
you should your mom want to call that
okay fine I'll get my phone okay I'm
calling my mom put it on speaker so we
can hear okay yeah wait Dad wait Cody
what the hell you want where's Mom I
don't know the last time I saw her she
was outside with you yeah yeah she
wanted to show me a wasp nest and show
me where the time Caple was buried look
I don't know anything about all that I'm
just sitting here with my dick hard
waiting on my cheese pizza to come bro
uh okay uh well can you please go find
Mom but look I'm not getting out this
damn shower I'm busy wait shower I don't
hear the shower running because you know
how much water is Cody I'm not wasting
no damn water wait so you're just
standing in the shower naked waiting for
a cheese pizza did you not hear me when
I said my dick was hard no I heard that
I was just glossing over it cuz I didn't
want to think about it well my dick is
hard and I'm waiting on my cheese pizza
to come no I got that okay but wait why
do you have Mom's phone because she
likes when I make little videos for you
know surprise kind of like a little peep
show ew okay look if if you find mom can
you please just have her call me yeah
but it's going to be a little minute and
I'm going to be busy in here until my
pizza get yeah okay thank you look guys
my mom's not dead it's just weird she
didn't answer the phone Cody well you
heard him he's standing in the shower
naked with his dick hard waiting for a
cheese pizza he's crazy it sounds like
you killed your mom you told your dad to
cover for you with that story but you
think I came up with that nobody could
come up with that I'm surprised we did
it's just really weird Cody because you
said you wanted to kill your mom your
mom's not answering your dad has not
seen your mom since you were there I
didn't murder my mom H what if we're
next Joseph I don't want to be next dude
wait you said he only kills women right
who the serial killer I didn't even
think you were that serial killer I
thought you were your own killer I
didn't now I think you're that serial
killer no I'm not any kind of killer
well you just brought up that you only
kill women no I don't kill women I don't
kill anybody I don't know something's
weird yeah something's uh cuz you had a
shovel and your mom's missing and I mean
I don't know maybe your dad killed your
mom maybe but I didn't wait so your mom
is dead no she's not dead that's weird
he would yeah he would have said my
mom's not dead he said maybe no she's
not dead I don't think I I I didn't kill
anybody okay H just wait right here
Joseph no dude I don't want to die well
you say you only kill women right I
don't kill women so Joseph you're
safe not a killer Junior why' you have
me come over here so fast and what's
with the knife well we need four players
for our laser X Ultra laser tag game
Junior that's a two-player game damn it
it's only two players how are we all
going to play back up penel you don't
want to be a woman around Cody when he's
mad what are you talking about they
think I'm a serial killer oh that's why
you have the cereal and the knife no
actually it's cuz he killed his mama I
didn't kill my mom then why' your dad
answer your mom's phone and he couldn't
find your mom my dad wouldn't look for
her cuz she's dead as hell she's not
dead oh yeah then where didd you bury
her I don't know I mean I mean I didn't
bury her she he doesn't know where he
buried he forgot where he buried her oh
my God guys I didn't kill my mom okay
come on Joseph let's go to Target and
buy another laser X Ultra so we can have
two more controllers so Penelope you're
going to be here alone with Cody oh and
Cody there's a knife right here okay so
you can cut your lucky charm
marshmallows in half cuz they're too big
for you to swallow I don't have a
problem swallowing marshmallows come on
Joseph so how are you today well I've
had better days well why do you look
like that I got scratched by a
cat um what Junior God damn it what are
they doing they're waiting for me to
kill you uh please don't I'm not going
to they just think I will well can I
have some cereal sure no but helpi he
might have poisoned it but how would I
have poisoned it you had was spray that
you were trying to kill was with maybe
you sprayed all over the cereal so you
can kill Penelope I didn't even kill the
WASP with the spray I got it my own eyes
very suspicious Cody very suspicious
listen penel he's a serial killer you
should probably want to go because he
kills women I don't kill anybody what
there's the
news breaking news another dead woman's
body has been found but this time it was
burned beyond recognition you sick son
of a burn beyond recognition you
let your own mom on fire I didn't light
my mom on fire then who did I don't know
so she is lit on fire no dude we're
dealing with a different type of animal
yeah crazy just psychotic man right here
a mastermind of crime yeah literally
just not mentally all there I didn't
kill my mom so you're telling me right
now that that body on the news is not
your mom I mean okay there is a very
very and I'm talking an impossibly small
chance that that might be my mom I like
when the truth slowly starts to come out
just pull it out of yeah when you
interrogate a murder they just want to
give you bread but it's not my mom okay
how do you know well I I guess I don't
know for sure but it's not her okay so I
I like how there's a woman out there
murdered that might be your mom and
you're not running home looking for her
you're not calling your mom or dad again
well that's because I don't think it's
her just emotionally numb dude yeah you
just have no emotions or feeling or
worry in the world oh I have emotions
you're pissing me off well there's a
woman right here and I kind of want to
be single what here's a knife what you
guys sound more psychotic than I do
you're the one who may or may not be a
mom killer and we you just want to know
I'm not going to I didn't I didn't kill
anyone okay why why I kill your
girlfriend too God damn that's weird he
just wanted to kill you no I said I'm
not going to kill her I said I'm not
going to back back up that I wouldn't do
it I'll protect you baby you want me to
do it I'm not going to do it he's just
talking to himself he has voices oh he's
losing it dude yeah I'm going to go make
a phone call I'm going to go order a
pizza wait don't call the if you call
the cops I'm going to be pissed I said
I'm ordering a pizza you're so you're so
like worried oh bro he's on air yeah you
really keep you keep thinking people are
going to call the cops on you no one's
calling the cops on you buddy you're so
paranoid only a murderer would be that
paranoid I'm going to go order a pizza
he's calling the cops hey there somebody
call the cops God damn it Junior I knew
you called the cops Dad I'm scared so
you're the guy who's been going around
killing women huh no I didn't then what
are those scratches from I got scratched
by a cat he doesn't even have a pet cat
it was a stray well I would arrest him
for lying okay well I'd like to arrest
him but I don't have enough evidence cuz
I'm already supposed to be on
administrative leave cuz I tried to
arrest Tyreek hill before his football
game yeah I had the Jaguars money line I
was trying to make some cash off of it
anyway I can't arrest him unless I have
enough evidence well he did have a muddy
shovel that's suspicious I was trying to
dig up a time capsule that sounds like a
lie he did say he wanted to murder his
mom because of he didn't want to do his
chores but I didn't though yeah that is
pretty suspicious and then I told him to
call his mom to prove she was alive his
dad answered with his dig okay but he
was he was waiting for a cheese pizza
okay well I don't get that excited over
a cheese pizza I might pop half a chub
over some pepperoni though but that is
pretty weird yeah so I think it's weird
that he was like saying he wanted to
kill his mom now his mom's missing and
then they found found a dead body on the
news I think Cody's guilty okay well kid
you're going to be under arrest at least
until we find the real killer but no
that's Junior I'm going to kill
you look he's going to start killing men
now everyone no one's safe well at least
that scummy scumbags off the street
finally his phone's ringing hello hey
there can I speak to codyy who's this
this is Cody's
mother uh aren't you supposed to be dead
oh yeah I agree with my long history of
drug use I didn't think I'd make it to
the of 30 but I did can I talk to Cody
um he just got arrested oh well when he
gets out of that little jail you tell
him he's
grounded okay well he tried calling you
earlier oh yeah I went to the store to
buy him a book about vegetables you know
Cody doesn't know his vegetables he
doesn't even know what broccoli is
that's that is crazy yeah so did your
husband ever get his cheese pizza oh
yeah he sure did is he still hard oh
yeah he is well I'll let Cody know you
called who was that Junior some wrong
number caller someone who calls wrong
numbers all the time
[Music]