[Music]
dude I love the Blue Angel I know me
too Junior I want to play I only have
two Blue Angels but there's six Blue
Angels Junior well my dad could only
afford two of them for Christmas so
you're going to have to wait for me and
Joseph to get done
playing oh dude I guess there's only one
Blue Angel Junior this is boring I'm
going to go home and watch Netflix okay
bye ew dude what the heck freaking
disgusting making out with your girl in
front of your homeboy it was just a kiss
n dude I totally saw a tongue that was
gross it was spitting everything oh you
don't even say goodbye to me like that
hey guys hey Cody what took you so long
to come over oh sorry my mom's been
making me hang out with my new
neighbor's daughter Tina she's
homeschooled so she doesn't get out much
oh God what's that smell smells like Red
Lobster yeah her pH balances off she
only takes a shower once a week because
she's homeschooled say hi Tina hi ooh
she kind of bad though and like a
dumpster div and gross as hell kind of
way yeah she's like a dirty nasty [ __ ]
yeah nasty as hell quarter chub quarter
chub quar chub quarter chub so Tina
what's your dad do for work I don't have
a dad half chub half chub half chub half
chub Tina how many guys have you kissed
in your life I don't know I lost count
full chub full chub full chub full chub
guys stop chubbing over Tina Cody you
can't control the chub the chub has a
mind of its own yeah It Wants What It
Wants bro Cody your friend with the red
hair is hot she doesn't even know her
colors huge chub massive chub well
Junior here already has a girlfriend
that's a shame the things I would do to
him I don't have a girlfriend Cody what
are you talking about get a [ __ ] block
you do you're dating Penelope no me and
Penelope just broke up today well I just
saw her leave yeah she left in tears cuz
I left her yeah that bit for the streets
yeah that [ __ ] pan pizza mhm what yeah
you call a girl pan pizza when she a ho
now yeah everybody get a slice you know
that yeah everyone gets a turn cuz it's
pan pizza you did not break up with
Penelope yes I did I promise I swear to
God okay then I'll call her in check uh
Cody come here come come here me and
Penelope didn't break up I know I just
think your friend's hot I know so can I
cheat on Penelope no why not I'm not
going to let you cheat on Penelope okay
fine I won't cheat on Penelope
can I can you go downstairs and grab me
a zero sugar star why I can't think of a
worse beverage I just want to drink
something that will piss me off okay if
you really want that I'll get it dude do
you really drink zero sugar stari no I
just don't I don't have it but it's
distract him downstairs so I can chat on
pelie I like that that's a genius's idea
so Joseph should I cheat on penel of
course bro what kind of question is that
dude we're dogs look occasionally we
stray but we always come back home you
know you always give the best advice
Joseph I try dude I try go watch the
door and tell me if the coast is clear I
got you man all right dude the coast is
clear get your willly wet okay Joseph so
Tina you want to make out y
du do talking
about Red Alert Cody's coming Cody's
coming oh we got to stop why cuz Cody's
coming and he's gay and he likes me and
I don't want him seeing me kiss you oh
all right hey Junior you didn't have any
zero sugar star in there but I could
bring you a flat Sprite that I pissed in
that'd be the same thing no it's okay
I'm not thirsty anymore okay well Tina I
think we have to go your stepdad called
and he sounded really mad oh he probably
found out about me and my step brother
oh god well come on stinky all right
dude how was it you dirty dog you well
it tasted a little Tangy but still made
out oh man that's all that matters dude
yeah I'm going to add her to my lip
count yeah another notch on the Belt
well I think I'm going to go to bed
Joseph I had a massive W today okay bro
well I'll see you tomorrow then all
right bye oh man I can't wait to get
some sleep oh no Penelope's calling me
hello hey Juni what are you doing going
to bed junior you didn't call me to say
good night oh sorry good night you
always call me to say good night what
are you cheating on me what no wait did
you hear something what it was it from
Cody I bet it was Cody wasn't it what
nothing I'm not I'm not especially not
with Gothic nasty girls okay well good
all right good night good night oh man
that was way too close but she doesn't
know anything I'm going to go to
[Music]
better
good
morning I'm going to brush my
teeth okay where's my toothbrush at what
the hell is that is that a pimple it's
huge why would I get a pimple on my lip
shfp my cotton candy sule is almost done
now I got to add a little bit of water
shfp oh what do you want junior I'm
making a cotton candy Su why are you
bothering me cuz I looked in the mirror
and I saw this pimple on my lip damn
niggaer that ain't no pimple that's a
cold sore what's a cold sore like herpes
you can't get herpes on your mouth Chef
peee yes you can are you stupid you can
get it on your mouth your genitals your
hands feet toes all that stuff how can
you get it on your mouth have you been
making out with any dirty [ __ ] huh
any dirty [ __ ] tell me yeah I knew it
you dirty dirty dog you you probably got
the herpa derp but she didn't have any
herpes on her mouth maybe she say
symptomatic and don't show or something
like that so she could have herpes I
wouldn't even know yep and I can still
get it yep I'm going to that Hospital
well I hope you get it fixed all I got
to do is add my water wait wait wait I
don't remember that recipe
damn hey there what brings you to the
emergency room today what is your
emergency what life-threatening
situation makes you think you needed to
come here today you seem annoyed I am
because people keep coming in here for
stupid [ __ ] like ooh I have a
toothache go see a [ __ ] dentist or I
stub my toe or my back's been hurting
for the last 6 months why are you just
now coming or I threw up one time you
know stupid [ __ ] like that well mine's a
real emergency I think I have herpes why
do you think you have herpes this bump
on my lip doctor the man in the Next
Room is in Cardiac Arrest we need you
stat now hold on I'm dealing with this
emergency you tell him to wait I'll be
right there so does it look like herpes
I mean it looks like a pimple but I
guess it could also be a cold sore which
is a form of Herpes if it's herpes I'm
ending it all oh come on it's not really
that serious I mean 80% of the world's
population has some kind of herpes it's
really just a mild inconvenience really
yeah yeah it's not that big of a deal
what if you had herpes oh I'd want to
[ __ ] die i' jump off a bridge oh no I
could never live like that ew [ __ ] no oh
God get away from me I can't even
imagine just thinking about having
herpes is making me feel all itchy but
no I'm sure you'll be fine though that's
just me I'm sure you're stronger than me
emotionally although every time you do
try to kiss a girl you're going to have
to tell her you have herpes and I mean
you know how hard that's going to be you
try to get her to kiss you and then
you're like wait I have herpes she's
going to run away no girl is ever going
to want to kiss you ever again unless
she already has herpes and if you try to
kiss a girl without telling her you have
herpes you can go to jail for
intentionally spreading herpes it sucks
well is there a cure for herpes no no
once you have herpes you have it for
life well I think all the billionaires
in the world should put their money
together to cure herpes well I mean
herpes isn't fatal I mean you're not
going to see them have a herpes walk you
know the NFL is not going to have a
herpes awareness month and put end
herpes in the end zone that's not going
to happen well they should because I
can't believe I even got herpes see this
is what happened there was this ratchet
white ugly ratch C stinky girl and I
kissed her and I think that's how I got
it wait a minute aren't you dating my
daughter oh this this happened like a
year ago oh good doctor an ambulance
just arrived with multiple gunshot
victims we need tet sorry now wait a
minute I'm still dealing with this
emergency and this is way more important
I'll be there after is there any way to
know if it's 100% herpes or not well I
mean we could do a blood test I mean you
said you get it a while back right so I
mean as long as you didn't get it within
like you know a day ago then I think we
should be able to know what if I got
like yesterday well then we wouldn't be
able to tell because your antibodies
haven't formed yet but I mean you said
you get it a while back so I'll go get
the vial for the blood test oh no no no
let's not do the blood test is there
another way to test if it happened let
let's say it happened yesterday is there
a way to know yeah I mean I could swab
it and then you get the result in an
hour let do that okay okay I got the
herpes swab sir please we need your help
yeah I know just one second I got to do
this emergency herpes swab but sir
there's D children listen I hear
everything you're saying but see this is
so much more important important because
even if it's positive it doesn't matter
there's nothing he could do about it and
it's not like he's going to die from it
he might as well be testing positive for
the common cold but still it's so much
more important but doctor there's so
much blood there's a kid that was hit by
a dump truck uhhuh that's great I'll be
there in a sec okay just Swap this okay
I'll call you with the results but uh
don't kiss my daughter until you know
okay what if you had herpes oh I'd want
to [ __ ] die I jump off a bridge oh no
I could never live like that ew [ __ ] no
oh God get away from me hey Junior
what's up dude ew you got an ugly pimple
on your face you look like Cody guys I
don't have acne I have beauty marks guys
if I tell you something embarrassing you
promise you won't judge me yeah I guess
wait are you gay please tell me you're
gay you see this pimple on my face well
it might be herpes what dude how'd you
get herpes from kissing Tina wait you
kiss Tina yeah why do you think I sent
you to get that story oh yeah I guess
that does make sense nobody would
actually drink that willingly but still
now I have to tell Penelope you cheated
on her no you don't have to tell
Penelope anything cuz I went to the
hospital to get this swabbed to see if
it really is herpes so I don't even know
so why would you tell her because if you
have herpes you might give Penelope
herpes well no I don't even know if I
have it so don't even tell her but you
still cheated on her no I didn't Tina
fell on me and I pushed her off with my
lips you can even ask Joseph he saw the
whole thing yep I'm a witness okay but
if you do have herpes what are you going
to tell Penelope I'm going to tell her
that I went to the gas station I used
the bathroom and I saw a toothbrush
behind the toilet and I brushed my teeth
cuz I had forgot to brush my teeth well
then she's going to break up with you
for being gross no she's going to be
proud of me for having good oral hygiene
and just don't even worry about it Cody
it's not your problem like stay in your
lane wait a minute why don't you invite
Tina over and I can ask her if she has
herpes and then I'll get my answer we
can't Tina get picked up by her uncle
today it seemed like she didn't want to
go but then her uncle and her stepdad
were fighting over who got to take care
of her over Christmas break I don't know
not my problem
oh oh no what if that's Penelope hold on
hello hey Junior uh Penelope what are
you doing here I thought I'd come over
so we can Netflix and chill uh how about
just Netflix okay oh my God Junior you
have a huge p pimple on your lip can I
pop it no but I watch Dr pimple popper
all the time I'm basically an expert
please don't touch it I I I don't feel
good I just you should probably go home
I don't feel good that's okay let's just
go watch Netflix okay Junior I thought
you said you didn't feel well but your
friends are over oh they were just about
to leave yeah we can leave dude I don't
want to get sick anyway Junior don't you
have something you'd like to tell
Penelope yeah I have a structured
settlement and I need cash now call J
gorth 877 cash now it's your money use
when you need it damn it Junior don't
get us with that you know we can't
resist JJ Wentworth what all right
Penelope I'll tell you the truth me and
Cody were playing truth or dare and he
dared me to kiss him and then he gave me
mouth herpes e Cody we've shared sodas I
do not have herpes then what's that
stuff over your face looks like herpes
to me it's not herpes he kissed another
girl what I didn't kiss another girl
Joseph did I kiss another girl nope dude
I never seen you kiss a girl named Tina
in my life who's Tina there's no girl
named Tina Tina is the name of the girl
he kissed oh yeah then if you if you
knew her name then why' you only say it
after you heard Joseph say the name Tina
you're just making up stuff he cheated
on you with a girl named Tina Junior you
cheated on me I did not cheat on you I
swear I didn't cheat on you hey Cody if
I cheated on her where's your proof well
I don't know because you sent me
downstairs to get you a star no one
drinks star see how unbelievable his Li
is no one likes star so he's lying hold
on my phone's ringing it's your dad
hello hey there I got the results for
your herpes swab back oh God doctor tell
me is it bad is it over I already have a
tree and a rope picked out uh no you
don't have herpes I don't no it's just a
pimple oh thank God oh God bless you
Doctor you're so amazing at everything
you do I love you I didn't do anything
but you're welcome thank you so much
doctor oh my gosh I do not have herpes
uh good yeah good now now that I'm happy
and I'm in a good mood I want to tell
you exactly what happened so yesterday
Cody brought this ratchet thirst trap
[ __ ] over named Tina right and then I
sent him downstairs to get a story and
then I sent Joseph over there to be
Lookout and I did make out with Tina for
like a few seconds and then I felt
really bad so I stopped and then I went
to sleep and I I woke up with this bump
on my mouth and I thought it might be
herpes so I went and saw your dad and he
tested me and I found out it's not
herpes so now we don't have herpes
Junior you cheated on me I'm breaking up
with you no calm down calm down look
I'll never cheat on you ever again
because this whole herpes scared thing
it made me realize I never want to cheat
on you ever again I'm never going to
kiss another girl because I don't want
to get herpes Junior it's
over oh wow I'm going to pour my heart
and soul out to you you're just going to
leave me like that bro she's so selfish
dude yeah like if you come back have to
get you tested cuz I'm not going to want
some herpy [ __ ] right like she doesn't
understand you were vulnerable you know
yeah I just poured my heart and soul out
to her and just told her my fears and
and just admitted to something I should
I I would have never had to tell her
like that takes a lot dude yeah I I
chose to tell her and like I also didn't
kiss her like I went without kissing her
all day just so she wouldn't possibly
get it right you thought about her yeah
like I'm like literally like every
woman's dream like I'm loyal and I'm
nice and I tell the truth y you're a
king bro yeah King straight up King
right Cody yeah you're a real catch but
she broke up with me guys well on the
bright side you don't have herbes half
chub half CH half
[Music]
half