okay Marvin let's watch the NBA Playoffs
hey I was watching TV what channel's the
Heat game oh Marvin the heat got
eliminated days ago silly Marvin
thinking the Miami Heat can actually win
basketball games what a joke Marvin I
hate boys night I was hoping we could
watch a romantic comedy together Sho get
out of here Marvin loves hanging out
with me weekend's are for the boys right
Marvin you bald bastard hey dadd my ball
in your game is broken wait is that
Pac-Man I love Pac-Man let me see if I
can fix it
[Music]
nope it's broken go play fortnite or
something but I want ball eater game
well ball eater game is broken the
news breaking news M Miss Pac-Man is
filing for a divorce from Mr Pac-Man
after 42 years of marriage Pac-Man is
depressed so if you have a Pac-Man
machine he won't be in it because he is
taking a leave of absence Pac-Man's
going through a divorce poor Pac-Man
what about poor Mrs Pac-Man divorce is
hard on everybody especially the kids
screw all that you know Marvin me and
Pac-Man actually went to high school
together we were buddies yeah we used to
do blow in the bathrooms I haven't
talked to him since he got famous though
but I think we should invite him over
for boys night we should give him a
night so good he forgets all about that
[ __ ] hey don't call her that what she is
she eats balls for a living so does he
okay well sometimes men have to do
things we're not proud of to put food on
the table right Marvin right you you
ever suck a dong for dinner you know you
know to feed your family Marvin no oh
okay well guess it's just me and I'm not
proud of it but I I've done it you know
back when I didn't have all my jobs are
you going to call Pac-Man yes yes I will
call him and I'll take this out of here
I don't want him crying when he shows up
okay I'm calling Pac-Man wag wager hey
Pac-Man it's me Brooklyn guy from high
school remember wag wag wag yeah I saw
the news I'm sorry your wife left you
buddy wag wag wag yeah well listen she
was no good for you anyway you remember
in high school when she ate the entire
football team's balls w w yeah and the
basketball team that's right w w w yeah
yeah I told you she was no good for you
buddy you don't need her W wag W yeah
yeah I know what she lacked in hands she
made up for with a mouth believe me I
know yeah I even hit that a few times
too I I think I actually have the high
score in that W waga waga yeah I know
but listen I think you should come over
to my buddy's house and we're going to
have a whole boys night okay we're going
to play some pool we're going to go out
to dinner maybe hit up a strip club
huh no listen I understand I know you
don't want to leave the house right now
but it'll be for you okay if you're not
having fun after 10 minutes you can
leave got it w okay sounds good I'll see
you in a minute buddy all right he's
coming over just make sure you have some
fruit laying out he loves that that must
be him come on Marvin hey Pac-Man you
look great buddy wag wag wag yeah this
is my friend Marvin this is his house
wag wag wag he says you have a lovely
home so you want to come on in and play
some pool w w w yeah it has balls you
love that come
on all right I'm going to break first
just like your wife broke your heart
when when she left you waka waka waka oh
come on I was just joking but this break
is no
joke damn it I didn't get a single one
in okay Pac-Man your turn no no no no no
damn it what's he
doing no no no no no no no no he ate all
my pull balls W wag wag I know I know
buddy it's just Instinct listen this is
my fault we shouldn't have played a game
with balls he need to buy me new pull
balls now Marvin he is going through a
divorce give him a break w w w I know I
know you must be hungry let's go to a
restaurant and get some real food Marvin
if you had just left fruit out this
wouldn't have
happened okay Pac-Man whenever I'm
heartbroken I always come here to
Applebees this always cheers me up now I
know you're going through a divorce
right now but I'm actually going through
a pretty rough time too see my Miami
Heat got gentleman swept in the playoffs
because their Superstar can't stop
drinking coffee and also I shot him so
I'm going to order some chicken won
tacos with chicken tenders to cheer
myself up w w w yeah sure we can get
some mashed potato balls for an appetiz
hello welcome oh dear God welcome to
Applebees what can I get started for you
tonight well Clarissa I think I'll have
my usual you don't have a usual you get
something different every time you come
here well the menu is just so big I
can't pick just one thing and before you
get mad we only have Pepsi products oh
believe me I remember it's the one thing
I don't like about this place oh by the
way do you have any fruit my friend here
likes apples no we don't what you're
Applebees and you don't have any apples
well we don't have bees either well you
have two bees on your chest that I'd
like to squeeze boobes am I right Marvin
be cups actually I think they're more
like a cups right Pac-Man a cups w w you
know actually speaking of a cup I would
like a cup of drink where are our
beverages I was trying to ask you what
you wanted and you never told me well we
will have waterers for the table hey
Marvin it's free life hack and also I
would like some chicken won tacos with
chicken tenders and honey mustard and
some mash potato balls is that it and
also I would like two cheeseburgers some
chicken alfredo some Mazy sticks and
some spinach artichoke dip okay well
who's getting what I don't know just
bring it and we'll figure it out when it
gets here okay can you believe this
skank Pac-Man do your job hey Pac-Man
you know what you should probably try to
get her number me and Marvin hit that in
Paris Waka yeah all right here's your
food no no no no no this is all wrong
you put the food in front of the wrong
people I asked you who gets what and you
told me not to worry about it yeah well
now that I'm looking at it I'm thinking
maybe I shouldn't have said that but I
mean look the the the potato balls are
clearly for Pac-Man he's Pac-Man he
loves balls okay fine well I'll put
these over here yeah yeah do that and
and you know I love mozzarella stick so
clearly those are for me okay well I'll
bring these over here okay and you know
I love chicken won tacos too so why are
they all the way over there by Pac-Man
and I know Marvin probably wants a
burger and honestly I don't know who the
hell's going to even eat the chicken
alfredo so you probably just take that
back you know what you're a pain in my
ass thinking of Paris huh that's the
sound she made too remember Marvin
remember Paris yes all all right let's
dig in
boys W Marvin Pac-Man's going crazy on
those mashed potato balls you know what
I'm going to eat without my hands
too I am stuffed w w what the [ __ ] did
you guys do we chowed down that's what
you guys made a mess you didn't even use
your silverware yeah well I saw Pac-Man
going face first and it reminded me of
Paris so I had to go in face first too
you ain't like animals well I do like it
doggy style remember if you expect me to
clean this up you better give me a big
tip oh you've seen it it's not very big
okay guys she's gone D and dash to the
strip
club yeah look at that a stripper
that'll help you forget about your wife
right Pac-Man w w w oh come on man you
got to get back out there you know Miss
Pac-Man's probably getting railed W waka
waka what it's true you know she
probably has a mouth full of power balls
right
now Marvin help me out here I don't know
what to say to him I wanted to go home
and watch basketball Marvin there is no
basketball the heat is out Excuse Me
Miss what my friend here is going
through a messy divorce you think you
can help cheer him up how much how much
you get Pac-Man w w w oh she took all
your money Waka yeah I guess that makes
sense Miss Pac-Man is a better game w w
well do you at least think she's hot W
no okay well we'll wait for the next one
Boo get off the stage whatever coming up
next on stage we have the twins WKA WKA
what the hell are they waka waka oh you
like them Pac-Man uhhuh well go get them
buddy wak waka waka W waa DN okay I
don't know where all this cash is coming
from I thought Miss Pac-Man cleaned you
out Wakka waka waka waka waka waka waka
waka waka wak w w w w hey hey Pac-Man
you want to take him home w w okay come
on Marvin let's drive him
home Marvin he wants to know what room
he can use upstairs please why did he
just take him to his house Marvin you
know Miss Pac-Man took the house in the
divorce but why couldn't he go to your
house Marvin I have a daughter I don't
want her walking in on whatever he's
about to do to them but really I don't
understand how it works I mean he's like
a ball but anyway let's just go hang out
while he does his thing
W what are you doing I thought you said
were going to hang out I just want to
know what it sounds like that's weird
huh it sounds like a game of Pac-man
okay I got to get in there and see what
this looks like no no no that's weird
bro Marvin what's weird is you calling
me now stand aside I have to see what
Pac-Man sex looks like oh my god oh oh
god oh no oh God I am so sorry I look
what what it look like oh God he was
like inside out and there were parts
that I didn't even know existed and
there was fruit involved oh Jesus I
don't even know if I can talk to him
again after that oh there's someone at
the door oh please let's answer it let's
get away from here hello oh [ __ ] Marvin
it's Blinky inky pinky and clide the
ghost from Pac-Man yeah the goons wait
what did they say oh [ __ ] morvin they're
saying those two strippers that Pac-Man
is inside out with are Blinky and
Clyde's girlfriends and they want to
kick Pac-Man's ass oh no quick quick
Marvin we have to help
Pac-Man where are they going they split
up to look for Pac-Man quick Marvin we
have to give Pac-Man this power orb so
the ghost turn blue and he can [ __ ]
eat them okay no no no don't open
that Pac-Man
catch oh you're screwed
buddy good job Pac-Man now go get the
other ones
okay he got Inky I think another one's
in that room there's pinky there's
pinky I wonder where they go after he
eats them the eyes run to that little
box and they respawn oh [ __ ] that's
right okay well he has one more to eat
before the Power Ball wears
off what is this blue
thing oh good job Pac-Man you ate Clyde
you ate all the ghosts W waga yeah well
Pac-Man you've had a really long day you
had Applebees you bang two strippers so
are you over your wife yet wag wag wag
oh no Pac-Man oh don't do that wag wag
wag wag no Pac-Man you're going to
regret it w no Pacman don't what' he say
he said he's going to go murder his
ex-wife like OJ oh no we got to stop him
listen if we go to the police they're
never going to believe this I mean I'm a
cop and I don't even believe it and the
last time I tried to interfere with an
old video game character cubert went to
jail so I think we should just mind our
own business on this one wait what was
that about strippers oh yeah there are
two Pac-Man strippers in the bedroom
over there with fruit in their orifices
[Music]