Karen Karen Karen there's a job
listening to be a waiter at Gordon
Ramsay's restaurant another job boy
name stay home and relax with me Karen
the pay on this job's gonna be crazy how
much four dollars an hour boy
do you think yeah but the meals are
crazy expensive so the tips are gonna be
like a thousand dollars each if I do one
table an hour I get like a thousand
dollars an hour wow that's a lot of
me but are you sure that's gonna
actually happen oh trust me it's gonna
happen I'm gonna come home with at least
eight thousand dollars today wow well
okay boyny okay I'm gonna go apply for
the job good luck
Chef PP when I tried this Mandarin
oranges that you prepared for me my
tongue went on a vacation but the flight
got canceled and they lost my luggage
and on the way home I got into a car
accident and became a paraplegic and the
nurse taking care of me [ __ ] my
oatmeal now piss off and never cook
again
excuse me Mr Ramsey what do you want
you're in my kitchen you bum I'm not a
bum sir I'm here about a job I heard you
were hiring waiters all right here
there's your dress now a table just
walked in so piss off okay yes got it
pissing officer hey there welcome to
Hell's Kitchen my name is Brooklyn and
I'll be your waiter oh Father father he
just set us somewhere Timmy shut the
[ __ ] up you want me to take you outside
and put you across my knee but he just
said hell you want to go to the car no
sir Jimmy look at me look at me zip it
yes sir all right sorry about him he's a
little weasel no that's okay I was just
gonna ask if you guys wanted something
to drink I'll have your largest bottle
of wine oh well in that case I'd
recommend the Cabernet Sauvignon
then I'll have the sun kissed on the
Rocks okay I can do that and I'll have a
glass of milk we don't have any milk but
we do have coffee creamer don't take a
glass of that okay sure I want a Capri
Sun we don't have that either oh man
just get her son kissed on the Rocks too
okay two sunkists uh can I get you guys
started with an appetizer yeah we'll
take a blooming onion onion and also a
base price okay cheese sticks oh we
don't have cheese sticks you don't have
anything that I like just get her an
order of the macaroni and cheese pop
first okay I'll have a side piece of
salad with light dressing and extra
croutons because you know my fingers are
going to find their way over to your
plate and take a couple and extra
croutons okay yeah I can do that too
aren't you gonna write this down oh no I
don't need to get it all up here amazing
you can remember all that yep say it
back oh well you guys wanted uh two
sunkists on the Rocks two bottles of
Cabernet a glass of coffee creamer uh
Bloom and onion a loaded baked potato
cheese fries mac and cheese poppers a
Caesar salad with extra croutons simply
amazing absolutely brilliant we got
ourselves a little Einstein over here
yes I'm just gonna go put all that in
and I'll be back to take your order uh
actually we're ready to order now but
you are you sure you don't want me to
just run that in real quick unless you
don't think you can remember it oh no I
can remember it it hit me ow you didn't
say hit you I I did I just meant tell me
what you want all right I'll take the
range and go first I'll have the 18
ounce bone-in rib eye cooked well done
butterflied with a little bit of blue
cheese crumbles on top with some salt
and pepper oh my God I'm never gonna
remember a goddamn thing this man is
saying this is the longest order I've
ever heard why didn't I just write it
down why did I have to say I had a good
memory oh my God he's still talking
can't you just order like a normal
person okay I have to at least pretend
I'm listening chives got it yeah I got
all that I want an eight ounce sirloin
cook medium rare with ketchup
Timmy you know your mother always orders
after the man of the house the one that
does all the yard work yes sir all right
honey take it away uh what's on your
Maple barbecue chicken Well ma'am I
would assume Maple and barbecue oh no I
do not want that I'll have the grilled
salmon with four coconut shrimp I want
the lemon on the side and clean the Rind
okay I can do that too would you like to
order now father may I please order now
you may okay so I want the eight ounce
sirloin cook medium rare with ketchup
mayonnaise and mustard on the side I
also want individual sides of lettuce
tomato pickles onion ooh and two pieces
of bread wait instead of bread can I get
buns did you just like a burger no I
want it how I ordered it okay I PB and J
on here all right I'll take the reins on
that one too in order for she'll have
the shrimp and chicken fettuccine or
whatever the [ __ ] and make sure you cut
up the noodles to about a centimeter
size or so so she doesn't choke on it
okay here I got that too you got all
that oh yeah I got all of it yep yeah
I'd ask you to read it back to me but
I'm sure you got that big old brand of
yours oh yeah I got it oh boy do I have
it I'm gonna go put all of that in now
that's a man that can listen honey don't
[ __ ] start oh man I don't remember a
goddamn thing those people just ordered
I mean I remember the drinks and the
appetizers but I don't know what their
actual meal is damn it guy why did you
have to brag about being good at
remembering stuff well what do they want
they're coming yes Mr Ramsey you better
give me the order you're gonna stand
around with your dick in your hand oh no
no no sir no dicks in hands give me the
order okay so they wanted a a bit a
loaded baked potato ah you didn't
[ __ ] write it down no I don't need to
write it down I can remember it well
clearly you can't because you're over
there oh blabbering on like an idiot
give me the order okay they wanted a
loaded baked potato and a blooming onion
and cheese fries and mac and cheese
bites and a Caesar salad with extra
croutons now was that so [ __ ] hard a
little bit all right well then piss off
and go get them their drinks and then
give me okay yes I will go get them
their order oh no peace off okay you
lovely people I have your drinks your
two sunkists on the Rocks your coffee
creamer sir ma'am there are your two
bottles of Cabernet oh thank you now sir
you ordered the uh well you know you
know what you ordered we both know you
don't have to say it unless you want to
that would be fine uh but the chef uh
doesn't believe that you ordered the
thing that you wanted the way you wanted
it so maybe if you said it out loud you
might realize you don't actually want
that no that's exactly what I want well
maybe if you said it out loud you would
hear like an ingredient in there that's
kind of weird and you might change your
mind you didn't forget did you oh no no
me forget no I never forget anything no
no not me now honey you know he has an
amazing memory oh yeah we got Megamind
as our waiter yeah yeah that's me
Megamind but see the chef uh he he
didn't believe me when I told him what
you wanted you know he didn't think
somebody would order that the way you
ordered it so so maybe maybe if you uh
you just said that on video exactly what
you told me and I could show the chef
and he'd believe you no way Kim Wasabi I
don't like being recorded I don't want
Mark Zucker Facebook spying on me yeah
of course not uh so so maybe uh just
your voice you know you could just talk
and tell the chef what you want to just
say hey Chef this is what I want and
then tell him exactly what you told me
all right hey Chef this is what I want I
want the 18 ounce bone-in ribeye well
done butterfly so we make sure it's well
done with blue cheese crumbles and salt
and pepper okay Mr Ramsey I got one of
their orders but he's a big fan so he
wanted to record it in a video for some
reason
well if you just listen to it you can
hear what he wants no you go get that
fool hold and you come back here and
read it to me make sure you write it
down okay yes I will do that sir where
the [ __ ] are you going I was gonna go
get their orders there's appetizers
ready you take them out there to them
well sir it's gonna take me like four
trips no you're aware it's your job to
carry all the food out there and if you
can't do it with the two hands that you
have I suggest you grow two more hands
but okay I guess I'll try to get the
[ __ ] food out of my kitchen now I'm
going whoa whoa careful careful
okay screw it they're not getting
appetizers okay sir the chef believes
you now and he started cooking your food
perfect and you ma'am what you ordered
was just incredible really inspiring no
one has ever ordered something like that
before really yes really and the chef
liked it so much he wants to make it a
permanent menu item so just take this
pen and then right on the menu exactly
what you ordered the way you told me but
it's already on the menu not the way you
ordered it it's not so just write that
down because it's special so what was
your name again ma'am Suzanne Suzanne
we're gonna call it the Suzanne special
just for you honey that I'm gonna be
famous that's what we call special
treatment now you kidding you ordered a
hamburger no I didn't no you kind of did
but I didn't order that well the the
chef said he refused to make what you
ordered because I totally remember what
that was and he said he's gonna make you
a hamburger so you're getting a
hamburger but I wanted you're getting a
hamburger okay now you girl you wanted
it baby and Jake yes and you know what
princess I will make that special just
for you with crunchy peanut butter you
got it hold on what about what she
actually ordered because she can't have
all that Sugar well you know what I will
make her a special sugar-free peanut
butter and jelly oh wow that's what you
call going above and beyond just like
Buzz Lightyear yep that's right oh man
you done with that menu yes here you go
thank you we're gonna frame this oh hold
on hold on what about the appetizers oh
I have bad news about the appetizers see
uh this is coming from the chef because
I would never do this to you people uh
see he said that the appetizers were for
the lunch menu you and and this is this
is the dinner menu so you're not getting
appetizers okay Mr Ramsay again
everybody's order written down to get a
little bit off yeah I do need to go to
Walmart real quick to get the stuff to
make a PB J PB and Jay this is a
Michelin star [ __ ] restaurant we
don't serve PB J here yeah but you see
that that girl she has an allergy that
and allergic to everything but PB and J
allergy so I need to do that for her
well there's [ __ ] gluten sugar and
peanuts in a PB J what the [ __ ] is she
not allergic to hey I'm just telling you
what she said so I'll be right back well
hurry up okay sir I got the PB J in my
back pocket I'm keeping it warm all
right the food's ready and let whoever
ordered the salmon know that I didn't
have any lemons so I'd use a spare
squash that I found okay sure I mean
you're the chef I'll just take all this
out tonight
I got everybody's food sir I got your
steak and baked potatoes I got your
hamburger and I got your PB and J you
didn't cut the crust off yeah well you
didn't tell me to oh yeah so eat it and
I got your fish the lemons have a lot of
seeds in them yeah well that's because
the chef actually ran out of lemons and
he had to substitute lemons for squash
well did he clean the Rind first uh yes
he did oh good sir what are you doing
you call this well done it's still
moving at me it's saying cook me more
yeah I'm really sorry about that sir I
would take it back but you see Gordon
Ramsay refuses to cook anything well
done and we're on my blue cheese
crumbles he refused to do that too he
said they were moldy and he threw them
away ah good call okay so everybody
enjoy your food let me know if you need
anything okay Mr Ramsay I gave him their
food okay I'm gonna go check on them hey
everybody how's the food I see you ate
it all it was disgusting disgusting yeah
it was too chewy I'd like you to take it
off the bill please oh sir I can't do
that you ate it all even the bone yeah
but it was gross I had to eat it all the
way through to make sure it was still
disgusting and it was and my lemons
didn't add much flavor well that's
because it was squash I like my burger
oh that's good can we order dessert you
sure can all right
from here we'd like to do the creme
brulee with extra berries the cheesecake
with a mixed berry compote a chocolate
mousse and a bread pudding with a scoop
of ice cream a chocolate cookie and it's
also my birthday so I'll take whatever
free dessert comes with that actually
you know what I just remembered that the
kitchen's closed so I can't give you any
of that oh Dar that's a darn shame yeah
it sure is okay so here's the bill uh
who do I give this to you can give it to
the kids yeah that's that's very good
sir okay so I'm just gonna leave this
here and I'll be back all right I'll
take care of this old dog okay Mr Ramsay
they ate all of it
what do the burps Mean Mr Ramsay okay
I'm gonna go get there Bill oh thank God
they're finally gone oh but that big
tip's gonna be worth it though what the
hell is this don't step in front of a
moving train what does that mean oh
there it is sorry about that my wife
left a necklace on the table hey just
real quick uh for the tip you said don't
step in front of a moving train what's
that about yeah pretty good tip huh well
I mean tips are usually supposed to be
money oh yeah we don't leave cash we
just leave tips as in like uh life
advice you know well I can't really pay
my bills with that well you make an
hourly wage like everyone else right I
make four dollars an hour well if you
don't like how much you get paid then
maybe you should work somewhere else
well yeah that's exactly what I'm gonna
do [ __ ] this
Barney go any definitely from work yeah
[ __ ] that job but Barney what happened
to
the East oh I'll tell you what happened
to it here's my one hour of pay I got
that's four dollars and here is my tip
don't step in front of a moving train oh
boy that's a good tip yeah try mailing
that to the electric company and see if
it keeps the lights on but boy
yeah that was the worst experience of my
life what happened well Gordon Ramsay
yelled at me and then he burped at me
and I think it was supposed to
communicate something well boy at least
you have a lot of other jobs yeah you're
right I don't need it
[Music]
thank you
[Music]