Marvin Jeffy get in here sorry baby I
was wiping Jeffy and it was a stinky one
Marvin he's 19 years old he can wipe his
own butt you would think so but I don't
know what I'm doing sometimes after I
wipe my butt I just smack it to the wall
and then other times I stick so much
toilet paper in my butt crack I look
like a peacock see that's why I had to
wipe them wait what's all this stuff I
went Halloween costume shopping
Halloween's not for 2 more weeks I know
Marvin but I had to get costumes before
they sold out look I got Jeffy a ducky
costume a Ninja Turtle costume what's up
my ninjas Jeffy don't say that I got a
cookie monster costume and a piglet oh
piglet all day I'm going to go try this
baby on you're not going to put that on
before bed yes before bed Marvin look I
also got this Chucky doll why would you
get a Chucky doll because it's cool and
it talks press the button I'll kill you
I'll Slaughter your whole
family isn't that fun oh yeah so fun he
has over 25 different catchphrases press
it again okay I'm going to kill you you
bual piece of [ __ ]
wait a minute how would he know I'm bald
I don't know Marvin it's just technology
well no he only has 25 catchphrases what
are the odds that one of them about a
bald person press it again he just had
press it again yeah Marvin it's probably
on demo mode press it I'm not on demo
mode and I'm not a toy open this box so
I can kill
you he just said he's not on demo mode I
I think this doll is possessed Marvin
you're crazy look Marvin the
news breaking news M the toy company is
saying that their toys are possessed we
have a press conference with the police
officer now hey there officer guy here
uh so we've been informed by the toy
manufacturer that some of the toys they
produce are going to become possessed on
Friday the 13th which is right now cuz
it's past midnight so be on the lookout
for killer toys uh we have reports of 15
murders so far like we got a Mr Potato
Head that's been killing people we got
some Hungry Hungry Hippos that have
taken a few kids fingers off so if you
have a possessed toy in your house put
them in a box and return them to the
store for a full refund baby look the
new new said that toys were possessed
that doll is possessed no he's not
Marvin you're being silly then why would
the news say that because it was
probably a Friday the 13th full State
joke that doesn't even make any sense
hey Danny check the fit piggy as [ __ ]
Jeffy oink oink as [ __ ] Jeffy where's
Winnie the [ __ ] Jeffy it's Winnie the
Poo and stop cussing so much well stop
being bald so much haha good one baby he
just said haha good one I know that's
not one of his 25 catchphrases Marvin
it's just motion activated yeah let's
say that this doll is possessed baby I
think we should take it out of the box
please no Danny where's tiger wait a
minute tiger it's more soft Jeffy don't
say that buddy my piggy costume's got a
FAA the bigger the FAA the tastier the
chalupa go to bed Jeffy Oh Daddy I'm
actually going to run down to the market
and have some roast beef and I'm going
to wee wee wee all in my pants no Jeffy
I just changed you so we opening this
box or what no we're not opening this
box I'm going to take this box to the
kitchen so no one opens it a all right
Chucky you're going to stay right here
come on man Chef peee what are you
cooking chicken alfredo with red food
coloring so it looks like gut cuz of
Friday the 13th looks yummy a thanks
scary ass doll no no this doll is
possessed there's no way that doll's
possessed he knows how to compliment
some food whatever you do do not open up
this box whatever whatever leave me
alone so I can cook come on man I'm real
hungry just open the box well you did
compliment your boy's cooking so I guess
I could open it for a little bit not too
long but you got to go back in okay this
is some good chicken alfredo Chef Pee
Pee thank you finally damn somebody said
that [ __ ] God hey can you pass the
pepper oh yeah I know my boy needs some
pepper put some pepper in your Stu here
you
go here you go my bad you know Chef BP
you're a cool dude yeah yeah you too
Chucky but tell me something what the
hell happened to your face man oh well I
died in a toy store during a shootout
with the police ah [ __ ] it happens it
happens yeah so now my soul is trapped
in this doll oh man that sucks uhuh but
personal question does your dick still
work oh yeah they made a whole movie
about it oh that's great man that's
great but tell me uh what are your
personal Hobbies man what do you like to
do I like to kill people look a man it's
always the white boys and the gingers
but tell me about yourself what do you
like to do what don't I do I cook I
clean I slave man I just wish everybody
would die I could help you with that oh
man nice joke Chucky but I know you're
just joking I'm not joking I'll kill
everybody uh I think it's time to get
back in the Box before Marvin gets mad
no I don't think so I think I'm going to
kill
everyone oh God not Marvin's going to be
mad at me Marvin I can't believe you
took my Chucky doll from me he's
possessed no he's not Marvin you're just
paranoid he's supposed to say scary
things hey you want to die wow I didn't
know he could walk he can't is that a
real knife yeah you want to feel it look
Marvin he's actually stabbing me is that
real blood yeah now hold still this is
so fun morvin look I'm actually bleeding
I think I might die you're
next okay I locked the door Jeffy Jeffy
you ever heard of knocking daddy me and
Peppa Pig were about to Pork we were
going to do it piggy style and I was
going to take the dirt road home because
the Red River was flowing Jeffy call 911
that doll's trying to kill me I'm on it
Daddy let me grab my phone all right
91
one I think I'm on hold that's not a
real phone Jeffy yes it is why is the
cord plugged in oh [ __ ] Jeffy use your
other phone okay all right Danny I got
my phone hurry up and call 911 all right
aato what the hell was that it's du
lingo I'm learning to speak Mexican
Jeffy no call 911 what's your number
give me the phone come on please answer
please answer 911 what's your emergency
oh thank God well wait a minute you
sound like the cop from the news yeah I
don't want the fame to go to my head but
yeah I was on TV so that means you're
going to understand what I'm talking
about so there's this crazy crazy toy oh
this is about the killer toy yeah yeah
yeah this is toy and it killed my wife
oh he killed your wife well in that case
maybe you should send him to my house
he'd be doing me a big favor please no I
need you to come over well if you just
put him back in the Box he'll get your
refund no no no I just need you to come
over and help me so you don't want the
refund most people are calling about the
refund I don't give a [ __ ] about the
refund it's trying to kill me and I want
you to stop it from killing me okay oh I
think I see what's going on you want me
to come over and help you yes yeah see
the problem is that sounds scary wait
it's your job to help me yeah it is my
job all right whatever I'll be right
there thank you hey Daddy I don't hear
the guy at the door anymore I think he
left let me go check I don't want to
open up the door in case he's still
there let me check under the door see if
I can see him no I don't see him hey
there come on let me stab you come here
oh know as
Miracle you're still doing du lingo
we're trapped in this room and we can't
get out
esap
banaan what did you just say Jeffy Let's
Escape out the window good idea there's
someone at the door that's probably the
cops but we can't answer it cuz we're
trapped in the
room I'll get it die wa excited little
fell aren't you well could you stop
brandishing that knife at me please oh
yeah sorry anyway we're the police and
we got a call that there was a killer
toy here oh no no killer toy here oh
that's good well you just been a prank
call yeah we've been getting a lot of
calls about killer toys tonight hey wait
where's your mommy and daddy they're
dead oh you hear that Simmons he's an
orphan oh he's never getting adopted
yeah he is an ugly orphan hey buddy what
are you doing with that knife oh I was
cutting cucumbers oh what are you making
pickles who makes pickles oh yeah you're
right people usually just buy them oh
what happened to your face buddy I ran
into a door was it a door full of
scissors good one Simmons anyway it's
raining I like to State obvious things
it helps me Focus you're ugly Simmons
thinks you're ugly too oh man you can
read my mind yeah anyway uh we're just
going to take off but if you are a
killer toy could you stop by my house
later and help me kill my wife will do
all right thanks buddy wait a minute
does that mean you are a killer toy no
killer toy says what what H gotcha put
your hands behind your back you're under
arrest killer toy five bucks he runs
double or nothing Simmons deal damn it
free okay ugly we got your corner now
just turn yourself in or will beat you
up and make you even uglier but I didn't
do nothing well he has a point I can't
really prove that he did do nothing I
might look there's a body a body where
right there right there you see the clue
too where on that couch on the couch I
don't see it look down look down there
is a dead body now let's put these Clues
together a dead body a scary guy with a
knife and a 911 call about a a dead wife
you did kill her oh man you guys caught
me okay we can do this the easy way or
the hard way I always pick the hard way
Simmons the Box on it gotcha we got him
the easy
way okay Marvin you can come out we got
him are you sure oh yeah I'm sure he's
dead oh no he's not dead even better we
put him back in the box and we returned
him for a refund wait he's still alive
so he can escape and come and kill me oh
he's not going to escape that box is
closed and you got a refund oh yeah we
didn't even need a receipt it's free
returns within 14 days well can I have
that $100 hell no you didn't even want
the refund remember you made me come and
deal with him oh well my wife is still
dead can you try to revive her I guess
I'll put my doctor outfit on and try
okay she's alive look Marvin the doctor
revived me yeah it wasn't easy bringing
somebody back to life when they've been
dead for fiveish minutes but I did it
and she might have some permanent brain
damage from the lack of oxygen but other
than that she'll be okay it's fine she's
not the only person I know that has
brain damage hey Daddy I frost Peppa
Pigs turds Peppa pink and or booty hole
[Music]
Brown