oh man I'm so sick hey Danny can I skip
school today no Jeffy don't touch me
with your dirty boogers Jeffy you cannot
skip school you got to go didn't take me
Jeffy I feel so sick can you just ride
the bus what's a bus you don't know what
a bus is no it's a it's a big thing that
takes kids at school oh so like an
airplane well kind of it just doesn't
have wings so then how do it fly it
doesn't fly it's a bus so then why did
you say it's like an airplane I said
it's kind of like an airplane cuz it
would kind of look like one if it had
wings but it doesn't it's it's yellow oh
so like a taxi but it's really long like
a limousine but it's a truck a trim
isine there's no such thing as a
triazine Jeffy yes there is well then go
outside and get on the triazine it'll
take you to school well how am I
supposed to know where it's at don't
worry it it'll find you how will it find
me is it stalking me no no Santa Claus
tells it where you're at Santa Claus can
I give Santa Claus my Christmas list
well Santa Claus won't be driving it
it'll be one of his elves well then can
I give the elf my Christmas list well no
you cannot let the elf know you know
it's an elf because then he'll disappear
like it's an elf and they're undercover
trying to see a are good or bad that's
how Santa knows if you're good or bad so
be really good on the bus okay okay
Daddy so go outside and get on that
triazine or bus or whatever you want to
call it
okay I can't believe my dad's going to
make me take the bus hey Junior Cody
you're taking the bus too yeah my mom
said she wouldn't drive me to school
anymore because she found out gas was
made from dinosaur fossils and she wants
to save the dinosaurs I tried to tell
her they were already dead but she
wouldn't listen but the school bus uses
gas no believe me I tried to tell her
that too but she said if the dinosaurs
died for learning it was worth it what's
up dudes Joseph you're taking the bus
yeah I always take the bus dude I didn't
even know there was a bus me neither hey
guys Jeffy don't tell me you're taking
the bus also yeah my daddy told me he
won't take me to school anymore that's
what my dad said the bus is coming wait
that's the bus it's a short
bus come on guys let's get on okay dude
the bus is so fun hey get on the damn
bus we ain't got all day guys just's get
on uh where do we sit you can sit
anywhere dude let's sit in the back no
I'm not Ro Parts dude I'm going to sit
right here and I'm not moving well why
don't we just sit in the back no okay
damn I'm I'm sit in the back I can't
wait to sit in the back back off nerd
this is my seat I thought the seat was
empty no I was just down here I like to
scare people oh well Penelope can I sit
with you no Junior this is my seats but
there's enough room for both of us get
your own Junior there's plenty of other
seats well I'm going to sit right here
no then I have to look at you deal with
it uh can I ride up front I get car sick
I don't give a just sit your ass
down ma'am don't call me ma'am it makes
me feel old call me sweet cheeks okay
sweet cheeks damn right all right bran
listen up my name is barara and I'm your
bus driver but you can call me Babs on
this bus there's a few rules rule number
one absolutely no talking I got a wicked
hangover and talking activates my
schizophrenia and it'll cause me to
drive this bus right now on com in
traffic rule number two absolutely no
cologne cologne messes with my my
allergies and I'll sneeze my tampon
right out of my body uh can I roll down
my window and absolutely no rolling down
Windows okay we got AC for a reason and
speaking of AC I'm turning it off okay
it's a cool 98Â° outside so you'll get
over it and if I catch you rolling that
window down I'll pull this bus over and
beat the out of you see that camera
up there it doesn't work so I can't get
caught and if you tried telling your
parents I'll I'll tell them that you did
it to yourself cuz you emo now let's
Rock I'm already getting
sick hey Junior I'll bet you five bucks
I can hit the bus driver with this paper
ball uh I wouldn't do that she's going
to get mad I'm going to send
it don't you ever throw another paper
ball at me I have eyes in the back of my
head she thought it was
Cody hey shut the hell up I said no
talking you're going to make my
schizophrenia act up sorry yeah shut up
I'm not trying to die today it was Jeffy
he threw the paper ball hey Window
Licker what you're ugly you're ugly yeah
well if the seat wasn't here I'd fight
you well I can jump over the seat yeah
me too well it's go
then they fighting oh fight fight fight
fight a fight oh hell no I want a piece
of that wait wait who's driving the
bus where get the hell get back to your
seats if I catch you fighting again you
both are going to leave here in body
bags yes sir that's right sick of these
damn kids can you please just drive the
bus hold on I need to take a sip of my
yooo put your yooo down and drive the
bus how about you get pregnant at 15
years old drop out of high school and
become a bus driver then you can make
the rules okay oh what a why am I
getting pulled over probably because you
weren't driving the bus well my son is a
police officer I'm getting out of this
ticket can't wait to see what this is
about open the
door ma'am can you please explain to me
why no one was driving this bus but Mom
why are you driving a bus I knew my own
son would be the one to pull me over Mom
you weren't driving the bus there's kids
in here you can't do that well there was
a fight in the back and I had to break
it up well then why didn't you just pull
over and you're not even supposed to be
driving your license got suspended
because you got too many DUIs well I got
to make money somehow are you going to
pay my mortgage no all right then get
the hell off my bus okay but look if you
get pulled over again I can't help you
that's all right this Force loves me
okay all right sorry about that kids
that was my son trying to pull me over
and give me a ticket so if you love your
mother and you grow up don't be like him
now let's see if I can get you to
schools on time so you can get an
edacious hey Joseph what are you doing
dude I got to get ready for school got
to smell good well she said Don't Spray
cologne dude she'll never know a je all
right that's it which one of you sprayed
the cologne I just sneezed my tampon out
was it you I'm throwing up oh I'm going
to find who sprayed that cologne and
when I do I'm going to throw you off
this moving bus dude she's coming what
do we do with it get rid of it thr thr
it was it you do you guys have the
cologne uh no I think it's back there
yeah all right I'm coming what is this
aha I got you what are you talking about
you're the one with the alone no I just
found it uh-huh likely story you're
coming with me you're coming up this
bus you my
bus I'm calling my Dad did she just
throw off the bus she did dude she did
at least it wasn't me cuz my life
matters mhm that's it Bratz you've
broken every rule you started talking
you had cologne I swear you guys are on
the last strike oh no my bag's full of
throw up I got to roll the window
down that is it what did I say about
rolling the window down I am pulling
this bus over right now what did I tell
you about putting the window down but I
had to throw up well next time you throw
up in your mouth and swallow it but my
throw up bag was full oh your throw up
bag is full well come on with me we're
going to go outside and dump it on the
ground and you're going to eat it man
Jeffy this bus driver is mean bet me
five bucks I won't steal this
bus bet oh man how do I drive this thing
let's listen to this baby
purr you guys ready to go home no scho
for us today we can't leave Cody we tell
him to get on your bus Joseph what's up
dude tell Cody to get on the bus we're
stealing this thing oh hell yeah all
right dump it right here on the ground
and eat it please don't make me do this
I said eat it Cody hurry up and get on
the bus we're stealing it Oh no you're
not you get back here she's right behind
me Jeffy close the door
kids better not steal my bus oh I'm
going to kill you kids we left
her all right guys we're home thank God
get me off this bus yeah oh man I hate
that bus well I like driving it well
what are we going to do with it we stole
it we should blow it up why would you go
and park in your driveway but what if
someone sees it I don't even know okay
look I don't want to be a part of this
yeah me either Marvin I got you DayQuil
oh thanks so much baby I just want to
lay down take my medicine and watch TV
hey NY Jeffy what are you doing here
you're supposed to be at school that was
the meanest elf driving that school bus
what elf what is he talking about oh
daddy told me that one of Santa Claus's
elves would be driving the bus and
that's how they know where to pick me up
at Marvin why would you tell him that
why am I getting yelled at Jeffy is
skipping school Jeffy why are you not at
school right now because the elf was
being so mean that I kicked her off the
bus and I stole the bus and it's parked
in your driveway want to see it you
stole the school bus there's no way you
did that there's absolutely no way but
you did that morvin look the
news breaking news M K this student has
allegedly stolen a school bus if you
have any information on his whereabouts
you're asked to contact the police look
daddy I'm on the news I'm famous Jey
when you get out of jail from stealing
that school bus you are so grounded how
did we raise a criminal I was just
trying to save Santa Claus's reputation
cuz that elf was really really mean oh
no who's at the door what if it's the
cops hello hey there you know anything
about a missing school bus uh no no I
don't really come with me uh what's that
a school bus why would you lie to me I
thought we were friends but buddy we are
friends don't touch me I don't want to
be touched by Liars look I'm so sorry
but my son stole the school bus I know
he did he's an idiot cuz he stole it
from my mom your mom what oh come on
what are we in Middle School mom jokes
really your mom how about that no I mean
like you stole it from your mom yes he
did and you know what that is Grand
Theft Auto 6 where is it it's been like
9 years I mean I know Grand Theft Auto 5
is good and all but it's not 9 years
good I'm ready for another one so where
is it huh huh tell me where is it I
don't know I know you don't why would
you you don't work for Rockstar let's go
talk to your son okay Jeffy the police
officer wants to speak to you I'll plead
the fils okay Jeffy look I know you
stole the bus we all know you stole the
bus but I can't arrest you why can't you
arrest them because if I arrest Jeffy
then I'd have to arrest my mom your mom
okay are all of you that immature that
you're still making mom jokes your mom
how about that all of your moms are ugly
how does that feel not great huh all
right yeah I can't arrest Jeffy cuz I'd
have to arrest my mom for driving
without a license and apparently letting
kids take a bus your mom's an elf okay
if one of you makes another mom joke
you're all going to jail look look look
okay so jeffy's not getting arrested no
but I'm just going to have to let him go
with a slap on the wrist so let me see
it ow I would have rather went to jail
yeah I know I'm a good slapper what so
who's going to drive the bus if your
mom's not driving it it's going to be
somebody very responsible with kids come
on down
wait wait no that's that's the John Cena
music how does the prizes right music go
like no that's je that's Jeopardy shut
up it's it's like it's
like no that's that's
popey okay shut up that's McDonald's
just you know what just get in here it's
me I'm going to be the one driving the
bus until we find a new bus driver I
didn't see that coming neither did I
well it looks like everything worked out
just fine but where is Grand Theft Auto
6 though I mean seriously let's have
that conversation it's been like 9 years
[Music]