daddy why am I blindfolded because Jeffy
we have a big old plate of ice cream in
front of you with chocolate strawberry
and vanilla so I want you to take a bite
and guess the flavor yummy yummy yeah so
take a big old spoonful of ice cream all
right are you sure it's not green beans
no it's ice creams eat it all right I
better be safy and sorry what you Jeffy
why would you do that let me see if I
was right knew it what Jeffy eat your
green beans right now I want pizza
you're not eating pizza you're going to
eat those green beans off the ground
come on baby well I'm going to make my
own pizza open the box take the pach out
put it in there open up the
oven that sound means it's
cooking Marvin I think it was really
mean that you lied and told Jeffy green
beans was ice cream look we have to get
him to eat his green beans somehow there
are other vegetables Marvin well I want
him to eat green beans cuz they're the
healthiest ones I think the pizza's
ready yep it's
done there's a fire alarms going off oh
my God Jeffy let's go check Marvin
Marvin what's going on I I don't know
what Jeffy what is that pizza I told you
not to make pizza and you burned it I
didn't burn it then why are you wearing
a gas mask because I burned it and it's
smoky in here Telly that is said you are
grounded you could have burn the house
out get
out yeah get out of the house Jeffy
Marvin that's so mean he could have
burnt the house down so smoking him and
look look at that pizza I said no
pizza uh m i clogged the toilet what
Simmons how did you clog the toilet on
the International Space Station well
there's no gravity in space so when I
took a poop in the toilet kind of just
floated out so I used this to shove it
back in there Simmons now I can smell it
through my helmet now we're going to be
trapped up here with that smell for 3
months well I can light a candle no
don't do
that Houston Houston we have a huge
problem Simmons flipped his lighter and
ignited the methane gas and his poop
fumes and now the whole Space Station's
on fire we're going down somebody help
us Houston Houston oh all I wanted was
pizza a shooting star I wish I had pizza
dear God someone please help us we're
going to die my wish will never come
true wao did you see that giant Fireball
in the sky yeah it was a shooting star
and I wish for pizza is this pizza for
me well no I was actually delivering it
across the street oh thank you so much
My Wish did come Dre wait that's not
yours oh not again Marvin that was very
mean kicking Jeffy out of the house
because he burnt the pizza he almost
burn the house down but he didn't hey
Daddy Pizza Time Jeffy I said no pizza I
wished for this pizza that's a lie no
it's not I saw a shooting star in the
sky and I said I wish I had pizza and
then Pizza Time Pizza do not just appear
out of nowhere who gave you this the
delivery man cuz you ordered it no I
didn't I wish for it that did not happen
yes it Market Market look our favorite
commercial hold on Jeffy I got to watch
my favorite commercial I'm on the
internet a lot and my browser takes up
so much memory I can't even open a few
tabs before everything starts slowing
down luckily I found the perfect
solution Opera let me show you some of
the features that make it my new default
browser meet Arya this little genius
assistant lives right in the sidebar
ready to give me answers instantly and
even generate content based on my
wildest ideas also an oper sidebar are
quick access to music and messages being
able to switch between Spotify and
chatting on WhatsApp without leaving my
browser is just chef's kiss I'm a tab
monster and always have so many tabs
open at once tab islands is a feature
that keeps me super organized saving
space and making my browsing experience
so much smoother don't want people to
know what you've been browsing Opera's
VPN keeps my browsing undercover and my
location a mystery all built in Opera
has so many features available in just
one click Lucid mode sharpens videos
like magic snapshot lets you quick grab
and edit anything in the screen battery
saver gives you even more screen time
before needing to charge all just to
click away and other browsers are boring
with Opera's thousands of wallpapers
including animated ones you can make
yours as unique as you are so ready to
join the Opera Revolution click the link
in the description and download Opera
desktop browser to get your internet
upgrade today thanks to Opera for
sponsoring this video man I love that
commercial all right Jeffy back to what
I was saying there's no way you wish for
a pizza for a shooting star it came true
yes I did daddy I looked up in the sky
and I saw twinkle twinkle little
shooting star and I was for pizza time
and now I have piz th that's a lie Jeffy
tell me what actually happened Marvin
look the news
now breaking news UK the International
Space Station has caught on fire and
crashed into a residential area on Earth
there were two astronauts on board and
they are presumed dead the International
Space Station crushed those poor
astronauts but Pizza th hey mind if I
lay on your pizza box are you okay I've
been better Marvin I'll be honest I have
been better what happened to you well I
was flying in the International Space
Station and then my caut lit a lighter
in the cabin and ignited the poop fumes
because methane gas is very flammable so
the whole thing exploded and I landed in
your pool well is your coaster not alive
I don't know he's probably dead wait
Jeffy is that the shooting star you
wished on maybe what so Jeffy said he
saw a shooting star outside and he
wished for pizza oh that wasn't a
shooting star that was a burning space
station and I really wish you had wished
that I wasn't burning to death at 250
miles in the air to be fair he didn't
know it was a space station but guys the
craziest thing that just happened here
is that Jeffy wished for a pizza and it
came true really that's the craziest
thing not the International Space
Station crashing in your backyard and
one of the astronauts surviving and then
coming into your house and laying down
on the pizza that's not the craziest
thing no that is crazy but wishes aren't
real and Jeffy wished for something and
it just appeared yeah pizza's crazy
anyway I got to go I got to go to my
pilot job cuz I don't want to get
fired I am in so much pain all right
Jeffy you're not allowed to eat this
pizza why Marvin let Jeffy eat his magic
wish for pizza no he can't get his way I
hate when he gets his way you literally
almost killed astronauts over pizza I
want my pizza Daddy no Jeffy if you're
going to eat it you're going to eat it
outside okay yeah get out of here go out
get out you goober and also you got to
go to school tomorrow but tomorrow
Saturday you have to go to school every
day that's your punishment you're going
to school
forever get that pizza out of here
oh man I'm really glad that shower I
took washed all the ashes off me and I
put my eye drops in man I really had to
stop talking to myself in the cockpit if
anybody hears the Black Box recording
they're going to think I'm crazy oh look
a flock of birds maybe if I hit him with
my plane I can land the plane like Sully
and I'll be a
hero take that birds oh good it knocked
out both engines now I just have to
Glide the plane and land it on a lake oh
wait I just said all of that out loud if
anybody does hear the blackbox recording
I'm going to be in so much trouble I'm
going to go to jail forever okay I just
got to crash the plane so hard it
disintegrates the Black Box I just have
to make sure I jump out at the right
time a my daddy's so mean I don't want
to go to school another shooting star I
wish I never had to go to school ever
again Daddy Dy Daddy I went outside like
you told me to and I was going to eat my
pizza but then there was another
shooting star and I wish for no more
school Jeffy that's not going to happen
there's no way school is going to stop
existing Marvin look the
news breaking news a passenger plane
carrying 300 people has crashed into an
elementary school and the school is
closed indefinitely in other words it's
closed until it's not look daddy my wish
came true baby how did his wishes keep
coming true he wished for no more school
and then a plane hit a school which
means no more school oh those poor kids
at the school baby there's no kids at
the school it's night time you should be
saying those poor people on the airplane
they're not poor Marvin they can afford
a plain ticket they're still dead a
those poor dead rich people
hey guys I need you to help me hide this
black box because if somebody finds it
I'm going to go to jail what's going on
well I was flying my plane and I wanted
to be a hero like Sully so I hit a flock
of birds but then I realized the
blackbox recorded me saying I was going
to do that so I decided to crash the
plane into a school hoping the explosion
would disintegrate the black box but man
they make these things pretty tough how
did you survive the crash well I jumped
out at the last second into a bounce
house Factory you know a place that
makes bounce houses I'm not going to lie
I bounced around for a little while
before I came over here I was having a
good time you know what's even crazier
does it involve pizza kind of Jeffy went
outside to eat his pizza he saw another
shooting star and he wished for no more
school and then you crashed your plane
into his school which means no more
school well I was going to do that
whether he wished for it or not but can
you believe his wishes keep coming true
these don't really sound like wishes
they sound like coincidences I mean why
doesn't he wish for something cool like
a dinosaur I don't know you have to ask
him there's someone at the door I'm I'm
going to go answer it hello hey there my
name is Chief and I'm with the NTSB I'm
trying to track down a black box from a
plane that crashed a few miles from you
here oh well if it crashed a few miles
away from me you should go check that
area it's not here well you see the
International Space Station crashed in
your backyard so I was already in the
neighborhood and I figured you might
have it oh no I don't have a black box
here H well the Black Box does have a
Tracker that says it is inside your
house maybe it's on my roof no no it is
very precise it says it's in your house
upstairs on the couch see we need the
black boxes to be very very precise oh
well I mean you can go take a look but I
don't think it's there all right thank
you well well well what do we have here
oh hey chief of the ntsp I see him thank
you well what are you doing here I'm
just trying to track down the black box
of the plane you were flying oh well
well I got it right here I I just wanted
to grab it before it fell into the wrong
hands well how'd you survive the crash I
jumped out at the last minute into a
bounce house Factory that seems very
lucky yeah it it really was I think we
better listen to that recording oh no we
don't have to do that I I already heard
it it's actually really boring you don't
want to listen to that I think I'll
listen to it anyway I'm so sorry
everybody I just wanted to be a hero
like Sully I hit all those birds on
purpose but now the Black Box recorded
me saying all these incriminating things
so I have to crash the plane to try to
destroy it oh wait is that a bounce
house Factory oh that looks fun sayara
everybody well guy looks like you're
going to prison you have to catch me
first oh come on guy don't make me catch
you I'm old all right I got to go after
him you guys can hang on to the the
Black Box I got what I needed Marvin
look the
news breaking news Okay Lance is out of
town and we forgot to get a scene so now
I have to do a shitty voice over of Mr
Goodman breaking news and medor the size
of Mount Rushmore is coming right at
Earth and nothing's going to stop it
we're all going to die Marvin we're all
going to die no no no no hold on hold on
I have an idea I have an idea Jeffy
you've made two wishes today that have
came true so if you could wish on the
meteor that won't kill us we'll all
live hey guys it's Logan we officially
launched an SML gaming channel go
subscribe right now we're going to be
uploading gaming videos every single day
just like this Roblox one you see on
your screen right now so please go
subscribe to the new SML gaming channel
for new content every single day let's
get our robong hey hey Junior what are
you doing is this doing anything for you