hey Daddy I just farted and I don't know
if I crapped my pants or not how do you
not know well because it was a big burst
of air followed by some moisture and I
don't know if it's humidity from my gu
or just straight [ __ ] well go to the
bathroom and check well I think we
should do the smell test all together
now no [ __ ] Jeffy you have a booger in
your nose well it's coming out both ends
I guess Jeffy go get a tissue no we
don't need tissues that's why God gave
us fingers for booger plucking Jeffy
don't dig in your nose well then give me
a fork what a fork oh never mind I got
one Jeff don't use a
fork there oh that's a good one that
one's going on the ball the ball yeah
the booger ball let me show you booger
ball mommy daddy I present to you my
booger ball JY what the [ __ ] is that
it's a booger ball I just told you that
every time I pick my nose I add it to my
booger ball Jeffy that's disgusting how
long have you been working on this H
when did I show up on your front
doorstep that's a lie Jeffy when you
first got here there was no booger ball
on you yes there was it was just the
size of a grap and I had it in my back
pocket but now it's the size of a
bowling ball oh bowling ball dick
knocking pins down and [ __ ] sometimes
going in the gutter and [ __ ] Jeffy we're
getting rid of it it's gross if we have
to get rid of it then you got to touch
it I'm not touching your booger ball
it's probably all slimy it's not slimy
it's all hardened it's like a cocoon
full of Booger pillars and one day
you're going to grow up and become big
booger flies Jeffy get rid of this
stupid booger ball why the [ __ ] is it on
my couch after you add that booger you
leave well no Daddy this is a piece of
art no one questioned Jeff Bezos when he
started Amazon cuz he helped people he
sold [ __ ] books shy your nose is
bleeding oh my God you should probably
call a doctor okay I will cuz he picked
his nose with a fork they're meant for
salads well oh Caesar salad dick with
croutons and roma salad and [ __ ] hey
somebody call an oologist no we called a
doctor well yeah that's just a big word
for nose doctor so you're a nose doctor
of course he knows doctors Marvin he is
one yeah I'm a nose doctor I nose all
there is to nose about noses I actually
just got back from Pinocchio's house so
I guess you could say it's been a pretty
long day you know cuz he's a [ __ ]
liar and his nose grows every time he
lies so I got to go to japp's house once
a week to trim his nose down so what'
you guys call me well jeffy's nose is
bleeding oh well it's not supposed to do
that how'd that happen is it the pencil
in his nose no it's cuz he picked his
nose with a fork what is going on around
here it's January thank you for stating
what month it is do you have month
tourettes well l can you just tell Jeffy
to not pick his nose with a fork I can
write him a doctor's note telling him
not to pick his nose with a fork if you
think that'll help I don't know well see
that's why you're not a nose doctor cuz
you don't nose well listen can you just
tell Jeffy not to make booger balls oh
hey a booger ball I haven't seen one of
those since high school you've seen a
booger ball before yeah I used to know a
kid who'd make him all the time his name
was Noah Pickins the nose picker let me
tell you about him so when I was in high
school there was this kid named Noah
picking the nose picker he was known for
picking his nose I'm talking he was
picking his nose 24/7 there was all
always a finger in his nose digging for
gold his fingers were so sticky from all
the boogers he could actually climb up
the walls like Spider-Man he actually
won the state championship football game
because he caught the game-winning
touchdown with one booger finger he was
like Odell Beckham before Odell Beckham
was Odell Beckham he was so cool after
that every kid in the school started
picking their noses too but their
boogers just weren't as sticky as his
then one day there was a hole that was
blown in the dam of the city and the
whole town was flooding so Noah took all
his boogers and made one big booger ball
and plugged up the whole in the dam and
saved the whole town the mayor even gave
him the key to the city then they named
that day National booger ball day in
honor of Noah Pickins the nose picker so
now every year the town has a contest to
see who can make the biggest booger ball
I don't know what happened to Noah
Pickins but I heard he actually changed
his first name to
George that was a great story Brooklyn
guy oh I said booger way more than three
times oh yeah and I remember that kid
man he sure could pick some boogers but
you know one booger he could never get
me your best pal booger well that's
because you're my imaginary friend man
you really must have wanted to hang out
huh Brooklyn guy no I was just telling a
story that required me saying booger a
lot who are you talking to I'm talking
to my imaginary friend booger he shows
up if I say booger three or more times
well now that I'm here we have so much
catching up to do I visited my M my
grandpappy my great grandpappy my great
great great great great uncle cuz you
know we don't die okay but what happens
when I die well I just move on to the
next kid but I'm not a kid so you could
leave now but why would I do that we're
having so much fun hey tell you what
booger I need gas in my car you think
you can run it up to the gas station for
me oh yeah of course buddy okay guys
let's make this quick I didn't give him
my keys who are you seriously talking to
you have an imaginary friend yes his
name is booger don't worry about it I
didn't see him at all that's cuz he's
imaginary oh okay well what were you
saying about jeffy's booger ball oh I
was saying you should enter that in the
booger ball competition it is today
there's no way it just so happens to be
the day you come over talking about
booger balls well it is January 5th
that's National booger ball day I'm not
going to enter his big stinky disgusting
booger into a contest well the reward is
a bunch of money well how much well how
much do you happen to need right now I
don't really need any money right now I
don't think oh well you do owe me for
everything I helped you out with last
year like what well like every time I
was a cop or a doctor or something and I
helped you okay how much do I owe you
baby get my wallet um let's say
$400,000 I don't have $400,000 what
makes you think you have to I have to
pay that much well I mean I could go
look but it might be more might be less
how about we just meet in the
hypothetical middle of $400,000 okay but
I don't have that much money how am I
going to get that much money well you're
in luck because the reward for the
booger ball competition is a $20 Best
Buy gift card that's not going to pay
off your $400,000 bill you just gave me
well I know you're not going to give me
$400,000 so I'll take the gift card okay
fine me and Jeffy will enter the stupid
booger ball competition but I'm not
touching it okay but you're going to
need a bigger booger ball than that
because I'm entering
two come on Jeffy roll that to the
convention
center and try to pick your nose and
make it bigger yeah hello and welcome to
the National booger ball competition
people from all over the world have
picked their nose collected their
boogers and roll them up into a ball the
winner today is going to win a $20 Best
Buy gift card in the mail in two weeks
I'll be around to judge
shortly waa Jeffy it looks like you have
the biggest booger ball here yep what
can I say I'm [ __ ] disgusting I got
the biggest booger ball ever you guys
really think you can beat me and booger
ball your booger ball may be bigger than
my booger Ball but my booger ball is
more pure all right I'm ready to come
around and start judging booger balls
let's look at your booger ball Tom Brady
well my wife got pregnant from another
man so I've been picking my nose a lot I
tried to make my booger ball look kind
of like a football well that's a pretty
nice booger ball Tom how about you son
Let's see your booger ball my Mommy T
not to Pig my nose but to do it anyway
so I took all my boogers and I rolled
them up into a big old ball that's a
pretty a good booger ball son how about
your booger ball my booger ball is made
out of 100% premium pure boogers why say
that's a pretty damn good Boogle ball I
guess you the great googly moogly Jesus
Christ look at that big old Boogle ball
son how long did it take you to make
that big old Boog ball um how long has
it been since I showed up at your house
daddy listen he's been working on it for
years well I guess I have no choice but
to declare you the winner of the booger
ball competition not so fast what in the
booger ball I present to you the world's
biggest Booga ball holy [ __ ]
guacamole look at that big old Booga
ball it looks like a whole new planet
yeah well I do pick my nose a lot well I
have no choice but to name you the
winner of the Boog of ball
competition wait what is that oh yeah
well I I may have pulled the booger ball
out of the dam so now the whole town is
going to flood sweet Jesus fan booger
ball Everybody Run for your lives get to
higher ground but but but the gift card
though 2 weeks oh damn it I might as
well go Tom BR run you're going to drown
my wife got pregnant by another man I
don't care anymore I'll go down with the
ship what's going on some [ __ ] took
the booger ball out of the dam what who
would do such a thing everyone knows how
important the booger ball is to our town
I don't know sounds like a real [ __ ]
to me it was you don't tell her that she
doesn't know B how do you know that name
what there's someone on the
news breaking news the town is flooding
because someone took the booger ball
that was clogging the hole in the dam we
don't know why anyone would do this
because the town knows how important the
booger ball was to Holding Back the
Water if anyone has any solutions to
clogging the hole in the dam the mayor
of the city is offering a $20 Best Buy
gift card however it'll take 2 weeks to
arrive in the mail oh guys I need that
$20 Best Buy gift card you already want
a $20 Best Buy gift card I could have 40
okay let's think of ways to clog the the
damn why don't you just grab the booger
ball and put it back I can't I left it
at the convention center and now it's
all flooded the water probably destroyed
it if water destroys the booger ball
then why didn't the water destroy it
when it was when the booger ball was
clogging the dam shut the [ __ ] up oh
dang I got an idea on how to clog the
dam a shitball don't say a [ __ ] ball the
most ridiculous thing I've ever heard
that [ __ ] ball wouldn't work there's not
even such thing as a [ __ ] ball breaking
news the hole in the dam has been filled
by a local citizen he filled it with his
shitball here's a statement from him now
so I saw
where the town needed a new booger ball
to fill the dam and I don't have boogers
but I do have [ __ ] so I sat there and I
know that sometimes I get constipate and
then the little balls of [ __ ] come out
of my ass like so what I did was is I
collected a bunch of [ __ ] balls and I
made one big [ __ ] Boulder and so I went
down in there and I put it up and
clogged the hole and oh I'm feeling a
little rumbl in my tummy now and I think
there's going to be another
shitball who's ridiculous now of course
a shitball why didn't I think of that oh
who am I kidding I can't [ __ ] that much
nobody can well except for this kid I
went to high school with shits his pants
Shane oh he would [ __ ] all the time he
shat his pants so bad one time
[Music]
oh