[Music]
thank you for taking us out to eat chef
pee pee yeah i didn't feel like cooking
tonight so it's my treat uh my food was
raw and i ate half of it before i
noticed so now i'm worried i'm gonna get
sick would anyone like a taco box no i
don't need one uh hey my food was raw so
is there anything we could do i need one
what joseph you barely touched your food
yeah you only took two bites what's
wrong with you joseph well when you're
homeless like me you gotta shave for
every bite i'm gonna eat it later uh
guys i'm starting to feel kind of sick
ah here you are sir
oh man i can't wait to eat this later
wow wasting a perfectly good meal cody
it was a perfectly good meal i wouldn't
be throwing it up hey chef pee pee how
can you afford to take us all out to eat
that's the thing guys i can't right
there
so how are you gonna want to pay oh
bonus they died and dashed someone
called the police
chef if you didn't pay of course i
didn't pay that place is too expensive
we just can't eat there ever again i
don't want to eat there again my food
was raw oh you know what guys i'm kind
of hungry let me eat my burger
what joseph what happened to your phone
i don't know dude that's crazy oh
i can't believe you dude it was you cody
what you just burped that's your stomach
bragging that you just ate all of
joseph's food no i just had to burp no
you were so upset about your pink ass
burger that you ate my burger well i
didn't eat your burger it all makes
sense cody you were mad about your food
at the restaurant so when we weren't
looking you shoveled all of jose's food
in your mouth like a fatty no i didn't
you're just like your mama big fat whale
cow yeah you obese ogre yeah big fat
ogre well i didn't eat your food no no
you're just like your mom the apple
doesn't fall far from the tree so your
mom eats all the apples because she's
fat and then she picks her teeth with a
tree like a toothpick fatty mc fat fat
so fat well i don't know what you're
talking about i didn't eat jose's food
but then where's his food at well i
don't know maybe it fell out into your
mouth
yeah or maybe maybe he picked up the
wrong box that's exactly what a fat
person who eats someone's to-go box
would say fat excuses yeah big fat
excuses okay what what can i do to prove
it let me smell your breath
why because then i could smell that you
ate joseph's food but we all had the
same food it's gonna smell the same no
jose's burgers smell different let me
smell it okay
oh it smells like joseph burger i knew
it i knew it it's so so fat i didn't eat
your goddamn burger okay then go step on
a scale what i want to weigh you if you
weigh like you have two burgers in your
belly then that means you ate it you
don't even know how much i weighed
before i ate you look super fat right
now you look like a chipmunk with all
the burgers in your cheeks what are you
talking about look come to the scale
come on admit it all right cody stop on
the scale this isn't gonna prove
anything it's gonna prove that your
belly's full of hamburgers you're the
hamburglar okay fine there i weigh about
50 pounds 50 pounds wow oh there's so
many hamburgers in that belly well i
didn't eat your burger if you admit it
now i won't be mad well you shouldn't be
mad because i didn't eat it the fact
that he keeps lying makes me sad oh josu
oh this is so stupid
it's gonna be okay joseph no it's not
dude he can't even admit that he ate my
burger okay guys that's it i've had
enough oh now you've had enough you
didn't have enough when you ate the food
at the restaurant you didn't have enough
when you ate joseph's food office to go
box why is it enough now oh my god guys
what am i gonna have to do to prove i
didn't eat it we can give you the fat
test what is the fat test the fat exam
or the fat what is the fat the fat is
the fat ass test it tests how fat you
are well okay fine i'll take the fat
joseph grab the butterfingers not the
butterfinger dude yup the butter fingers
grab it
where's the butterfinger for no fat
person can resist a butterfinger so
we're going to put the butterfingers in
the to-go box and you have to resist
yourself from eating it okay i'm just
not going to eat it no fat person can
resist the butterfinger dude yeah you're
going to grab that to go box and you're
going to start eating the butter finger
i'm not going to eat it okay we'll see
he's reaching for it oh
i wasn't reaching i was just sitting
down oh no no no you're just trying to
sneak your hand in to go boxing grab the
butterfinger you know what i'm just
gonna stand all the way over here oh
okay you're gonna try to go around the
couch and go behind our backs and eat
the butterfinger no i'm not gonna eat
the butterfinger because i didn't eat
the burger when would i even have had
time to eat the burger i was too busy
throwing up and running away you're just
trying to monologue so we fall asleep so
then you can grab your hand inside the
to-go box eat the butterfinger i'm not
gonna eat it oh yeah jose i'm showing
the butterfinger
it's right here maybe
you already ate it i knew it what how
would i even eat it well maybe you used
your mind your tele fat and mind yeah to
like to like teleport into your stomach
well i can't just absorb food with my
brain but your stomach can absorb food
with its fatness no guys i didn't eat it
this is weird i don't even know what
happened where did the butter finger go
cody i don't know maybe the box can like
teleport stuff inside it oh that the
boss can teleport stuff why why don't it
teleport me next to a model in the
shower maybe it only works if i clothing
huh
where am i
oh my sweet jesus oh my god what are you
doing
see look cody joseph is inside the to-go
box he's not teleporting anywhere you
can come out now joseph oh he's gone
where did joseph go how is this even
possible did you eat him you fatty no
shut up junior this is serious joseph
just disappeared how could that happen
well junior it is a to-go box maybe it
teleports you anywhere you want to go to
go box it's called that because it takes
you where you want to go sml movie the
to go box hit the subscribe button and
the like button oh oh wait so so you're
telling me that joseph teleported into a
shower with a supermodel no way oh hey
guys wait joseph where have you been i
saw cans it teleported you to a grocery
store no your friend got arrested for
being a peeping tom cause he got in the
shower with a supermodel although it's
not his fault officer he got teleported
from this to-go box what are you kids on
smack or something you're talking crazy
no really officer he's telling the truth
yeah sadness to go boxing and
teleporting me there oh really if this
to-go box really teleports people then i
want to be in the shower with a
supermodel
nothing's happening well i have to close
it what the where am i what oh my sweet
jesus um
hey could you pass the soap oh my god
you guys think it worked yeah dude it
worked for me oh man you kids were not
lying she was pissed oh but man was she
hot though officer why do you think this
to go box teleports us places i don't
know you guys got some kind of crazy
alien to go box technology honestly i
just destroy it nobody should have that
much power all right we'll destroy it
right now oh man my ugly wife is calling
me hello ugly wife
oh you heard that huh what's up karen
pointy i sort of kind of started a fire
in the kitchen how'd you manage that
karen i was cooking why would you even
attempt that we both know you're bad at
it because i was really hungry pointy
why didn't you just eat a lunchable
boitie it's a mess i need you to come
home and cook dinner you have to do
laundry too and give me a bathroom
because my back hurts why does your back
hurt what did you do today well i just
woke up and i need you to feed the four
puppies too we don't have puppies karen
oh i adopted puppies today and they peed
all over the house so you need to clean
that up when you get home
okay
i want to go to hawaii what you want to
go what close the box okay
oh man i am in paradise nope not
answering my phone you guys think he's
enjoying hawaii i know i would yeah he
probably is but we should still destroy
this thing like the cops said you're
right cody let's destroy it no we can't
dude we have our own teleportation
device let's use it let's have fun
you're right joseph when are we ever
gonna get a teleportation device again
we should have fun and go places we'll
never go we could go to disney world in
tokyo oh dude i love asian mickey mouse
he loves your long time what cody come
on let's go have fun guys this thing is
dangerous how is it dangerous cody what
if we teleport somewhere bad like what
your mom's bedroom while she's getting
dressed we'll see a big fat whale naked
oh
yeah like that come on cody we can
teleport you to a buffet so you can keep
eating food you fatty do you guys still
think i ate joseph's food after all of
this
you guys are idiots come on cody why
don't we teleport to the moon and we can
jump around in zero gravity oh that'd be
fun dude you would die how would we die
people have been to the moon before
haven't died well there's no air we'll
hold our breath well even if you could
hold your breath that long you'd still
freeze to death in space we can wear
jackets
well i don't think you guys understand
how cold space is we'll wear two jackets
okay fine junior go to the moon do it no
i don't want to go anymore why because
you know you're gonna die no cause you
ruined it i don't want to go to the moon
anymore stupid okay whatever dude dude
if this could teleport us anywhere it
could take me to meet my dad you've
never met your dad before and they can
find your dad for you and take you to
your dad i know dude like he abandoned
me when i was little so i could just pop
up on them and maybe we could like play
basketball together or something oh my
god you have to get in there okay okay
take him to your dad come on take me to
my dad huh wait where am i
dad
i dropped it off then
somebody get me out guys guys help help
do you think he's with his dad yeah i
bet they're laughing and giggling and
hugging and having the best time yeah i
bet they are all right cody where do you
want to go i'm not going anywhere in
that damn thing but why not you don't
want to go see your mom why would i see
my mom i already know where she is she's
at home no she's in a deep blue sea
because she's a whale oh my god junior
stop with the mom jokes okay i'll be
done for the day hmm oh i know where i
want to go what if i teleport inside a
bank vault and i grab all the money and
bring it back here well you would have
no way of getting back oh you're right
oh what if i tie a string around me and
then and then i go to the bank and then
you pull me back with the string well
that might work i i don't know
are you sure you want to try it i mean
if you get caught in the vault trying to
steal money you're going to be in big
trouble well that's why you're going to
pull me back with the string you say so
i'm gonna get the string all right cody
so the string is wrapped around me so
i'm gonna go in the to-go box i'm gonna
go to a bank you're gonna count to ten
and then you're gonna pull me out and
i'm gonna have millions of dollars okay
count to ten then i pull you out got it
all right
to go box take me to a bank with a lot
of
money oh my god it worked look at all
this money cody we're so rich all right
count to ten one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten
oh [ __ ] oh no oh no what am i gonna do
oh good it's junior hello you let go of
the string i didn't let go it broke off
oh yeah likely story you're just mad at
me because i called you fat so you're
trying to get payback by making me
stranded in this vault but no your side
of the string teleported away with you
you're supposed to hold on to it i did
but it broke in half cody you have to do
something i don't want to go to jail
teleport me like a uh a blanket a
blanket why it's cold in here junior i
really don't know how to help you oh can
you teleport me some snacks like some
skittles or like a butterfinger well
junior i don't think that's gonna help
oh no the alarm's going off they found
me cody i gotta go oh man
[Music]
breaking news okay a kid has been
arrested after breaking into a safe and
trying to steal all the money wow can
today get any worse there is there's the
guy that died and dust got him what no
i didn't even like yours
take me somewhere anywhere
[Music]