hey Dad look I drew you as your balloon
wow Jeffy that's so good we should put
that on the refrigerator no we're not
putting that on the refrigerator Jeffy
that's a dumb drawing I'm not a balloon
I can never be a balloon why was just
trying to be creative I'm not a balloon
Jeffy Marvin stop being so mean to Jeffy
it's okay momy I'm just going to try my
hardest not to
cry go to your room Jeffy
well then how could you be so mean to
him I'm not a balloon listen I just got
to calm down let's just turn on the news
and distract
me breaking news UK I'm here on scene
with super d a hero who's just saved a
woman from a burning building behind me
so tell me super D how did you do it
well I was on a Tinder date with this
girl and she wasn't really feeling me so
when she wasn't looking I used my laser
eyes to set her house on fire so then I
saved her from the fire and now she's
way into me and she thinks I'm a hero a
truly amazing hero so tell me why did
you save the woman's life well I thought
if I saved her life she'd be eternally
grateful for me and want to bang me and
honestly I think it's going to work
incredible the world needs more Heroes
like you yeah if you don't mind uh I got
to go reap the benefits of this okay go
ahead oh wow super D saved that girl you
know we haven't heard from Super D in a
while and let's hope we never do what's
your problem Marvin I'm just tired of
hearing about your ex-boyfriends all the
time like imagine you had to hear about
my ex-girlfriends all the the time what
you don't believe I have ex-girlfriends
cuz I do okay Marvin and they're super
hot yeah I bet Marvin with big boobies
yeah the biggest movie and they're super
hot and freak yeah but they were
especially with that hairline I'm
missing my hair cuz how freaky they were
they would pull my hair yeah freaky yeah
so I settle down with you I I have like
30 ex-girlfriends that are hot 30 they
are hot super hotter than you okay
Marvin well if that were true then you
wouldn't be so worried about my EXP
boyfriends I'm not worried about your
ex-boyfriends I'm worried about you
seeing my ex-girlfriends cuz they're so
hot all right Mar oh look there's
someone at the door it's probably one of
my girlfriends oh you better go get the
door then don't be mad when I answer and
she's naked my stomach hurts hello hey
there it's Rose here super D super big D
what are you doing here Rose is in
danger and we have to save her what kind
of danger we don't have time to explain
is she here yeah where is Rose uh she's
not here she just went to the store I
think oh let me use my super smell to
see if she's in the
vicinity oh yeah yeah she's here I'll
never forget that smell she's upstairs
let's go get
her call Marvin who was at the door let
me guess one of your ex-girlfriends no
it was two of your ex-boyfriends what
hey Rose what's up sexy super D super
big D what are you guys doing here
you're in danger and we came to save you
what from whom from him hey
super huge long-lasting big girthy D
what are you doing here what who is that
uh that's Sam he's one of my ex
boyfriends after super D and super big D
left me why is he dressed like a ninja
turtle and why is his tail on the front
of his costume what tail it's a tail put
it away oh okay sorry I didn't know
little man was so insecure why don't you
just call him Sam why'd you call him
super longlasting super D whatever well
the first night that we met she came
over to my place and then the next
morning she just called me super huge
longl lasting Big girthy D and it's true
can you please just take this gun and
shoot me in the head okay bro Marvin
come on we were only together once and
the next morning I had to go to the
hospital pull the trigger I'm trying bro
there's no bullets in there see there's
no clip but I'll keep trying I really
want to help I'm going to go find
bullets Marvin get back here cut that
out what are they even doing here he's
trying to kidnap Rose why are you trying
to kidnap her because she's the best I
ever had me too me three a you guys what
so you guys want to fight over her I'll
lose another Lego her yeah whoever wins
gets to keep her wait I do not agree to
this you know what uh I think we'll go
in the other room while you guys settle
this thing bring it on super huge long
lasting Big girthy D all right just let
me get
[Music]
ready one second all right I'm ready
your
funeral it's on my leg get it off helpet
I'm trying I'm trying oh it's around my
neck B it's choking me out all right
Rose I think we need to have a talk
about what Marvin I think it would just
be best if if we just you know filed for
a divorce what yeah I'm talking just a
quick divorce you know no lawyers
involved just a paper that says it's
over Marvin calm down I chose you I
married you hairline and all I know but
now that I saw super longlasting
whatever the hell his name is I just now
realize that's not a tale that that's
that's something else and I'm really mad
that he sewed a part of his costume just
to fit it in there yeah Rose he's coming
get in the closet get the closet Rose I
won Rose are you in
here I'll just come back
later I think he's gone let's go let's
go check on the
others what guys what happened we got
our asses kicked bro yeah we were no
match for his D it was just too big it
was too girthy come on you guys you
could have taken him we tried but our
D's weren't big enough yeah we tried to
combine D's and it still didn't work
come on guys you have muscles and
superpowers oh no we need an army of D's
we need a nuclear D Rose please tell us
what was the best D you ever had well I
married Marvin for a reason oh no no way
no there's no way this little shrimp is
packing no I don't believe it he must be
a grower cuz I can't see it he's super
Best I Ever Had D oh I don't believe it
I guess we must bow down to him we're
not worthy it must be so big we not
worthy yeah that's right it is Big I'm
super best she's ever had D so you
better listen to me I I got the biggest
one we got to get this man a costume
yeah fast come on let's get one and we
have to assemble the Avengers of D oh
yeah go on Marvin go kick it is d uh
that's right I'm going to go kick him
right in the D with cuz I'm the best
she's ever had D did you really mean
that yes of course Marvin okay oh oh I
heard someone at the door you did yeah
hold on let me go answer that oh man
please answer hey Marvin what's up hey
buddy I need your help so my wife has a
you called me buddy we really are
buddies aren't we Marvin we're best buds
yeah we're the bestest buddies ever
anyway I need your help my wife we
should have a secret handshake what we
should have a secret handshake that only
we know since for Best Buddies yeah okay
we'll work on that anyway I need your
help it can't be too long though because
I don't have a good memory for that kind
of thing we have to keep it very simple
okay we'll keep it simple anyway my wife
has a lot of and it has to be fast too
because I don't want anybody else to see
our secret handshake and steal it it has
to be just between us so we should do it
really fast when nobody else can pick up
on okay no one's going to want to steal
it cuz no one's going to care but listen
we'll work on that later listen I need
your help wife actually should I just
come over right now so we can practice
our secret handshake no no I'm very busy
and that's why I need your help see my
wife she has a lot of ex-boyfriends that
are very well endowed oh yeah it's rough
isn't it us little guys we just can't
compete you know and I don't I don't
even want a big one you know I I mean I
I don't need that I bet it would be
messy and besides my wife says the big
one's hurt anyway so she doesn't want
that so I mean I don't I don't yeah I
don't want a big one either I've never
said I wanted one of those anyway I told
my wife that I have a lot of hot
ex-girlfriend so do you know any hot
girls that can PR pretend to be my
ex-girlfriend well there's a girl that
works at the strip club I could probably
send over there yeah send her over here
and can you get her to dress like a
superhero oh Marvin you freaky bastard
yeah I think I can make that happen all
right thanks buddy I'll talk to you
later are you sure you don't want me to
come over to practice our secret
handshake right now no no I don't have
time for that but you you just practice
some over there okay I I will start
googling handshakes we can try later all
right thanks buddy
hello super host here I gave her that
name it's clever right Marvin because
she's a stripper oh yeah very clever
super ho what are you doing here buddy
well I had to show her where you live I
don't want her to get lost oh my God who
is this Superman That's My Boy Marvin
right
Marvin we don't have secret handshake
yet but we will yeah we will anyway I
need you to pretend to be one of my
ex-girlfriends like obsessed with me I
left you you cry about me every night I
was the best man you've ever been with
okay okay but when do you pay me oh yeah
Marvin I haven't paid it yet so you're
going to have to do that and uh you
already owe her about 500 bucks cuz she
did me a favor but it's okay because
we're Bros right who cares you know just
don't kiss her actually you know what do
kiss her who cares my fluids are your
fluids cuz we're best buddies actually
speaking of that I had some ideas about
a secret handshake hold up your hand I
want to show you so we do one of these
and we do one of these and we go like
this and then we go and then we play
Rock Paper Scissors and you let me win
every time because you do paper and I'm
going to do scissors and then when we're
out in public people are going to be
like damn that guy's really good at rock
paper scissors and it's going to make me
feel really good because because I'm
winning every time but then you're going
to feel bad because you're losing every
time so what if we take turns winning at
rock paper scissors so I'll win this
time and then you win next time and then
I'm not going to want to do it next time
because I know I'm going to lose and
then we're going to forget the handshake
cuz we're not doing it so so how about
we just actually play Rock Paper
Scissors for real and whoever wins wins
but it should be uh best two out of
three actually you know what best of
seven and and and we go on shoot we we
don't do rock paper scissors we do Rock
Paper Scissors Shoot but we can't say it
out loud because then somebody might
hear it and they might know our secret
handshake so so we have to be
like okay maybe we should say shoot so
we know when to shoot so we just be like
shoot but then if we're in public and I
say shoot somebody might think that I'm
actually going to shoot somebody so I
don't think we should do that no no rock
paper scissors how about we don't do
that how about we do patty cake the
whole thing baker's man and all you know
but again we can't say it out loud so we
just got to be you know we're going to
look like mimes fighting with okay but
buddy listen how about you just go back
home and go back to the drawing board
and come back when you have it figured
out yes yes you're right you're right
back to the drawing board you know what
I was thinking maybe I could go to
Walmart and pick up like a jump rope and
some Jacks we're going to have props
we're going to have a lot of props for
our handshake Marvin a lot of props okay
a lot of props do whatever you want
buddy h a chalk we get chalk and we do
some Hot Scotch for our handshake be so
cool I'm so excited Mor this is yeah go
figure that out all right listen I need
you to pretend to be my exgirlfriend in
front of my wife come on who was at the
door Marvin oh you know just my super
hot
ex-girlfriend okay yeah right Marvin no
I'm being serious I broke up with her
years ago and now she's crawling back to
me begging for me B she's like Marvin
please take me back no look she's right
here her name is super tight wet uh
doesn't take a long time to finish
doesn't have a smell doesn't have a bad
taste it loves Marvin V oh hi nice to
meet you and she's also a superhero oh
my God Marvin she can help fight super
huge longlasting big girthy D oh my God
I know him owie okay that's it you can
leave but you owe me $500 I'm not paying
for it blowy leave Marvin she could have
helped baby she wasn't a real superhero
she wasn't even my ex-girlfriend I hired
her to make you jealous you didn't give
a [ __ ] Marvin you got to get in your
costume and go okay fine where where
they put it oh this costume is so
uncomfortable hey Sick costume Marvin or
should I call you Super best she's ever
had D yeah that's so crazy I still can't
believe it no no don't question the
queen okay so it's just us three
fighting yeah this is the Avengers of D
but I also called in mosquito man cuz I
thought we needed a fourth person come
here Mosquito Man Mosquito Man what's he
doing here he doesn't even have any
powers now hold on he might not be able
to get STDs you see he got bit by a
mosquito when he was a kid and he got
West Nile Virus and he thinks maybe that
made him immune to all STDs cuz he's had
a lot of unprotected sex but he's never
caught an STD but he's not really sure
so every time he does have unprotect Ed
sex he still gets really worried that he
might get an STD I know you've explained
this before he basically has no powers
yeah but if super huge longlasting big
giry D has an STD then mosquito man
might be able to not catch it okay
that's the stupidest thing in the world
what is he really here for well he's got
a cool costume okay when are we going to
start fighting he's here all right who's
ready for a big serving of defeat all
right Avengers Assemble we're already
assembled oh yeah well in that case go
[ __ ] him up wait me yeah Marvin you're
our leader you're super best she's ever
had D go get him well she would save the
best for last uh Mosquito Man you go
first yeah go get a mosquito
man all right who's next Mosquito Man no
you monster you will pay for that why
don't we just all attack him at once oh
yeah good think it's super Bes she's
ever had D let's get him uh yeah you go
get
him Bring
It come on little man bring it let's see
why she calls you the best she's ever
had actually you know what I need to see
for myself oh no no why is it so tiny oh
it burns my
eyes I did it I did it everyone get
him okay I give up Uncle Uncle he gives
up we win
yeah hey baby who are you it's me Marvin
oh Marvin wow I didn't recognize you in
your costume yep and I just defeated
super huge longlasting big girthy D wow
Marvin I knew you could do it and you
know what I love the costume Marvin it's
very hot yep all your ex-boyfriends know
that I'm truly packing I guess okay
Marvin I got all this stuff we need for
our secret handshake so we're going to
play Rock Paper Scissors and then we're
going to do jump rope and then we're
going to play BPP it and then we're
going to do Hopscotch and then we're
going to play catch with this little
sticky ball thing Marvin I Love It
costumes that's such a great idea we
should have secret handshake costumes
and we wear them under our clothes so
whenever we're about to do our secret
handshake we just rip our clothes off
like we're Superman Marvin this is so
cool I love having the best buddy
[Music]