so guys what do you want to do today
well the seventh annual talent shows
tonight me and Timmy are entering a
talent show what kind of talent do you
butt buddies have besides stretching
your butts well Timmy can sing well so
can you I want to join the talent show
what talent do you have Junior uh I
could do magic tricks no you can't yeah
I can I'll be the best magician ever and
I'll beat you guys oh dude I'm going to
join the talent show what talent do you
have my talent is on my shirt dude the
color green is not a Talent dude you're
stupid it's obviously Ballin well don't
steal our idea yeah not that ball
basketball idiot I want to do talent
show all right how about we all join the
talent show and whoever wins wins well
that is how it works yeah you're going
down guys let say you're all going down
hello and welcome to the seventh annual
talent show the winner today will win
this big gold trophy in a million
dollars now let's meet the judges the
first judge is Leroy butter bottom hello
everybody the next judge is the always
mad and never impressed bald Simon cowl
I am not amused I don't care about
anything and the third judge is the
daughter of Hubba Bubba Lisa Bubba I'm
chewing double bubble because I hate my
dad your gum sucks dad let the talent
show
begin hi everybody my name's penelopy
and I can hula hoop for a really long
time go woo
what the hell was that oh sweetie never
try that again that was so terrible it
made one of my kidneys fail ouch I'm so
sorry who's
next but mate the C are open huh oh hey
everybody I am Brooklyn guy and this
here is my partner Simmons hello
everyone hello and today we we I I mean
I I am going to be shooting an apple off
of Simon's head while blindfolded and
plastered drunk if I got behind the
wheel of a car right now I'd kill
somebody all right Simmons you ready
yeah bud let's go okay Apple where are
you a little Scamp let me see oh that
feels right
[Music]
okay what what did I get it did I hit
the Apple oh [ __ ] oh no I just killed
Simmons
guys we saw someone die I've seen better
homicides than a Looney Tune hey
everyone I'm Junior the magician and he
sucks I don't suck I'm actually good at
Magic you guys be the judge if I suck or
not so today's trick I'm going to be
sawing Chef peee in half no the hell
he's not I have to for the talent show
no you're not you're not sawing me in
half and killing me for a talent show
I'm not going to actually kill you Chef
peee well we're not going to find out
cuz you not saw me in half please no
okay sorry everyone there was a change
in today's trick lineup M uh the next
trick I'm going to make Chef peee
disappear just put this blanket over him
put the blanket over him all right and
on the count of three Chef peee is going
to disappear in front of your eyes One
ow two that hurts Junior three damn it
I'm out of here Tada I made Chef peee
disappear oh my God where did he go he
just disappeared out of thin air oh my
God it's crazy two stretchy but holes
two stretchy but holes for me I'm not
impressed are there any more tricks okay
for my final trick I will be grabbing a
random card from this deck of cards
showing it to the judges and then
putting the card back in the deck and
then letting one of the judges Shuffle
the deck and then I will then find that
card I showed the
judges okay uh
discard what card is that don't tell
me I grab a different
card this one okay I I do not know which
card that is and I will grab the deck
and hand it to the judge all right who
would like to shuffle the deck oh me me
get my nickas wet did he just say a bad
word he can say
it you suck at shuffling well you
shuffle them
okay it doesn't have to be that good
just just just anything I'm doing it do
it my
way all right okay I have gotten the
deck back from the judges and it's all
shuffled there's no way I would know the
card I just showed you guys that's why
it's going to be the one that I choose
right
now is this the card I showed you
earlier no it's not no it's not oh well
I had a one in 52 chance and I didn't
get it but if I would have gotten it
that would have been crazy good night
everybody my God does anyone have any
real talent in this town who's
[Music]
next
[Music]
bend me over spank me slap me spit on me
and choke me Daddy touch my body make me
happy make my cheeks go clappy clappy hi
my name is Timmy's Daddy slurps on me
cuz I'm a bad gaining weight my schlong
is fatty eats it like a crabby patty
right me Daddy harder Daddy I need to be
punished daddy take it Timmy tug it
Timmy you need to be punished Timmy take
this wood like you should damn Timmy it
feels so good feels so good because
that's how it's supposed to
feel thank you everybody yeah thank you
thank you Timmy oh wait wait wait can't
forget this oh my God I love it I love
it Bravo uncore Oscar that would be a
grand they deserve all of them they did
perfect oh my God I loved it w that was
the most homosexual thing I've ever seen
I kind of like that I loved it hi guys
my name is Joseph and I'm going to do
the sickest nastiest slam duk ever
recorded I'mma Ali to myself off the
backboard 360 slam duk windmill watch
[Music]
this
[Music]
what [ __ ] I'm kobby before the
helicopter [ __ ] [ __ ] with your boy yeah
yeah the dunk it was Splendid but I
could do without the Kobe Comet throwing
a ball in a hoop is not impressive I
thought it was cool oh my God he's like
LeBron
James hello today my name is screw ball
and I'm a clown and my is is I make
animal balloons out of balloons for kids
at their birthday parties so my first
animal
is a
snake the next animal
is a worm the next animal
is a caterpillar with no legs and the
next animal
is an eel and the next animal is
a centipede with no legs and the next
animal
is a crocodile with no legs and no arms
and the next animal
is a green giraffe with no
legs this is just a dinosaur dick and
for my grand
[Music]
finale Kermit the Frog's dick
Tada I noticed that all of them were
like the same shape duh that's the magic
he's only making one balloon why not
make a dog or perhaps a spider all those
are too hard they're not too hard
because I made a dog under the table
while you were doing all of that find a
new talent because this one isn't it you
make me sick I'm sorry well someone
please come out with some godamn Talent
hey everybody my name is Patrick and I'm
a van Quist and this here is my V
triloquist dummy I'm not a dummy you're
the dummy little Patrick that's not very
nice now little Patrick what do you like
to do for fun well there's not much I
can do with your hand up my butt little
Patrick you're not supposed to tell
people I put my hand up your butt but I
just want you to stop doing it please
shut up little Patrick I'm now going to
take a simple water while I let little
Patrick do while they're
talking hey everybody I been a p it's
really hard talk when you make the water
up I almost drowned I wish you had
drowned little Patrick that's not nice I
going to go give you a spanking good
night everybody Leo Patrick I can't
believe you embarrass me like that out
there well I just want you stop putting
your hand in my butt I won't put my hand
in your butt I'd like to see you try
little Patrick okay did you hear my butt
little Patrick somebody help me somebody
help me don't pck get his hand at my
butt I'm starting to think he's
controlling that thing no [ __ ] Nimrod is
that his little
brother hey hey there I'm homeless but I
don't know how to juggle I'm going to
juggle these beer
bottles usually they Whistle Back to
juggling well good night everybody thank
you security not checking who's coming
in here Maurice don't let any more
goddamn hobos in the building hey
everyone my name is Jeffy and my talent
is that I can do Impressions go on hot
dog how's it going everybody who wants
to see my rat dick haha Miss Piggy I
know you're cheeny on me you two timing
[ __ ] you bang Burke and Ernie at the
same time g go to the strip club but
that cost me money
[Music]
chy wants you to know that he'll [ __ ]
his
pants get your fat ass over
here talk backwards I do stroke a had
something came in the mail today these
nuts got him got him
hello my friend I've never flown a plane
before what up for that building
mace name is George W plane just hit the
South Tower my bad oh my God that was
amazing how do you have that many people
inside you I've never had that many
people inside me maybe a few no but like
really how did he do that how did he
have so many voices coming out of him
mimicking people with actual talent is
not a talent get off my stage that was
the last contestant let's see who the
judges choose to be the winner if it
were up to me all of these contestants
would lose I refuse to pick a winner and
you can't make me well I love the gay
song but that's just me oh my God me too
really yeah oh my god well how about my
balloon dog yeah that was pretty cool it
was pretty nice who votes I
win that settles it I keep my million
dollars thanks for watching see you next
season oh for the seventh year in a row
it looks like bald Simon cowl
wins I can't believe none of us won yeah
dude that judge totally robbed us bald
Simon Cowell does that every year he's
won seven years in a row with his stupid
balloon animals and nobody saw that
coming I really thought our song could
beat his balloon animal this year well
what about my magic tricks you get the
card wrong Junior nah my dunk would have
brought Kobe back to life [ __ ] damn
Joseph that's two Kobe jokes in one
video calm down but it's true well I
made Chef peee disappear I did voices
yes you did uh Cody you forgot to get
the other ball out there were two up
there
[Music]
damn