my second day of
kindergarten has anyone seen my square
piece I can't find my square piece no I
think you stole my square piece I didn't
steal your square piece I'm coming who
stole my squ Mick out talk and Miss dck
purple they're not freaking
purple there not where it goes idiot
shove the blocks up your ass how about I
shove them up yours hey guys how's it
going don't touch my blocks you freaking
nud
okay hey Cody this piece won't fit well
that's because you got the cow in the
pig confused again Freddy oh you're so
smart Cody you should be in a higher
grade yes I should be hey Cody I learned
a new word from my dad last night you
want to hear it okay Hooker Hooker yeah
my dad said he wanted to go eat out a
hooker oh he must have been talking
about a hook and ladder sub from
Firehouse Subs then why did he say it
was going to be so hot uh because they
heat up their subs that that's why it's
called Firehouse is that why he came
home with red sauce all over his face
yeah he must have gotten a meatball sub
instead oh I want a hooker Miss Miss
Patrick can I have a hooker Mikey stop
it we do not say that word why are you
getting so mad a hooker just means a
sandwich no it's not if I hear you say
that word one more time you're going in
the timeout chair okay jeez I don't know
why she doesn't like sandwiches all
right class we're going to start the day
class class 1 2 3 eyes on me
quiet good all right today class I
didn't take my Xanax because my
prescription ran out Xanax is a fancy
adult word for happy medicine my dad
give me Xanax shut the [ __ ] up Mikey all
right class today is blue day over the
weekend you were supposed to get three
blue things for show and tell who wants
to go first oh Mrs fatrick pick me pick
me I want to go first me me me would
anybody else like to go first uh
anybody oh what about you Daryl
huh please anybody Freddy how about you
come on up a man okay all right Freddy
what three blue items did you bring well
I have my blue bowling pin and my blue
swimming goggles and my James PE St and
snuggy very good Freddy but actually you
have four blue items because you're
wearing a blue striped shirt [ __ ] does
that mean I fail No in fact it means you
get a prize out of the prize bucket
which is also blue okay I'm going choose
the Grim the prize bucket what's up
there Mrs spatrick how do I get
something out of the prize bucket by not
being you Mikey okay class who wants to
go next oh me me me me me Mrs back with
me no Mikey you're going last oh W Cody
how about you come up okay okay I'll do
it that's not [ __ ] fail hey give me a
toy no it's my toy give my toy give M
get back this toy God I hate him having
a rough day Mrs Fitz it's okay Cody okay
Cody what three blue things did you
bring okay check this out I'm wearing it
I got a blue bow tie a blue shirt and
blue shorts very good Cody go ahead and
sit down okay I just can't help but
notice you didn't give me something out
of the prize bucket well Cody you didn't
go above and beyond on Freddy brought
four blue things well he didn't even
know his shirt was blue his mom dresses
him all right who wants to go next okay
you know what [ __ ] you I'm going to go
Riley Mikey up don't you dare Cody Cody
how about a
sticker okay I guess I can take a
sticker hey Mikey check this out I got a
sticker Mrs fitchpatrick I want a
sticker Mikey if you shut up for the
rest of class I will give you a sticker
okay you already lost Daryl how about
you come up be be
yes Daryl come on
up get your ass up
here someone help Daryl come on
darl all right Daryl come on up now what
three blue things did you bring for show
and
tell oh very good you have a blue page
in your book okay what else did you
bring that's
blue oh blue shorts very good Daryl and
what's your third blue
thing uh let's see um oh here we go a
blue bear good job Daryl please go sit
down oh Mrs fatrick can I go next please
oh pick me pick me pick me pick me pick
me I promise I'll be good please okay
Mikey come on just let's get this over
with
okay I got some really good stuff okay
Mikey what three blue items did you
bring okay so for my first item I have
this really cool Blue Block awesome okay
what else did you bring for my second
item I have this really cool Blue Block
Mikey did you only bring blue blocks
from the class no I got a really good
last item for my last item I got this
pair of blue underwear from the backseat
of my dad's car Mony where the hell did
you get those I told you I got it from
the back seat of my dad's car miky get
out get go sit down do I get a prize now
Mikey get out of my sight go sit down
but I bought three blue things and my
pants are blue that means I bought four
things I deserve a priz set your ass
down Mikey CU it's [ __ ] oh I
freaking hate this class hey Mikey I
think your dad might be boning Mrs Fitz
Patrick because you found her underwear
in the back of your dad's car well my
dad is her top donator on her only
friend so that kind of makes sense all
right class I think we only have time
for one more Show and Tell before lunch
and I need lunch to go find myself a anx
so who wants to go right now I'll go all
right Alex come on up now what three
blue items did you bring well I don't
own anything blue but I got this purple
crayon cuz purple is my favorite color
okay well that is not blue you were
supposed to bring three blue things but
why is it going to be a purple day I
mean today's blue day last week was
yellow day we had a [ __ ] black mud
when's it going to be purple day it's
not if you keep talking like that mister
this is [ __ ] all right class new
rule no more cussing or I'm putting soap
in your mouths your parents sign waivers
I can legally do that okay how about
lunch pull out your lunches and I'm
going to go find me some medicine I hate
turkey and cheese Lunchables I have
nachos let me have one no guys guys make
room for a real pimp I got a pizza
Lunchable wa I've never seen one of
those in person before only rich kids
get to eat those yeah I go band for band
can I try a piece no Mikey you have fun
with your turkey and cheddar but I want
to try a piece yeah well I want to play
with your blocks don't touch my freaking
blocks okay then you can't have my pizza
can I try it sure Freddy why I say you
get to try it but I don't well because
Freddy's not a dick oh yeah well you
know
what don't Tri you me all right class
I'm back how about that it was Cody it
was Cody it was Cody it was him see he
has the pizza Lunchable he threw it
Mikey you freaking NK C Time Out Chair
now you go to the timeout chair that
means I can eat your pizza Lunchable
screw off Mikey all right Cody sit in
that timeout chair and think about what
you've done I don't want to go to stupid
timeout I don't care Cody you know
better than to throw food well then
Mikey should be in timeout because he
threw turkey at me you're wearing the
good boy sticker you should be setting
an example you didn't find your Xanax
did you no I did not then what do you
have for lunch a plan B damn you're
having a rough time aren't you yes I am
Cody now shut up and think about what
you've done all right class now I'm
going to read you a Dr Seuss book Hop On
Pop you hopped on my pop in the back of
his car God damn it Mikey get your ass
up here and sit in the timeout chair
wait we can't both sit in the timeout
chair yes you can until you two can
learn how to get along not freaking
Mikey oh man I didn't even get to finish
my lunch bow Mikey sit there next to
Cody move why are you pushing me Mikey
move you big fat butt out of the way
Mikey so help me God if you don't cut
this [ __ ] out I will call your father
why so you can leave more underwear in
his C making it worse Mikey oh I'm going
to hit him oh go ahead you can't hit me
harder than my father does you know what
maybe you two are perfect for each other
all right class Hop On Pop N have on my
pop cup pop pop in cup pop cup cup on
pop this book is freaking buling you
know what free day do whatever the hell
you want color draw play your games I'm
over it what teach you what about us can
we go play you will stay there till you
die but what about me can I go play no
you threw a pizza at the wall I was
throwing it at Mikey doesn't he deserve
it no I don't care both of you will sit
there and if you either one of you leave
I will write a note home to your parents
yeah more like a love
note I want to go play why don't you go
play Then [ __ ] well because unlike you
my dad's not being the teacher and I
don't think he'd appreciate getting a
note well I'm going to go play with Mike
blocks Mikey what are you doing get get
back in the chair Mikey Mikey woohoo my
box are so freaking
fun M get back here if she sees you
she's going to go both our parents M I'm
going to have to get him before she sees
and that one goes right there and that
one goes right there and this one goes
[ __ ] what we have to get back in the
chair we're going to get in trouble no
I'm playing with my blocks if the
teacher sees us out of the chair she's
going to call our parents who cares I
care well I don't I'm going to play with
my
blocks help help
my asses are done oh
[ __ ] Mrs big Patrick I pooped in my
pups man Joseph School sucked today I
know it's like it gets harder and harder
hey guys hey Cody how was Kindergarten
it sucked what do you mean it sucked I
thought you liked it well I liked the
first day but today sucked the teacher
wrote a letter home to my parents what's
it say it says Dear Mr and Mrs nutkiss
your son Cody was very rude and
disruptive in class today he back talked
me argued with the other students and
threw his pizza at the wall when I put
him in timeout he left without
permission please speak with your son
about how this behavior is unacceptable
damn dude I didn't know you were that
much of a Savage I don't want to show
this letter to my mom I'm going to get
in so much trouble just don't show it to
your mom oh yeah you're right so you
going to go back to kindergarten oh yeah
I'm going to go back there and kick
Mikey's ass you're going to fight a
5-year-old yeah and I'm going to win
what if you don't well I'm going
to
ow he's not going to win no way my
[Music]
face