hey D can you take me a chuckecheese no
Jeffy at 7:00 they close soon they close
at 9: if we leave right now I have 2
hours to Chuck or cheese no it's a
30-minute drive so you'd only have an
hour and a half to Chuck or cheese well
that's enough time for both those
activities no I'm not taking tonight
Jeffy daddy if you don't take me to
Chuck-E-Cheese I'm going to pull out my
pickle and play with it you better not
Jeffy you don't stop stop squeaking that
thing Jeffy stop squeaking it that's it
give me that ha no more pickle for you
no more squeak fine I'm going to play
with my C oh Jeffy stops doing that
Marvin can we go dancing I want you to
take me dancing you never take me
dancing because I don't know how to
dance why would I want to go do
something I don't know how to do but
Marvin please can we go dancing I really
want to go dancing we can go tomorrow no
Marvin you always say tomorrow and then
tomorrow is today and we still never go
dancing we can go Sunday Marvin you only
want to go Sunday because they close
early oh my God everyone stop it shut up
please all right listen Jeffy tomorrow
I'll take you to Chuck-E-Cheese you
promise yes and we can go dancing at
Chuck-E-Cheese really yeah we can dance
with Mr Chucky and everything and we can
have fun because there's no guys or
crowds or loud music or alcohol we can
just have fun dancing with Jeffy Thank
You Marvin thank you thank you thank you
but the only way I'll take you guys to
Chuck-E-Cheese to dance and play games
is if you stay quiet tonight and sit on
the couch and watch TV in the quiet okay
okay really oh man now this is relaxing
now this this is
fun pleas give me all your valuables
this is a robbery what we don't have any
valuables we're broke go give me your
necklace no no please my parents gave
this to me I don't give [ __ ] oh no give
me your helmet my helmet yes your
helmet helmet yes that is good you
getting up let's go on your ears big
ears oh there we go thank you let's get
out of here okay well thank God they
didn't kill us we can still sit and
watch TV wait a minute look at size of
this TV let's take it grab all side
look hey get back here with my TV my
necklace H me this never what to happen
if you took me
to oh hell no there's no way those guys
were in my perfect quiet night I'm going
to kill
them hey hey you get back here hey
my
TV oh I'm going to kill him I'm going to
find those guys and I'm going to kill
them man I can't believe TV fit in trunk
well it is H another very roomy trunk I
think we've robbed enough people tonight
to sell the valubles in the fort the
honeymoon Bahamas here we
come let's go kick some
ass let me suck your toes for
$5 hey man you're getting in the way of
the toe fungus you wouldn't happen to be
able to tell me where these two Russian
guys who rob my house are will you what
what are you asking there's these two
Russian guys who robbed my house so
where are they at I don't know but that
guy might P it Bo wait is that Monopoly
money no no that that guy that guy
wouldn't know what I was talking about
oh okay well what about him oh that's
the type guy I'm looking for so beat it
really so soon I usually can't do it two
times in one day
hey you what do you want there's these
two Russian guys who robbed my house so
where are they I know where they are but
why would I tell you
H yeah that's
why that's why now where they
at I'll tell you I'll tell you just give
me a second tell
me BR I think you broke
me let let me get you a doctor hey there
somebody call the cops no I called a
doctor yeah well the strip club owner
called the cops cuz he said somebody was
beating people up and trying to suck
toes I did beat someone up but I wasn't
trying to suck toes that was some weird
guy uh-huh and where is he he left yeah
of course he did so why didd you beat
this guy up I asked him a question and
he wouldn't answer me really Marvin this
is how you talk to people you know this
is America he doesn't have to talk to
you if he doesn't want to he punched me
in the throat you punched him in the
throat why well because he wouldn't
answer my question there's these two
Russian guys who robbed my house and he
said he knew where they were and he
wouldn't tell me so I punched him Marvin
why didn't you just call the cops I
could have helped you well I wanted to
do it on my own like a badass oh is that
why you're wearing a leather jacket I'm
assuming these are your sunglasses yeah
yeah it me with a bottle you hit him
with a bottle Marvin I thought it was
going to shatter over his head and be
cool like in the movies well this isn't
a movie Marvin you could have killed him
he could have a concussion sir do you
want to press charges he wants to press
charges Marvin I have to arrest you oh
no come on listen in all the cool movies
the people beat up random people to get
the answers they want and find out who
robbed him well did he rob you no okay
well then he doesn't owe you anything if
anything you owe him an apology I'm
sorry for punching you in the throat and
hitting you in the head with a bottle
sir do you still want to press charges
he wants to press charges I'm going to
have to take in Mar oh come on this
isn't very badass no it's not all right
Marvin you get your one phone call Make
It Count okay baby please answer uh
hello baby I'm in ja no no no no no
you're not getting away with that lazy
[ __ ] you didn't even dial a number okay
now you get your one phone call try
again okay yeah that's better oh please
answer uh hello baby I'm in jail please
bail me out Marvin where are you I just
said I'm in jail jail why are you in
jail well you know there's two guys at
robbed do and stole your necklace and
jeffy's helmet well I went and beat up
some guy cuz he said he knew where they
were wait did you get our stuff back no
but if you come bail me out I can get
your stuff back so you didn't get my
necklace back just come bail me out and
I can get stuff time's up sorry we don't
have that kind of money all right let's
go to jail buddy all right there you go
Marvin think about what you did I was
just trying to be a badass I just try to
get my stuff back hey cue don't be
frightened it's just me bubbles and you
looking pretty tasty I won't bite unless
you want me to no no no I don't want you
to oh you sure you sure I'm a little
hungry for some white meat chicken you
got some legs ooh or maybe do I want a
thigh oh now I want some
penis Marvin you just made bail I did uh
yeah I I just want to get you out of
here cuz I don't want to see you get
your cheeks clapped get me out of here
please no no my white be chicken bring
it back I'm hungry thank God you got me
out of there I was so scared yeah you
seem like you learned your lesson I did
I won't beat up anyone else good cuz the
guy that you did beat up has a
restraining order against you and you're
not allowed within 100 yards of them but
I need to speak to that guy he knows
where the robbers are he knows where to
find him okay well I'll try to arrange a
meeting from 100 yard away come on okay
all right Marvin you're not allowed
within 100 yards of the guy so he's all
the way on the other side of this
football field but he is willing to
answer your questions so just go ahead
and yell those at him how is he going to
hear me I don't know just yell loud um
okay hey excuse me um do you know the
two Russian guys that Rob me where
they're at
what what did he say I don't know I
can't hear him he's 100 yards away uh
can you speak
louder L as I
can but I I I got none of that okay how
about you just go ask him the questions
I have because this is ridiculous oh
yeah that's way easier I'll go talk to
him okay okay sorry man we can't hear
you from all the way over there it's
like 100 yards actually 120 with Endzone
so can you repeat that for me I ain't
telling you nothing I'm not going to
waste Me Breath oh come on man we just
want to know where the robbers are
please well that's too bad I ain't
telling you [ __ ] even though I know
where they
are yeah you want to tell me now huh the
Bahamas the Bahamas
where okay see how easy that was maybe
if you were easy to talk to nobody would
hit you in the throat you [ __ ] man
Marvin I see why you hit that guy he is
a pain in the ass but I did get what you
were looking for they're in the Bahamas
at the Sleepy Beach hotel room 200 okay
let's go
well we i s I thought we were going that
way okay oh look the Just Married
sticker that I saw in the back of the
car well that means they are here second
floor let's go let's go oh road trick
look at this view bah so pretty I'm so
glad we were able to rub enough people
to a forth Beach fuel kiss me you
Russian
Peak all right Marvin here it is room
200 I'm going go in there I'm going to
kick their ass okay but only if it's the
people who really robed you if you beat
up somebody else this time I'm going to
have to arrest you again okay I want to
make sure it's them but I'm going kick
some
ass I don't see them what do you mean
you don't see them they're not in the
room but look there's my son's helmet
and my wife's necklace okay great grab
it let's get out of here okay wait you
said it was two gay Russian guys right I
mean I think they were
gay is that them um yeah that that's
them okay um I'm going to go kick some
ass can you grab those two things but
the stuff is right here we could just
leave I'm going to go kick some ass it's
payback
[Music]
time did I mean to interrupt yes I did R
who is this did you hire stripper no did
you no you took something that didn't
belong to you I mean we took a lot of
things that did not belong to us yes
that's how we afford room well don't do
it again oh okay okay sure I'll just
leave you with that okay
pych you hit my husband you piece of
[ __ ] he hits gay people no no no that's
not what it is I just I was kick his
ass what going on help help guy help
help oh oh this is a really nice bed oh
yeah I need a vacation how do the
robbers even afford a place like this oh
robbing people obviously o I wonder
what's on TV oh Tom and Jerry oh
yeah come on Tom you're never going to
catch that Mouse you silly cat what was
that oh [ __ ] Marvin hey break it upak
come on break it up break it up Mr
Officer this man is homophobic piece of
[ __ ] he hit us for no reason no I hit
him cuz they're the guys who robbed me
Marvin what did I say about hitting
people I wanted payback are you the guy
who rob Marvin yes okay well this is the
Bahamas and it's out of my jurisdiction
so there's not a lot I can do here but
if we take the stuff do you agree to
never Rob Marvin ever again yes okay
okay good see Marvin that's how you use
your words yeah we never hit you even
when we were robbing you yeah okay I'm
sorry for hitting you guys
okay good now you two can go back to
making out oh I'm going to blow you so
hard seriously you can't arrest them
Marvin let it go you got your [ __ ] let's
just go home okay oh and there are bare
man Ash cheeks out there we should leave
no there's not why did you look my God
you're so gay oh no you just said that
never mind what you wanted to see that
no I did not oh but there really are
actually out there now why did you look
again you're so gay no listen okay fine
I won't ever look again because cuz I
don't even want to look at that well
actually that guy's whole penis is out
yeah sure no you don't want to see that
you're more of an ass man no oh my God
and you want dick too okay that's it you
grab my stuff you grab okay God you're
so gay all right Jeffy here's your
helmet back and Rose here's your
necklace back a thank you Marvin my
necklace okay Marvin if you ever get
robbed again just call the police I will
I'm just glad everything's back to
normal plot hole
Goblin what are you doing here plot hole
Goblin there was a part of the video
that didn't make sense what didn't make
sense yeah the video was good how did
you drive from Florida to the Bahamas
the Bahamas is an irland uh uh well uh
you see we drove the car onto a boat a
fairy a fery yeah yeah and it just it
took us to the Bahamas yeah you get like
as a boat like how do you think they get
cars to the Bahamas yeah yeah there are
cars on the Bahamas how you think they
got there huh the fairies and ships that
would take days yeah we didn't say how
long it took yeah it was the multiple I
mean yeah I mean who gives a [ __ ] yeah
who cares
yeah
right [ __ ] hate that he used to hop
off our dick like I mean we didn't even
film in the Bahamas no it's Pensacola
Beach obviously
[Music]