happy Easter everybody Easter eggs for
everybody I love cutting my grass on
Easter run my bike but my feet can't
touch the
pedals oh [ __ ] man out oh my God my baby
someone help uh-oh is that my fault hey
there Mr Easter Bunny we meet again you
still on crack you know it yeah well
you're under arrest for littering with
all these eggs and attempted involuntary
manslaughter of a child I didn't do
nothing yeah tell it to the
judge order order order order I am the
honorable Judge pober and today we will
be hearing the case of the Easter bunny
who is being accused of littering as
well as the attempted involuntary
manslaughter of a child mother of the
Dead child tell me what
happened well my son was riding his bik
bicycle and then out of nowhere in
Easter egg came flying like 100 m an
hour and hit him in the head wa so let
me get this straight Mr Easter Bunny you
threw an egg at a child's head no a lbo
will ran over the egg shot the egg at
the at the kid wait wait wait are you
still on crack Mr Easter Bunny yeah you
really need to stop that Mr Easter Bunny
crack kills Mr hucko is it true that
your lawnmower la uned the egg at the
child's head yeah I was mowing my lawn
and the damn Easter Bunny threw eggs all
over my yard without my permission I
just didn't see them H I see so if the
Easter Bunny hadn't littered his eggs
all over your yard you wouldn't have run
over them with your lawnmower which
caused the child to die well in that
case I have no choice but to sentence
the Easter Bunny 2 15 years in Maximum
Security Prison Jeffy are you ready to
go Easter egg hunting sure I am Daddy I
got my helmet on got my diaper on my
ashes full of gas and I got my basket
all right Jeffy let's go outside and
look for eggs PE PE all right Jeffy
start looking for Easter eggs but Dany I
don't see any eggs wow the Easter Bunny
hid the eggs really good this year well
probably cuz you're 19 years old Jeffy
he made them really hard but look daddy
that yard over there has eggs yeah wait
a minute that yard has eggs he not give
me eggs cuz I'm a bad boy
probably B well I don't know why we
don't have eggs it doesn't make any
sense Jeffy stop putting the basket on
your head you knocked that
off look let's go turn on the news and
see if there's something going on maybe
there's an Easter egg
shortage breaking news the Easter Bunny
was arrested for littering an attempted
involuntary manslaughter he's being held
in jail with no bond he's facing up to
15 years in prison without the
possibility of parole the Easter bunnies
in jail well that explains why we didn't
have any Easter eggs so no Easter for me
boohoo I don't get my way well Jeffy we
could go to the store and get Easter
eggs it's not the same well we can hide
them like the Easter Bunny no I want the
Easter Bunny to do it so I'm going to
break the Easter Bunny out of jail you
can't do that Jeffy that's illegal well
I'm going to try and then maybe he'll
give me the golden
egg what's wrong Junior I can't open
this bottle of coke go get a bottle
opener I don't have one yeah you do you
mind if I use my ass
what okay Junior there you go but
where's the bottle cap at it's still on
my ass you want it
back there you go Junior drink that
[ __ ] hey guys did you get Easter
eggs from the Easter Bunny no well
neither did I because he got arrested
well he has a crackhead yeah he is well
you guys want to go break him out in
jail Jeffy how are we going to break him
out of jail we're just kids yeah how are
we going to do that well I have the
perfect plan let me tell you okay so we
go into the woods and we capture a mole
against his will and we tell him we want
him to dig a tunnel underneath the
prison all the way to the Easter Bunny
cell after digging we go down in the
tunnel and we go PL a Minecraft TNT
block under the Easter Bunny cell and we
ignite it so it blows a hole in the
bottom of the floor we grabbed the
Easter Bunny and Cody you're going to be
wearing an Easter bunny costume and
you're going to stay in the prison sale
so they don't notice that the Easter
Bunny is gone then we're going to speed
away on our motorcycles with the real
Easter Bunny and then after a few months
of Cody being there as the Easter Bunny
you're going to take off the costume and
they're going to say wait what is this
kid doing in jail he doesn't belong here
and then then they going to let you out
Jeffy that's the perfect plan it'll work
yeah dude let's do it no that's
impossible how is it impossible well
first of all we'd have to find a mole
and then we'd have to get that mole to
dig a tunnel underneath the prison right
under the Easter Bunny cell which we
don't even know where that is and also
you'd have to train a mole to do that
which it's a mole it's not even going to
[ __ ] listen to you and even if it did
it would take years for it to dig a
tunnel that big and the tunnel would
have to be big enough for all four of us
and motorcycles and it would have to be
big enough not to collapse in on itself
which means we'd need scaffold or some
kind of support system and then also
Minecraft TNT blocks aren't even real
and even if we had one the guards would
hear us blow up the floor of the cell
and we could risk killing the Easter
Bunny and then even if all of that
worked I'd still have to go to prison
for months you just don't want to go to
prison well yes but also the whole plan
is impossible okay we're not doing that
plan cuz Cody doesn't want to help what
dude don't worry I got the perfect plan
so we get 100,000 people to all gather
around the prison and then we get
everyone to jump at the same exact time
causing an earth Quake which will break
the prison in half with the Easter Bunny
cell on one side while the cops are on
the other side so the cops can't get to
them because the Earth is split in half
dude then we can get a helicopter to fly
down and drop a ladder so the Easter
Bunny can climb up it and we fly away
Joseph that's the coolest plan ever it's
even better than jeffy's plan yeah let's
do that no that plan's even more
ridiculous how is it ridiculous Cody it
doesn't involve moles or Minecraft TNT
or you going to jail well you'd have to
gather 100,000 people and have them all
surround a prison and then the prison
would wonder why there was 100,000
people gathered around it all jumping up
and down so they'd call the National
Guard and even if all 100,000 people
jumped at exactly the right time which
would be impossible to time that still
wouldn't be enough to cause an
earthquake and even if it did you'd have
to hope the tectonic plates lined up
just perfectly to break the prison in
half so that the Easter Bunny cell was
separated from all the guards and I
don't even know where the [ __ ] we' get a
helicopter to fly in and drop a ladder
down to the Easter Bunny and then even
after all that the police would just
chase our helicopter with their
helicopters anyway okay Cody so what I'm
understanding is you don't want to meet
100,000 people because of Co what you
don't want to get sick be friendly [ __ ]
yeah make friends but no okay we're not
going to do that idea cuz Cody's afraid
of germs and we have 100,000 people
watching right now hit that like button
if you'd meet us at the prison and jump
up and down anyway listen to my plan
it's perfect so I'll get hired as a
prison security guard and Cody you'll
get hired as the prison chef and when
it's dinner time Cody you will poison
the Easter Bunny's food and I'll bring
him his food and after he starts eating
he'll start dying from it being poisoned
and I'll yell for the Medics and Joseph
will show up because he got a job as the
ambulance driver and we'll put the bunny
in the back of the ambulance and we'll
go to the hospital because jeffy's there
and Jeffy got a job as a doctor and then
Jeffy will heal the Easter Bunny with
medicine and then we'll all speed off
and run away with the Easter Bunny and
he'll be escaped dude that plan is hot
yeah Junior you really thought that one
through that plan also will not work why
won't it work Cody it doesn't involve
100,000 people in Co well you would have
to get a job as a prison guard which
they wouldn't hire you because you're a
kid and I would have to get a job as a
chef at a prison which they wouldn't
hire me because I'm a kid and even if
they did hire me I don't know how I
would smuggle poison into the prison and
I don't know how much poison to give the
Easter Bunny that wouldn't kill him
because he's a rabbit and even if all of
that worked out Joseph would have to get
a job as an ambulance driver and they
wouldn't hire him because he's a kid and
he doesn't have a driver's license and
Jeffy would have to be a doctor but he'd
have to go through a lot of medical
school before they even hired him so
that's not going to work either so what
you're saying is you don't want to do my
PL yes that's what I'm saying all right
group vote who wants to do my plan uh
not me dude I'm going to do my plan so
I'm going to go and get these 100,000
people I'd be back well now we can't do
my plan cuz we don't have an ambulance
driver well we can do my plan no because
I have a plan what is it my plan is that
we go to the prison and we get visitors
passes so we just visit the Easter Bunny
so we can see what cell he's in so that
the mole knows which cell to dig under I
was going to say we visit the Easter
Bunny and then go home all right good
idea all right guys let's go to the
prison and see what sell the Easter
bunnies in what all right kids the
Easter Bunny's in there yo Easter Bunny
you got visitors pull the carrot out of
your ass and hop hop hop over here
oh hey kids oh Mr Easter Bunny why are
you in a straight jacket Mr Easter Bunny
I scratched someone's face off oh why do
you have a mask on I keep spitting on
people and I have HIV from Sharon
Needles Junior why do we want him out of
here I don't want him out of here Jeffy
wants him out of here I want them out of
here because I want Easter eggs well we
could have gone to Walmart and bought
those I don't want them from Walmart I
want them from the Easter Bunny I get my
eggs from Walmart too see all right guys
we had to think of a plan to get them
out of here cuz we're already here so uh
Mr Easter Bunny can you fit through the
bars I don't know let's see no oh his
head's too big let me see hey Junior I
can fit through wait wait a minute I can
fit through too what does that mean I
don't know but you know we're just
thinking wait guys I have an idea what
if I go inside the jail cell like this
and I yell help help the Easter Bunny
pull me through the bars and then when
the cop comes to get me out of the cell
then I'll tell him that I dropped my
phone in the toilet over there and then
he'll go digging in the toilet and then
you guys grab the Easter Bunny and run
out of the prison with him sure [ __ ] it
it's a plan yeah all right guys you guys
you guys hide and I'm going to call for
help help help the Easter Bunny pull me
through the bars help what's going on
kid how did you even get in there the
Easter Bunny pulled me in through the
bars how he's wearing a straight jacket
uh he he he pinched me with his with his
ears he can pinch them like scissors oh
I didn't even know that okay that's good
to know I'm going to have to put him in
a straight hat yeah well can you get me
out of here please yeah she'll hold on
wait a minute before I do that I should
probably have my partner Simmons watch
the door no no no you don't have to get
another cop just come in here by
yourself and get me out well I don't
want to risk the Easter Bunny getting
out he's really dangerous he even killed
a kid with an Easter egg oh hey Simmons
yeah can you watch the door I don't want
the Easter Bunny getting away yeah sure
up oh damn it they have another cop
watching the door what are we going to
do come on kid let's go uh I can't leave
yet why do you want to stay here believe
me prison is not somewhere you want to
be your butthole gets bigger from penis
oh no I I I dropped my phone in that
toilet when I was trying to call for
help oh God that's so gross do you know
how much diseases in there ew I really
don't want to grab that well get your
partner to grab it oh good idea hey
Simmons Simmons yeah M hey this kid
dropped his phone in the toilet can you
grab it no I'm supposed to be watching
the door oh come on Simmons help me out
no mate you're the plumber you go get it
well I Plum all the time right can't you
just Plum just this one time no see I
don't even know how to flush the toilet
properly well I I you don't have to
flush it you just have to reach in there
with your hand it's not hard well no
sometimes when I pee I pee all over the
seat instead of the water okay well I
don't see how that's related but Sim
come on remember that time at Dunkin
Donuts where you were short 50 cents
yeah but but but anyway you should
totally go in there listen Simmons we're
getting distracted this whole thing is
stupid one of us needs to reach into
that toilet and grabb that phone well
then you reach in there and grab it wait
there's not even a phone in the toilet
hold on where's the kid wait where's the
Easter Bunny what Simmons we've been had
let's get after the Easter Bunny guys we
saved the Easter
Bunny can you take this [ __ ] off me yeah
I'll take it off you not so fast yeah
they look weird upside down Simmons
we're trying to be scary here boom all
you kids are under arrest for helping
the Easter Bunny break out of jail we
just wanted to save the Easter Bunny so
all the kids can have Easter you don't
need Easter you have Christmas and
Halloween he's a dangerous criminal I
guess wait what is that noise it sounds
like a large crowd of people like a
football stadium yeah all right guys
look I got 100,000 people waiting
outside right now and I told him to jump
in 5 seconds why would you tell them to
jump around my house for practice it's
okay it won't cause an
earthquake
[Music]
hey guys it's Logan we officially
launched an SML gaming channel go
subscribe right now we're going to be
uploading gaming videos every single day
so please go subscribe to the new SML
gaming channel for new content every
single day me in build towards Jeffy ow
I'm dead I'm so incredibly dead help me
why would you break it where you at Cody
Joseph help me come here come here why
Joseph why not Logan help I mean Junior
help yeah why not Logan I'm a little
offended you don't me to help you're the
one who killed me because you built a
floor where I was trying to climb up
wait where's Jeffy I'm over here getting
shot at oh yeah I forgot there are
people