so guys what do you want to do today
well me and Timmy were thinking we could
take a big old friend bubble bath
together yeah naked and then we can see
who can hold their breath underwater the
longest dude who invited me yeah why is
he here he's not part of our friend
group well he hangs out with us
sometimes but he's not officially part
of our friend group yet so he needs to
go home well how do I become a part of
your friend group uh you have to do a
gang initiation yeah oh I love Gay
initiation he did not say that he said
gang yeah a gang initiation to show
you're hard enough to be a part of the
skeeter boys the skeeter boys yeah
that's the name of our friend group I've
never heard you say that ever Joseph
what's the name of our friend group
Skeeter boys oh I love that skeet skate
dude we should probably change the name
of the group now so what's the test oh
it's got to be something very difficult
uh
I want to be a part of your friends
group yeah he has to do it if he wants
to be part of the skeeter boys well I
didn't have to take a test because
you're part of the three founding
Skeeter boys if someone wants to join
the skeeter boys they have to do a gang
initiation okay well I'll just go do it
right now wait no to Timmy guys why did
you do that because we don't want Timmy
to be a part of our friend group and we
gave him something hard to do because we
know he can't do it yeah he's not gonna
pull it off dude
I have to break into this car well maybe
I should check to see if it's unlocked
first
oh my God so lucky
a wallet
wallet okay time for car number two
 it's locked
time for Handy Dandy crowbar
 oh no I broke it well maybe it'll
still work
okay let's see if this Jeep is unlocked
oh my God best score yet
sorry Mom and Dad but I want to be a
skater boy
Don't Dance
all right I got the baseball bat the car
alarms going off I think a damn raccoon
crawled across the truck I'm gonna go
check it out where are you at you dang
raccoon oh my God someone broke into my
truck with a crowbar Suzette call the
police someone stole your Lewis for Don
burst oh baby where is it where's what
Marvin my wallet it's missing you left
it in the car silly oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah what the my car door is open
what someone stole my wallet someone
broke into my car and jeffy's car doors
open too someone broke into our cars hey
Marvin somebody broke into your car too
yeah they broke it in me and jeffy's car
they broke into yours yeah they broke in
and stole my wife's Louis Vuitton first
he was the nicest person I ever had yeah
I got a four for it I'm sorry for
cheating on you with a babysitter gift
[Music]
 yeah
how badass did that look huh like when I
got out of my car and I took off my
sunglasses and just tossed them away
that was badass right it was pretty cool
yeah how about this how about I pull up
again and you record it on my phone so I
can put it on Facebook we don't have
time for that there's crime going on in
the neighborhood okay I'm kind of crying
someone broke into our cars and stole
our stuff like they stole my wallet and
they stole my wife's Louis Vuitton burst
well do you have security camera footage
of the person who did it no no but
there's a crowbar over there you could
probably get some fingerprints off of
yeah we don't really do that unless it's
like a murder or a bank robbery or
something actually important but this is
important someone stole our stuff out of
our cars I don't know what to do other
than tell you to lock your cars they
were locked well look I don't know start
a neighborhood watch or something if you
catch the guy that did it then I can
arrest him isn't it your job to catch
the bad guys look there are better guys
out there for me to catch okay so I'm
gonna go pick up my sunglasses off the
ground and then go pull up like that
somewhere else where a real crime is
happening and hope somebody records it
he said to form a neighborhood watch all
right Marvin you and me sit in the car
all night and Patrol the neighborhood
honey do me careful oh I will honey I
got my Louisville Slugger right here hey
Joseph can you set the pins back up yeah
bro I got you guys Timmy's taking a long
time should we go check on him no Cody
if he wants to be part of the skeeter
boys he has to prove he can't get caught
yeah dude he has to live that lifestyle
oh my God guys I got some really good
stuff you actually did it oh yeah no he
didn't dude I believe it when I see it
where's the stuff well I have four words
for you
Avril Lavigne and Jason Derulo CDs the
greatest albums of all time fabulous
that was more than four words dude I
can't use that stuff everything is
digital these days oh yeah well how
about this
the complete series of Brandy and Mr
Whiskers on DVD oh that's what I'm
talking about Brandy's sexy wait what's
sexy about her look at her toes look at
those toes she's a dog dude she's not a
dog Cody but wait there's more I even
got Tony Hawk's Underground for
PlayStation 2. divs that one's mine and
I found a phone but I got so excited on
the way here I dropped it and now it
doesn't work anymore we can't sell a
broken phone Timmy yeah where's the good
stuff like jewelry and money and stuff
oh I got some of that too
I got a gold chain and a gold ring
that's what I'm talking about and
I got Mr Marvin's wallet I'll just go
through that oh okay just take this
money in there and I saved the best for
last a Louis purse Soleil well what's
inside it I don't know let's see
we have some lipstick
and some bubble gum bubble gum what's
this but I don't know what these are oh
popsicles
wait a minute Guys these aren't
popsicles these are mozzarella cheese
sticks oh dude even better I love cheese
sticks cool they even have a little
thing where you can inject the cheese
right into your mouth
guys I think these are stale well they
have been inside a purse and I think
you're supposed to refrigerate cheese oh
man so guys can I be a part of the
skeeter boys now well he did break into
a car and steal a bunch of cool stuff
yeah that is pretty gangster I guess so
yeah you're part of the skeeter boys now
oh my
[Applause]
we're gonna grab them and call the
police well I don't think they're gonna
try to rob the same truck they already
robbed tonight I think we should walk
around the neighborhood and try to catch
them ah smart thinking Marvin here you
take this talkie Channel 20. my code
name is hucker doodle doo and you're
gonna be Marvin the Martian okay okay
all right call me if you see anything
suspicious and I'll be right over all
right let's go where are you criminal
where are ya Marvin the marsh come in
there's something creeping In My Bushes
hey friends you're under citizens arrest
oh my God it's a damn raccoon get on my
bushes raccoon
what the hell's going on there's a damn
raccoon In My Bushes know you're not
supposed to be caring about raccoons
you're supposed to be caring about
criminals you're right Marvin let's
split back up
hey I don't see anything
oh my God
I'm talking to you there's someone in my
trash can I think it might be the robber
I'm trash can I think it might be the
rubber come quick all right Marvel
where's he at he's in the trash can hey
you get out of the trash can you're
under arrest
oh Marvin at the damn homeless you think
he stole our stuff where's the Louis
Vuitton that light reminds me of the
aliens abducted me are you here to probe
my I don't think he stole our
stuff all right get out of the
neighborhood yeah get out of here you
goober I think we should stick together
all right Marvin come on all right
Marvin see anything suspicious no I
don't see anything make sure you keep
your eyes pale wait who's that wait I
don't recognize that car me either hey
stop the car yes stop your car is there
a problem gentleman what are you doing
in our neighborhood Bob oh I'm
delivering pizza sheet you work for Papa
John's yes sir where's your car topper
oh I don't put it on because you know
scratched my paint uh-huh likely story
whose panties are those uh they're mine
what are your pronouns
Em's don't wear panties those are for
she hers and they thems and a b c d f
G's so I'm gonna ask you again where'd
you get the panties I got them
from some girl you've been breaking into
my car stealing my wife's panties
sniffing them huh well I mean I am
slipping them but they're not your wives
I got them from some girl online and I
use them as an air freshener Marvin I
think we got our suspect out of the car
Bob for what we're making a citizen's
arrest so get out of the car but I
didn't do anything you were breaking
into the car so I'm
up against the car oh
bones I didn't drink milk growing up
shut up criminal hey Marvin call 9-1-1
and let them know we got our burp okay
foreign
[Music]
someone please tell me they recorded
that I did thank you send that to me
okay so what's going on here what
Jonathan thank goodness looking guy
you're trying to arrest me for no reason
no what did you do he's the guy that's
been breaking into the cars in our
neighborhood oh Jonathan doesn't break
into cars explain the panties what the
hell are those my wife's panties
God damn it Jonathan well you never told
me I couldn't take your wife's panties
you should already know that okay I'm
gonna take you back to my house so you
can apologize to my wife Oh yay okay you
know what how about I just tell Mom what
you did no please so take my Xbox away
you should have your Xbox taken away
thanks for telling me about this guys
come on Jonathan no problem just trying
to keep the neighborhood safe so how do
you play this game you've never bowled
before no my father only lets me study
and play instruments when you just roll
that ball into the pins over there ooh I
love balls and I love those wiener
looking things Jesus dude he's out the
skeeter boys yeah Tammy you can't be a
part of skater boards anymore but I
robbed all those cars yeah guys that's
not fair dude we only have room for one
gay friend sorry
we never wanted four friends in our
friend group four is a crowd three is a
perfect number it's like the Three
Musketeers they like three musketeers so
much they name the candy bar after all
genius Three Musketeers was a book first
no Cody Three Musketeers the candy bar
you think all those words on the back of
the candy bar is a book that's a
nutrition facts no Junior they named the
candy bar after a book you think a candy
aisle is a bookstore but my favorite
book is the Reese's Cups my Starburst my
Skittles Taste the rainbow
Junior see look that's why you can't be
part of a friend group because Cody is
the gay friend you you you just can't be
here okay it's a little overcrowded bro
oh the cops Jesus dude but there's a cop
car outside wait look Timmy if you if
you want to be a part of the skeeter
boys you have to go steal that Cocker
outside okay deal with no titty sorry
Jonathan I know you're gonna lose your
Xbox but PlayStation's better
route
alive what the hell is a skeeter boy
what hey hey noodle watch out for them
oh Jesus you are grounded Mister
for the rest of your life young man
stealing the cop car is a hook or dog
and crash in the cop car that you stole
is a huckadome and going outside at
night time is a hooker don't why are you
guys calling it that some of those are
just laws I'm sorry everyone I was just
trying to be a skeeter boy wait I'm
sorry you trying to say Skater Boy like
the Avril Lavigne song No skater boy
it's the gang I'm in
oh my good man and a gang is a hooker no
I knew all that rap music was corrupting
our kids is mine in those Dawn video
games anything else you want to admit to
young man yes sir I broke into
everyone's car in the neighborhood and
stole a bunch of stuff you little I
can't believe
honey DNA test tomorrow because no way
is a hooker do because a hooker do would
not do the things that you did okay look
I know you guys are really upset but he
did crash my police car into my
brother's car so I'm gonna need your
insurance information because my brother
is the suing type and I also can't
arrest him because he's a miner upstairs
now mister I'm gonna give you a spanking
so hard it's gonna turn your little
tushy purple you promise James I said
read your Bible Leviticus 18 22. yes sir
hey Timmy Cody hey what's up I'm
grounded oh what happened well come over
here I'll tell you oh okay yeah hey we
heard you got caught I don't know why I
asked what happened yeah we heard you
crash the cop car pretty gangster dude
so am I part of the skeeter boys now why
aren't there sheets on your bed well
Cody came over earlier they don't need
to know about that be cool bro okay
sorry so so am I part of the skater boys
now I mean you did crash at cop car yeah
that was sick as hell bro I can't even
lie so am I part of the skeeter boys now
or um
I
just I don't know I mean yes okay really
yeah you're part of the skeeter boys oh
my God yay welcome to the club thank you
so much
it was like chicken yeah chicken smooth
if it's grilled chicken no it's not it
has grill marks on it's got little
ridges that I meant that the chicken you
eat on Thanksgiving you mean turkey oh
yeah I meant turkey smooth like turkey
but like before it's cut up like when
it's on the table
wait wait so am I part of the skater
boys or not I don't now okay bye honey
how about we send little Timmy's hood
rat out to military school get his ass
in Chuck you don't think it's going
it's good not any harsher than being in
a gang little thinks he's part of
the Bloods and Crips yeah hey I know you
guys are having a conversation here but
I really need that insurance information
I cannot leave without it well how about
this Mr police officer man how about I
mow your grass for a year straight pro
bono I would really prefer the insurance
information that was a company car so
you know I need that well how about I
take you bowling on Saturday I think
really you should just give me the
insurance information because your son
crashed my car what about a million
grass and take your bowling on Saturday
how about I arrest you if you don't give
me your insurance card right now all
right calm down calm down I'll go again
[Music]
good