great daddy scoodle what why to make
room for mr. hippo what no mr. hippo
yes mr. hippo Jeffy mr. hippo is huge
take up the whole catch but me and mr.
hippo wanna watch TV but Jeffy I was
watching TV but me and mr. hippo wanna
watch an animal plan no Jeffy I was
watching TV what stop stop you're gonna
keep going
oh I'll turn on Animal Planet
breaking news a world-renowned scientist
dr. Frederick Finkel sheets has an
exclusive interview with an alien inside
area 51 let's go to that now hey I think
of sheets and so Dave I am coming to
your life from 55 well I have an
exclusive interview
now this crash-landed 72 years ago in
the Roswell New Mexico in 1947 now
television where are you from oh yes I
see he's Remzi Sayid yes yes Christ know
him tell us what happened that night
that cause you to crash your spaceship
see yes you see what's right in your
spaceship yes you expecting someone
yes and then if it was a bumpy ride no
nothing that's not about me you know
secrets very dicey no okay yes you heard
it here first folks this alien spaceship
in Roswell because he was clapping alien
chicks now some of you may be worried
that this dangerous alien might escape
but do not worry he can't escape because
he has handcuffed show them it appears
the feed has cut off wait
I'm getting word now that the alien has
escaped area 51 and the police are
searching for him now they're telling us
that he's extremely dangerous and we
should all remain indoors if you see
something don't hesitate to call 911
immediately
Oh an alien escaped shipping that alien
could try to clap our cheeks chewy hi
mr. hippo
where's mr. hippo got down wagon oh man
Jeffy mr. hippo is dummy thick she
probably turn around before I act up all
right daddy thinking about it now area
51 is pretty far away from Florida so we
don't really worry about the alien yeah
me and make your hippo hungry
can you ownership each Jeffie hippos
don't eat pizza hippos either they find
in the wild like green beans
daddy where the hip
find a can of green beans in the wild
it's not gonna be in a can Jeff it would
just be regular green beans job fine
Jeffy I'll order pizza just just
continue watching the animal planet
Hardy the HIPAA is the second largest
animal on earth
the first largest is your mother all
right Jeff yeah I just ordered the pizza
what if I want wings you're not getting
wings I already ordered it I only got
pizza wings you're not getting wings
Jeffy's ways what's that that can't be
the pizza that was way too fast
what dad I injured it door fine Jeffy
here's five dollars oh you're a baby go
get my pager
no Jeffy that's for the pizza man I am
the pitcher man
daddy I need the picture and Troy they
call me - Pete you know whoever's at the
door you give them that $5.00 okay fine
guy hello do you want me to be quiet
oh well here's five bucks my daddy told
me to give it to you why are you gonna
get a hotel with it oh oh do you ain't
stay here oh well you'll be really quiet
I think I have a place for you hi come
on okay he's hiding these closet and
don't make any noise okay we're hippo
what we're hippo hippo there where Pizza
whoo where's the pizza
Pete you the pizza those at the door JP
there was a peach ended door then who
was that the door spongebob no Patrick
wait Squidward final answer Squidward's
not at the door Geoffrey who is at the
door
scream word what oh great one of the
light bulbs went out let me just go get
the ladder
wait the ladder okay okay let me get
this ladder who's at the door
my matrix point where now is closed we
gotta find somewhere out for your high
follow me hello hey there we got a pizza
for you just kidding it's a pizza I just
like to keep things fun oh yeah yeah
well I don't have a tip for you my son
took your tip money okay yeah thanks for
the tip your pizza I wish I could do
that but I need this job no all right
sorry
yeah Jaffe there's pizza downstairs with
Japanese but why do you look like that
you don't look so good Jeffy are you
feeling sick
Jeffrey you answer me when I'm talking
to you Jeffy speak man don't raise your
voice at me ma'am
Jeffy stop bad Jason come on sorry - hmm
my dad thinks that's me oh well now I
don't have to go to school or do my
chores or anything I'm gonna go sit in
the closet and play Minecraft
all right Jeffy here's the pizza you
wanted yeah they available yeah pizza Oh
Jeff you don't eat up you know you eat
it are you sick
Lilian I know you're doing or trying to
fake being sick so you have to go to
school tomorrow you're still going to
school tomorrow
yeah Jeffy go to bed I cannot believe
you threw up all over his pizza Jeffy
it's time to go to school
Jeff me wake up it's out of those school
yeah Jeff it's time to go to school
you're going to school okay go to school
go to school you know you are what do
you looking at freak
school-wise Jeffy school calling me hope
everything's okay hello hello this is
school nurse
my name is tequila like the banana okay
is Jeffy all right
no young baby see he's going up grace
though his Baba what his stuff fell off
is even alive
Oh hold on baby let me check hot beeps
[Music]
no baby he's sleep sleep what do you
mean he's sleep well you ain't got no
hot Bebe's but he's still breathing dog
I think you should come pick him up and
take up our okay I'll be there soon see
you soon
that's your daddy he coming pick you up
Jeffy I can't leave your thumb came off
at school today
you're not any pain I guess you really
are sick yeah weird it who's that
you why are you staring here just yeah
hello no alien look the cops all the
cops okay yeah it's such a harsh term
okay how about officer oh how about that
what do you want officer that's better
all right now you heard about the alien
that broke out in area 51 oh yeah I
thought on the news yeah well this
tracker here on my phone says he's at
your house he's not here well I believe
the tracker more than I
leave you because you don't tip when I
deliver you pizzas well I haven't seen
an alien in my house well I have
probable cause so that means I get to
come in and mess up your house looking
for please don't mess it up you do it
like really neat I will promise no such
thing
see you look there's no aliens in here
just my son of my son's thumb that fell
off but your son's thumb fell off yeah
and that didn't seem weird to you know
people's thumbs fall off all the time no
no they really don't they don't know
well he's not in any pain what's even
weirder if your thumb falls off you
should probably hurt a lot well maybe
Jeffy doesn't feel a lot of pain okay
look sometimes aliens can morph into
people to disguise themselves in the
tracker on my phone says the alien is
definitely somewhere inside your house
so I'm thinking the alien just morphed
into your son to hide himself well look
I know that's my son
I know Jeffy that's a hundred percent
Jeffy what are you talking about it
doesn't even look like him he's all pale
and his eyes are bugged out he's got a
big nose
Jeffy always look like that what no he
does it okay look I have a test that can
definitely prove if he's an alien and
I'm okay give him the test then it's the
alien test everyone who comes in the
United States has to pass this test all
right all right first question who is
the current President of the United
States poop poop well he's not
completely wrong okay next question what
year was the Declaration of Independence
sign how is he supposed to know that are
you kidding me everybody knows that well
I don't even know the answer well take a
guess huh 1940 to 1942 no I should be
giving you this test that's completely
wrong when was it signed 1776 that long
ago yeah that long ago okay give him
another question okay last question
Jeffy are you an alien yep he didn't say
yeah he didn't know he meant nope you
have another question Joey its Stewie
Chevy we don't have time for this let's
get out of here did your son just come
apart at the waist yeah what is he Dora
the mall I feel like I'm at a Criss
Angel show we're jumpy what didn't hurt
Billy did you know he seems fine I think
he might be an alien yeah you think okay
we know if he's alien or not okay well
everybody knows that aliens hate water
so all you get to do is just scored on a
few times with this spray bottle and who
loses the sky Oh do it all right
I knew he was the alien no what I've
never noticed yeah cuz you're blind you
would have clamped your cheeks and you
never would have seen it coming
alright alien we're going back area 51
now what yeah you you cuff yourself I
don't really feel like doing it alright
I'm taking him back to area 51 are you
sure you have to take him back yeah what
are you talking about he's a dangerous
alien he melted a kid at school today
with his acid puke yeah I guess it is
pretty dangerous yeah all right come on
alien going back yeah yeah all that
today's been a weird day
oh no we're Jeffy Jeffrey here we're hip
oh no we're Jeffy bin and your closet
playing Minecraft
we're hippo I don't know where hippo
dare hippo
[Music]