okay Jeffy are you ready to see the
slinky go down the stairs I don't
understand what the big deal is I can
throw the slinky down the stairs we're
not throwing the slinky down the stairs
we're going to make it walk down the
stairs well how can it walk if it
doesn't even have legs dude just watch
it's going to be super cool it's going
to hit the bottom yeah it's going to hit
the bottom
watch I could have threw it further than
that I wasn't throwing it I was trying
to make it walk down each step hey guys
I'm sorry I'm late I brought my cat wait
Cody you got a cat yeah I just got him
today oh why'd you bring him to my house
oh well he has separation anxiety and I
didn't want him to be
worried wait Cody how didd you get
inside the house you didn't come up the
stairs oh I came in through the window
why I just wanted to be different oh
well we were trying to teach Jeffy how
to make the slinky go down the stairs
but only went down a few steps oh I'm
good at that let me try get down General
Grievous what you named your cat General
Grievous yeah it's cool right after the
guy with four lightsabers yeah that's
sick wait why'd you name him that oh cuz
he's always coughing like General
Grievous is he okay no the vet says he
only has a few months to live and he has
feline leukemia so I wanted to give him
a good home for those last few
months oh no oh oh gu guys he's going to
throw up quick get a napkin or something
he's going to throw up the I got
[Music]
point it's okay it's okay General
Grievous get all that leukemia out no
someone get that cat do out of here it's
disgusting yeah that's gross dude um can
I keep it uh yeah I guess if you really
want to yeah I caught it on a plate and
I'm going to go show my daddy that's
weird all right pass me that Slinky
Junior
okay hey Daddy you want to see what I
caught Jeffy if you caught some kind of
bug or frog I don't want to see it even
better cat throw up e Jeffy what the
[ __ ] that's disgusting what if cat throw
up on a plate I caught it what you you
caught it yeah there was a cat throwing
up so I took the plate and I put it
underneath the cat and I caught the cat
throw up Jeffy throw it away no half two
yes half two Jeffy that's cat Thro
that's disgusting throw it away you want
to know how hard this was for me to get
it was like a baseball player in the
world series trying to catch a baseball
but cat throw up Jeffy why would you
even want to keep it cuz he's my best
friend you can't be friend with it's cat
throw up Jeffy get rid of it right now
no I'm going to take it to school with
me tomorrow no you're not yes I am you
throw it away no what is wrong with him
I don't
know all right CR today we're going to
be centering the age or debate what is
better cat or dog Joseph I like dogs
more because they're obedient and you
can make money off of them by making
them fight each other I like cats more
cuz they're cute and they clean up after
themselves oh no no no I meant what
tastes better hey nerd what are you
eating actually I'm not eating anything
it's my best friend what is it like
mayonnaise it's cat throw up ew why do
you have cat throw up because I can I
call it hey Jeffy I left my queso at
home can I have some of your spinach dip
that's not
okay oh my God e what is that cat throw
up look disgusting
P why are you throwing up in creaming
and crass because Jeffy fed me cat throw
up Jeffy has pong ping Jeffy yes teacher
oh my God you have ping Yong ping what
is that pong ping is rare delicacy in
China it's when your food throws up its
food and you eat it I like to dip my
Kentucky Fried cat in that so I offer
you $10,000 if you sell me your ping
young pen oh it's not for sale cuz it's
my best friend okay well if you ever
decide to sell your pong pen you call me
okay Cody we could sell your cat's throw
up for $10,000 yeah dude we could be
rich no guys we're not exploiting
General Grievous try to hold it in buddy
no spit it out we need that Liquid Gold
that's semi-solid gold no guys I'm
taking General Grievous home before he
throws up on my desk Joseph we have to
kidnap this cat yeah we have to dude
yeah we can have like our own little
throw up Factory oh throw up machine a
money printing Factory come on hey
Donnie hey Jeffy how was school what
Jeffy you still have that cat throw up
yeah I took it to scored me I told you
not to well I told you I was going to
Jeffy throw this cat throw up away right
now no Daddy someone at school offered
me $10,000 for my cat throw up that did
not happen you're grounded for lying
daddy hold that thought do you mind
watching my cat throw up while I go to
the bathroom I have to pee and I have a
wicked UTI so it takes a second for it
to start so I got to stand there and
think about
it I'm throwing this cat thr up away
right now Marvin don't but don't it's
cat throw up but he's going to get mad
and then he's going to act out and then
you're going to get mad no I'm going to
throw this away because he does not need
to carry cat Thro around I'm cleaning
this off all right baby I clean the cat
Thro off the plate jeffy's going to be
mad I don't care hey Daddy I just got
done peeing and it burned a little bit
and then when I walked away it dribbled
down my
leg daddy where's my cat thrower I threw
it
away why would you do that you threw
away my best friend you're a bad
Daddy stop it Jeffy was it was cat throw
up it was cat I had to throw it away I'm
going to call a cop on you we're
throwing away my throw up well call the
cops and throw up I told you he was
going to be mad Marvin and I told you I
don't care hey Le somebody call the cops
yeah officer my daddy killed my best
friend oh that is a very serious
accusation especially cuz today we're
not arresting people shoving big old dog
bones in their asses what yeah see
prisons are getting too overcrowded and
people are not learning their lessons so
instead of arresting people we're going
to shove big dog bones in their little
tiny minuscule asses well I didn't kill
anyone jeffy's lying oh really cuz
making a false police report's also
worthy of getting a dog bone in your ass
no officer my daddy did kill my best
friend so bend over no no no let me
explain what happened so Jeffy was
carrying a round cat throw up on a plate
and he was calling it his best friend
and I cleaned off the cat throw up so he
said I murdered his friend wait so let
me see if I have this right he was
carrying around cat throw up and saying
that was his best friend yes and I
cleaned off the plate oh well I guess I
can't arrest you for murder cuz you
didn't kill anybody but you did get rid
of his cat throw up so that could be
destruction of property arrest them
arrest them that's not destruction of
property cuz cat throw up isn't property
well it was his cat throw up well no it
was trash well one man's trash is
another man's treasure I can't believe
this this is not destruction of property
it's cat throw up no one owned it well
look you have 1 hour to replace his cat
throw up with new cat throw up oh I'm
shoving this dog bone up your ass oh
come on this is [ __ ] is cat throw up
Jeffy I swear to God I want to hit you
right now it's cat throw up officer come
on you have 1 hour thank you officer see
Marvin I told you not to get rid it yeah
Daddy you [ __ ] Jeffy when I get this cat
throw up I'm going to take away all your
toys I'm going to take away your bed
you're going have an empty room with
just a plate of cat throw up in it
that's fine come on baby let's find a
cat what no I didn't do this I need your
help getting a cat to throw up no who's
going to help me hey officer can you
come back hey what's up I was at the 's
table you know they get strawberries and
grapes it's pretty nice but I was just
going to head to my trailer what's going
on I I need some help getting the cat so
can you help me with those scenes I mean
I could but I'm not really supposed to
be in those scenes cuz I also voed the
kid who owns the cat oh I forgot you
voice Cody okay you can go to your
trailer okay thank you I guess I'll get
the cat by myself all right Joseph we
have to think of a plan to steal Cody's
cat okay dude so what's the plan ooh I
know here's what we're going to do so
we're going to pose as Boy Scouts
selling Boy Scout cookies then we're
going to knock on Cody's door then
Cody's big huge fat mom's going to enter
the door and she's going to smell our
cookies and she's going to try to jump
at us cuz she wants the cookies and our
big fat body is going to get stuck in
the door frame so we're going to have to
call the fire department and the fire
department's going to cut her out of the
door but then they're going to put her
on a semi- TR flatbed and take her all
the way to the zoo cuz they're going to
mistake her for a hippo and then we're
going to go inside the house but Cody's
going to hear us coming so he's going to
lock the door to his room so then we
call in Seal Team Six and they're going
to bust in through the roof and go cuz
they seals and they're going to smack
Cody around with their seal fins and
knock Cody out then they're going to
take the cat climb up their ladder and
get back into the helicopter and fly off
then me and you are going to get inside
Vin Diesel's car from Fast and Furious
and he's going to drive away and the op
is going to Fly Above the car and drop
the cat through the sunroof but then the
cops are going to be chasing us so ven
diesel is going to drive off a cliff and
me and you are going to jump out of the
car and land inside an airplane and the
car is going to blow up down below
inside the canyon and then the plane's
going to fly over my house we're going
to jump out and parachute with the cat
and by the time we get inside the cat's
going to be so nauseous it's going to
throw up and we're going to sell the
throw up for thousands of dollars so
that's the plan dude that's an awesome
plan let's do it okay let me get
everything set up guys General Grievous
die oh no your cat died [ __ ] the plan is
off what plan nothing he's really dead
yeah look the leukemia killed him no he
ran outside and he got killed by another
cat I called that cat Obi-Wan cat
noi oh well I guess it's a good thing
cuz we were planning on stealing your
cat and selling his throwup what yeah it
involves SEAL Team Six and Vin Diesel oh
crap I have to tell Vin Diesel it's off
yo Vin Diesel the plan is off family no
no family I am gr wait he he voiced
Groot yeah they literally could have got
anyone to do that yeah I know so what
are we going to do now Cody well I hope
we can bury General Grievous yeah let's
go bury him hey guys uh do you know
where that cat is that threw up that
Jeffy got the throw up from
[Applause]
yeah it's dead yeah dang it I really
need cat throw up we were already on it
dude but we failed let me know if you
guys find a cat cuz I got to find cat
throw up oh where am I going to find a
cat at hey Chef peee what do you want
Marvin I'm making my sweet sweet Beanie
Weenies sweet Beanie Weenies yeah I only
make it once a year it tastes like ass
but it keeps me leaning oh well I'm
looking for a cat that'll throw up on a
plate for me well I don't know what
you're going through my boy but if you
eat this [ __ ] I guarantee you you might
throw up on a plate good thinking Chef
peipe Jeffy won't tell the difference
between human throw up and cat throw up
so if I take a bite of this I'll throw
up yeah I guarantee it all right let me
try it all right Jeffy here's your cat
throw up e what is that it's cat throw
up they didn't look like cat throw up
that looks like human throw there's no
way you would know that hey there you
guys should try the catering today it's
great they got this baked chicken and
potatoes and these burnt carrots it
taste like Christmas it's awesome anyway
you got the throw up my putting a bone
in your ass or this dog bone hey I have
the throw up it's right here ew that's
gross the last one didn't look that
gross you didn't even see the last one
oh yeah you're right I wasn't in those
scenes I saw them off camera I like to
watch the scenes when I'm not in them
but I mean we still got the other throw
up right here it was in the prop
Department oh that's my old throw up
give me give me there you go wait you
can't just go in the prop department and
go off script listen man we're almost at
10 minutes and I mean look this is a
video about cat vomit okay we are
scraping the bottom of the barrel here
we're like The Simpsons okay it was
either this or a video about a blowup
doll which is probably coming next okay
well I guess you're right yeah I'm just
going to take my potatoes and Christmas
carrots and go back to my trailer and
I'm going to take my cat throw up and go
to my room and play in it
[Music]
right