who's my little cuddle muffin oh who's
my little snuggle bear I am my little
Strawberry Shortcake with a cherry on
top of course with a cherry on top are
you guys done Jeffy how long have you
been standing there long enough to throw
up in my mouth and swallow it what do
you want Jeffy I want to help building
my Lego pirate ship Jeffy I don't have
time to build a Lego pirate ship but D
it'd be really quick it's only
1,260 pieces and if it takes us 30
seconds per piece that's only 630
minutes which is only 10 and 1/2 hours
so let's get started Jeffy I'm not going
to assemble Legos for 10 and 1/2 hours
Marvin you should spend more time with
Jeffy but my little cuddle muffin I
don't want to assemble Legos for 10 and
1/2 hours but blueberry bear you could
do the first 5 and 1/2 hours and then I
could take over for the last 5 hours but
baby I don't want to assemble Legos hey
Dad check this out if you buy me two
more of these sets we can build the
pirate house and the Pirate Island then
we have the whole collection and that
would be the tits I'm not buying you any
more Legos Jeffy until you assemble this
Lego set so how about this if you
assemble the Lego pirate ship by
yourself then I'll buy the other two
sets that you can assemble by yourself
how about that well Dad yesterday I was
watching this naughty video and that had
the exact same title three in one Jeffy
I'm not going to assemble Legos with you
so take this to your room and assemble
it by yourself who's that hopefully
someone to help me build my Lego [ __ ]
let me see what it is uh hello help me
help me please you have to hide me wait
areen you Goodman Butler well yes but
not anymore it's a long story please
hide me please okay come upstairs thank
God so Marvin who was at the door it was
Mr Goodman's Butler my name is ch well
CH what are you doing here I had to run
away from Mr Goodman I couldn't stand
the Conant bickering and nagging and him
demanding me to say Sir at the end of
every sentence sir Well why'd you run
away why didn't you just quit because he
would kill me you don't understand I'm
the 14th Butler this year I've seen
things things he doesn't want the world
to know so if a butler wants to quit he
just kills them well you can stay here I
I promise you he's not going to come
looking for you here thank you who's
that that must be him please you have to
hide me now I'll do anything hide in the
bathroom okay I'm going to go answer the
door and and tell him he's not here uh
hello a [ __ ] here who that
baldheaded bastard what I don't know who
you're talking about my butler Marvin
what I didn't even know you had a butler
oh stop tugging my balls Marvin I know
he's here because I have a Tracker in
his colon and I find my butler app let
me right to your house what you're find
my butler app well I didn't there's no
Butler in my house your phone must be
acting up oh really because if I press
this button it'll shock his colon you
have to press that I'm going to press it
don't don't press it I'm pressing
it found him the find my btler rra says
he's in here he's not in my bathroom we
should go check another room he could be
in your shower he's not in the shower
let's
see there he is no no that's just my
screaming shower curtain I got it from
Bed Bath and Beyond oh really I would
love to see it scream
again okay look I I will pull back the
curtain to show you he's not in the
shower okay
run oh yes these pipes are lovely Master
Marvin I was just fixing your pipes
thank you so much for hiring me again oh
thank you so much for coming oh Goodman
old chap I didn't even notice you there
oh Marvin here he was just hiring me to
fix his pipes did I say you can leave
the house ches well no sir but that is
unacceptable that is three spankin for
you with the paddle is that the paddle
with or without the spikes sir the
spikes you know that chiv now go warm my
Lamborghini yes sir God you're getting
old it's so hard to find good help
around here Marvin now walk me to the
car okay all right chives you know the
Lamborghini doesn't come with heated
seats so I'm going to need you to pull
your pants down and warm up my seat with
your bare ass cheeks very good sir what
are you doing you don't have to take
this you can stand up for yourself you
can say I don't want to work for you
anymore and stand up for yourself H you
know what you're right I don't have to
take this anymore I'm a man M up did you
just raise your voice at me chives you
have a dirty mouth you get in that
car no sir I I was just letting you know
that I took the liberty to warm the baby
oil for the butt spanking later you rub
that Vaseline all over those ass cheeks
chives now get in the car yes uh thanks
for helping me find them Marvin you want
to watch the spankin no I'm good all
right he's going to get spankin in my
car here it comes
chives one sir stop tensing up
to S Marvin what was that all about I
don't know but I don't want to talk
about it okay Danny she you don't want
to build the pirate ship can we make a
Play-Doh pizza and eat it but no Jeffy
you can't eat Play-Doh it's poisonous oh
that's why I run out of Play-Doh so fast
but then why they make it look like
pizza it's supposed to be like a
joke I'm not laughing daddy well look
how about we do something else who's
that hold on hello Marvin please you
have to hide me again I escaped Goodman
in those powerful spankings but he has a
track on your butt he's GNA find you
again I need you to help me remove it
now come Marvin who was at the door This
Time Marvin quick stick your hand up my
R to get the tracking device out Marvin
what is going on I'm not sticking my
hand up your butt I'll do it no you're
not going to do it Jeffy fine I'll do it
to
myself it came out oh thank God hurry
grab it so we can flush it I'm not going
to grab it fine I'll do it to my
myself e why'd you put it in your
mouth all right Marvin flush it
okay Goodman will never find me now
okay Marvin what is going on here look
there was a tracking device in his butt
and we flushed it so Goodman couldn't
find him
exactly oh no that must be Goodman again
Marvin please you must hide me again no
find your own hiding spot excellent idea
uh hello where is he what's the bat for
I'm going to beat his bald head with my
baseball bat this is my baldheaded
baseball bat beater well I promise you
your Butler's not in my house my find my
butler app said he's in the exact same
spot that he was in last time so I'm
going to go beat your screaming shower
curtain with my baseball
B how do you like that CH pull the
curtain back
okay what hold
on my find my bu AB says he's right here
no he's not here here no oh I see what
you did wait what you flushed him down
the toilet didn't you I can't flush him
down the toilet flush me down the toilet
Marvin what flush you down the toilet
yeah I'm going in after flush me down
the
toilet okay all right Marvin flush me
okay I'm Coming For You chives I'm
coming Marvin can you please tell me
what's going on I just flushed Goodman
down the toilet what thank goodness sir
I was hiding under the sink 5 more
seconds and I think he would have found
me you saved my life I'll do anything
for you sir I I'll be your servant I'll
cut your toad Nows no no that's fine you
you can just go home but wait Marvin
he's a butler he could take care of
Jeffy and do all the things with Jeffy
that you don't want to do good thinking
baby but you're so smart uh yeah yeah he
can he could build the Lego set and and
the Play-Doh pizza uh chives there is
one thing you can do for me of course
anything sir I want you to be jeffy's
Butler you know and do everything he
says anything's better than working for
Goodman of course all right Jeffy so
this is chives he's your butler he'll do
anything you say that is the tits all
right butter pillow baby let's go to the
bedroom okay flutter by oh yeah yeah
y'all are gay indeed sir so Master
helmet head what is your first request
sir well first I want you to build my
1,260 piece pirate Lego sh that is a lot
of pieces it might take me a little
while sir yeah take you exactly 10 and
1/2 hours because with
1,260 pieces and one piece every 30
seconds that equals 630 minutes which
equals 10 and 1/2 hours so you better
get started of course sir I'll be on
that right away great there you are sir
your Lego pirate ship all
1,260 pieces huh it took you 10 hours
and 45 minutes it was only supposed to
take you 10 and 1/2 hours well you see
sir there are many more pieces and my
vision's not as good as it used to be oh
oh well let's go see if it floats uh
floats
sir that took me over 10 hours to build
it didn't float of course it didn't sir
there's no water in the tub oh maybe we
should have put water in it build it
again I think I saw Play-Doh pizza set
upstairs how about we go do that instead
okay let's go make a pizza thank God all
right sir your Play-Doh pizza is ready
eat it you want you want me to eat it
sir yeah eat it I would rather not I eat
it all the time it's good eat it sir I I
would rather not I said eat it yes sir
of course
sir so good sir take a real bite yes
sir what's that over there sir
where oh wow that was so good that was
so delicious I I could have another oh
you ate it already I'll just Mak you
another one no sir I I'm so stuffed from
the first one but I couldn't dare but
why don't we do something else all right
here made me some water balloons yes
sir sir your water balloons are ready
all right than do with them as you wish
sir I didn't break please don't do that
again sir sir go to Heavens don't don't
put that
down that one didn't break either you
know El sir sir I I must implore you
please let's how about we go do
something else sir all right so I
decided you need to wear a uniform sir I
already am wearing a uniform no I think
you need to wear something more formal
put this on Sir this is a chicken suit
yeah put it on must I absolutely have to
sir did I stutter I said Put it on you
did not stut sir I will get to it right
away I have put on the chicken suit sir
all right good now I want you to act
like a chicken of course sir b b bck no
that's not realistic enough I want you
to act like a real chicken I will do my
best
H good now I want you to color a paint
down this coloring book which one sir
just pick one any one of them but it's
got to be perfectly with in the line
absolutely sir right on it sir your
perfectly colored book as requested ches
what the heck whatever do you mean sir
you calling outside the line you blind
old fart idiot sir the ears were hard to
see and there's a beak in my face well
find another picture and color it
perfectly dummy you know what no I don't
have to deal with this anymore not from
you not from Goodman I quit good day sir
I don't have to deal with this anymore
oh Goodman old chob where have you
been in the sewer looking for your
tracker that's supposed to be in your
butt that must have fell out when I used
the restroom earlier sir actually you
know what I don't have to deal with this
anymore sir I'm finally sticking up for
myself I quit oh no you quit are you
working for Chick-fil-A is that what
this is this well no but anything's
better than working for you you old bag
wow no one's ever stood up for me before
it almost it almost sounds like you need
to put this chip back in your ass good
day sir well you know what I got 20,000
different reasons why you should put
that microchip back in your ass shall I
warm the Lamborghini with my butter
cheeks sir indeed absolutely get your
ass back in the car Jeffy how's your
butler doing yeah you having fun no he
quit he quit yeah but it's okay dny I
got this new Lego set and I know you
were upset about the last one cuz it was
going to take like 10 and 1/2 hours but
this one's only 1,02 pieces and at 30
seconds per piece that'll take 501
minutes in just under 8 and 1/2 hours
well get started
Marvin okay let's build this one
[Music]
wa