all right guys I'm going to the store do
you need anything poptarts Jeffy you
already have Pop-Tarts right here I like
it well what flavor Pop-Tarts Jeffy yes
okay well do you need anything else Hot
Pockets I'm talking ham and cheddar
don't get them the Hot Pockets you're
just going to heat them up and hump them
well it's better than my Peppa Pig
pinata but Jeffy you're not supposed to
have that you lost that privilege baby
throw that away when you leave okay what
don't forget the Hot Pockets Jeffy why
don't you just get a girlfriend so you
don't have to use Hot Pockets daddy
who's ever going to date this you're
right baby get the Hot Pockets a lot of
them and the poptarts but we already
have Pop-Tarts right here Jeffy but I
don't like those Pop-Tarts they're yucky
there's no way they're yucky they look
good what you want to try them yeah I'll
try them all right here I'm want me get
you a piece just turn your head and open
your mouth
okay it's Gorilla Glue I glued your
mouth shut what are you saying Daddy
gorilla got your
tongue Daddy I don't know what the [ __ ]
you're saying open your mouth and
talk 911 what's your
emergency sir could you please not talk
with your
mouthful no I know whatever you're
eating sounds really delicious but I
can't understand
you okay now I'm curious what are you
eating m m oh come on tell me it sounds
really good mm-m m is it a Firehouse Sub
cuz that's the noise I make when I eat
them I go
M okay if you don't tell me what you're
eating I'm going to hang up what you
just stub your
toe oh I know what's going on you've
been kidnapped and the kidnappers put
duct tape over your mouth is that right
mm- and they have a gun to your head mm
and they say they're going to shoot you
if I don't bring a million dollars in
unmarked bills with no die packs and a
fully fueled up police helicopter ready
to go with no tracker and they want me
to come naked so they know I don't have
any weapons on me okay I'll be right
there and I'll make sure nobody follows
me and there's no
backup and they want me to do
what the things I do to save these
hostages okay I'll be right
there okay I'm here and I got the
million dollars in unmarked bills I'm
naked so you know I don't have any
weapons and the helicopter's behind me
and it's all fueled up and ready to go
now where is this glory hole I just want
to get this over with it's upstairs okay
let's
go wait a minute where's the glory hole
no I don't want to do it but I just have
to to save your life wait where are the
kidnappers you said there were
kidnappers with a gun to your head mm
kid have you seen any kidnappers there's
no kidnappers you lied to me you just
wanted me to come over here naked so you
could see if yours is bigger than mine
we'll take a good look is
it oh I see now you're ashamed wait wait
a minute if there's no kidnappers that
means I can keep the million dollars for
my myself I'm
rich um I I I don't know if you can
notice but um there was a die pack in
there yeah I I I don't know why I
thought the department would just give
me a million dollars and not put a die
pack in there see we don't we don't
really just give a million dollars we we
try to arrest people yeah your your
life's not worth a million dollars you
know what I'm um I'm going to go put my
clothes back on yeah oh man I'm really
glad I wasn't wearing my shirt when the
I pack went off I'd hate to stain my
shirt you know the department only gives
us one shirt cuz it's so cheap that's
why I probably should have expected they
wouldn't just give away a million
dollars now I have to live with the
consequences I look like Papa Smurf
finished on my face or maybe somebody
threw a blueberry pie at
me is Right blueberry pie is delicious
although I prefer Cherry I gorilla glued
his mouth shut oh that makes so much
more sense why didn't you just say
so oh that's right you couldn't cuz your
mouth is glued shut you know I know
we've been milking this intro pretty
hard but your mouth being glued shut
reminds me of this guy I went to high
school with Gary glue lips I'm going to
tell you about them so in high school
there was this kid named Gary and he
loved to eat glue every time you looked
at him he was squeezing a bottle of
Elmer's glue in his mouth for lunch he'd
bring a lunch boox full of glue nothing
but glue and he'd eat it bro was
constantly in the bathroom constipated
from all the glue in his ass everybody
would point at him and say glue eater
glue ass but he loved it he didn't care
what anyone thought of him and I thought
that was pretty cool so I asked him to
go to Applebee's with me and I ordered
the mozzarella sticks but he brought
glue sticks and he just chomped on them
but we became good friends but he died
the way you'd expect someone who ate
glue would die a skydiving accident you
see we had a senior skydiving trip at my
school and you had to pick a partner and
pack your own stuff and he said don't
forget the parachutes but I thought he
said pair of shoes so when he jumped out
of the plane and he went to deploy his
parachute a pair of Nike Air Jordans
came out and he hit the ground and died
I was so confused because they were Air
Jordans but I guess that didn't matter
so I didn't jump out after I saw what
happened but his Tombstone was the shape
of a bottle of glue Elmer's paid for all
the funeral costs yeah rip Gary I mean
that doesn't really fix your mouth
situation but hey we got a good minute
out of that right you know I hear
jeffy's 20th birthday's coming up next
week you excited for that
buddy yeah you guys are going to like
that you're going to eat that [ __ ] up
okay so let me fix your mouth so we can
get this plot rolling come here oh ow
you just like ripped my mouth open
that's what she said from my Chad I'm
just kidding Jeffy should answer it why
no just trust me I have a feeling Jeffy
go answer it hello UPS I got a package
you need to sign for I'm also the UPS
man in case you didn't notice what's in
the box oh hopefully something that gets
us five more [ __ ] minutes I mean the
plot there you go you enjoy that y
careful I'll see you upstairs hey Dad
look a package came in your mail what's
in the package oh peron's diseas dick
takes a right turn without using a turn
signal and [ __ ] what hey sorry I was in
the bathroom oh hey look a package I
didn't know you had a package what's in
the package Jeffy what's in the package
I don't know I didn't order anything
well open
it hello who is my husband there's a
woman in that box hey Marvin I think
that package is for me right I'm just
kidding this is very strange Daddy I
think this package came from Epstein's
Island I am your mail order bride what
mail order bride what's that oh yeah I
heard about this it's like a website
where you can go and buy a wife you can
buy a wife yeah it's mostly for ugly
people I have of the three of you I
cannot tell who is my husband well
that's just hurtful although right now I
do look like I'm an avatar Oh Daddy can
I bang her no Jeff you can't banger but
I want Russian pooper no pooper yes
pooper no Jeffy no one's marrying her
but I need a green card who is my
husband Oh Daddy I'll be her husband no
Jeffy the answer is no but please I
promise I'll take her outside for her to
use the bathroom and I'll give her food
and water come on Marvin Every Boy
Deserves a Russian mail or or
bride please Danny please please please
please please we all right yeah you're
the best daddy ever but one accident
she's going to the pound oh she's going
to the pound right now come on get your
[ __ ] you're going to my room I am
bringing my boxs Marvin you're such a
good dad can you not wash that stuff off
your face no it's a die pack that's
that's the whole point it just stays
there oh all right so this is my room
and these are my bunk beds top or bottom
oh I like top now which bunk bed do you
want oh it doesn't matter whatever you
prefer H what's your name anyway
whatever you like it will
be damn Marvin he's really going to town
in there it's been like an hour oh it
just
stopped D do we have any balls of water
cuz my balls are dehydrated Jeffy talk
to you don't actually want to marry that
Russian girl yes I do I was Vladimir
putting it in your pooper but Jeffy we
don't even know who she is like she she
could be stealing stuff why would you
leave her alone all right fine I'll call
her in here Jeffy fart [ __ ] 4 get in
here what did you just call her Jeffy
fart [ __ ] 4 no five Jeffy all right six
the number's not the problem then what's
the problem you you have a cuss word in
her name okay fine I'll Cent it Jeffy
fart f word 4 get in here hello hi Jeffy
fart f word for how you doing you don't
actually like that name I like my name I
think it's very pretty listen you don't
have to do this do that bang [ __ ] [ __ ]
Binks L put it on a paper you know I
like it in this country here with your
blue walls your red couch I see why you
pick these colors for your flag [ __ ]
yeah America 58 times straight Super
Bowl world champions and we won the last
five NBA championships too cuz the
Toronto Raptors won 6 years ago but
Canada can lick my taint cuz we're
America we got tacos and French fries
and and pizza and um uh and and school
shootings I guess and football did I
mention football [ __ ] yeah we're the
best country I hunger well what do you
eat dick what do you eat vodka okay I
don't think we have vodka but my wife's
almost back with the Hot Pockets you can
tell Mommy to cancel the Hot Pockets
because I'm going to be eating Russian
Hot Pockets tonight well she's also
getting
poptarts that might be her popart time
hello hey Marvin did one of my packages
accidentally get delivered here well I
guess wouldn't be an accident
considering I own your house and
naturally I get my packages sent to
properties that I own I mean there was a
package delivered and did you open it I
mean no cuz it's my monthly mail order
bride Subscription Service they send me
a new wife every single month and this
month was supposed to be a Russian her
name was going to be Goodman fart [ __ ] 4
what okay five no it's okay six the
number is not the issue then what's the
problem the cuss word and it okay fine
then I'll censor it Goodman fart f word
for in a nightmare that's what I thought
when I showed up here and I didn't see
my package on your front doorstep okay
your package is upstairs okay I'm coming
in to get her all right Jeffy the real
owner of that woman's here what that's
right come on Goodman fart [ __ ] 4 what
this going on jeffy's not really your
husband he didn't order you he did
that's you lie to me I'm sorry sweet
cheeks I was just trying to get some
strange that's right now come on now
wait a minute it's probably the right
thing to do to let her pick who she
wants to have as a husband that's a good
idea Marvin all right go ahead money oh
Wier oh money oh wiener oh I choose
money all right come on let's go Jeffy
don't be sad she was never yours it was
just your turn that's right Jeffy women
are always going to choose money just
like my ex-wife that fat [ __ ] yeah she
was fat Marvin remember when your mouth
was glued shut I liked it better that
way face
burn get you some ointment for that burn
in your itchy
ass I'm your doctor so I know about your
it itchy ass problem
[Music]