Marvin I'm so glad you ordered Panda
Express it's so authentic yeah I love
their spaghetti let's turn on a movie
while we eat our Chinese food go get
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 2
available now oh no what's wrong Marvin
the new Call of Duty just came out
what's wrong with that Doug's going to
ask me to buy it for him Marvin you
don't know that he ask every year Marvin
calm down why don't you eat your fortune
cookie okay Marvin stop it don't eat it
like that you're supposed to read the
paper read the paper Marvin please
Marvin please no douge I'm not buying
you the new Call of Duty but I need it
it's the new Call of Duties Modern
Warfare tree didn't they already make
Modern Warfare 3 yeah then why did they
make it again man well I'm not getting
it for you play the old one I don't want
to play the old one I want the new one
because it got the updated graphics and
they even bringing back the old M packs
well I don't have the money for Call of
Duty but you got money for panda food
Panda food dougy I have a question how
did you get a custom Fortune inside a
fortune cookie I called up my buddy
Leroy who works at the fortune cookie
factory okay well then how did you know
that the fortune cookie was going to be
in my Panda Express order I got lucky no
you didn't dogy ask Leroy for money I
can't because he died last week how'd he
die he got stuck in the fortune cookie
paor he was unfortunate well D you
that's a lie look go use your own money
to buy Call of Duty I would use my own
money but I loped it how' you lops your
money let me tell you so I was was at
SeaWorld trying to see shampoo the whale
and Jimmy the [ __ ] hiips was handing out
pups to feed him and I got me one big
ass peup and I said come here shampoo
your assass and shampoo the well ain't
like me calling him ugly so he be done
jumped up and ate me and swallowed me
whole so then I was in his belly and I
see Pinocchio and I said hey pinoo why
you be up in shampoo stomach and his ass
said that he was looking for Nemo and he
was helping Nemo be done find his dad
and then panach not nose grew and I knew
he was lying so I pointed at him and
said you're lying ass so then shampoo
done stopped at the whale Wash and Will
Smith's Fish started washing him and I
told panat not to use his long ass nose
to poke shampoo in the dangly punching
bag tonsil throat thing and shampoo beat
done threw us up outside the tank so
then I said thanks pnch and he said nah
you got to be all that pays me for
saving your lives and I said what you
want and he said what you got and I said
$80 come I'm about to go get the new
Call of Duty and he said bet I'll take
that run your pockets little boy and I
said all right chill chill chill you can
have my money cuz Marvin's going to buy
me the new Call of Duties and poo no
said that real Knox and Marvins to do
that and I said yeah Marvin's my best
friend and he likes to spend money on
Panda food and panachi said maybe he
should stop spending all his money on
panda Panda food I said all right I'll
tell him D so myips puka said to stop
spending all your money on Panda food
and buy me the new Call of Duties douge
that whole story was a lie not the whole
thing I did go to SeaWorld and I did see
jimy [ __ ] hiips look douge listen how
did you get inside SeaWorld how did you
afford that I got in for free cuz my
cousin Ray Ray worked there scooping the
well poop well ask Ray Ray for some
money I can't cuz he died last week how
did he die shampoo the wh bit his head
off and his family got a really big S of
bimp well ask his family for the money I
can't cuz they died last week how did
they die they were swimming in a pool
and they decided they was hungry for
some toast and they decided to drop the
toaster in the pool and they got
electrocutes that did that happened
listen the mall has a bunch of stores
inside maybe one of them is hiring so go
to the mall and look for a job you want
me to go get a job and actually work for
my money like some kind of animal yeah
go here I go
to go
working I told you he was going to ask
for the game oo M look I got some job
where'd you get a job at they hired me
to take the money out the water fountain
at the mall and look at all this money I
got they was just throwing it away they
was littering and while I was taking the
money out this little girl threw a penny
in the fountain and she wished for a
pony I said little girl you ain't going
to be able to afford a pony if you keep
throwing all your money in the fountain
douge did the mall hire you to clean the
money out of the fountain or were you at
the mall and you saw money in the so you
took it the second one but my [ __ ]
guess what I'm going to be a business
owner I'm going to start a business
that's called douge cleans water
fountains at the mall as long as there's
money in the LLC douy take this money
back it's not yours no no one tried to
stop me except for the security guard
that yell stop it but I just R away
douge take this money back right now
it's not yours no my bibs help me c it
one penny two pennies my bips how many
pennies is in $100 10,000 that's a made
up number you don't made that up there's
someone at the door hold on hello what
the cops yeah so I was on patrol at the
mall earlier and I saw this dinosaur
showing a bunch of pennies into like
this metal tin so I yelled hey stop it
and he ran away but I've seen him here
before so is he here now yeah does he
have the pennies yeah okay please don't
arrest him he's just stupid I'm not
going to arrest him as long as he gives
the money back it's honestly just a
bunch of pennies and maybe some quarters
that would be extremely petty theft and
all of that money just goes to a
children's hospital and I guess kids eat
pennies cuz there's no way it would be
able to afford anything useful have you
seen the cost of an x-ray it's no wonder
you can't find out you have ball cans
until you're 50 well he's upstairs okay
all right Officer he's right there mob
bips I counted to seven but then my
brain started to hurt oh look is the
mall cop that yell stop it yeah that was
me I did say that but I'm not a mall cop
I'm a real cop if you want to see a m
cop you should check out this hilarious
flick Paul Blart mul cop oh Kevin James
what role won't you take why do you have
that on you I got like 60 copies of
these cuz I ordered one on Amazon and I
guess they sent me 60 cuz they just
wanted to get rid of them so here you
can have that that's a gift for me but
look if you just give me the money back
we won't have any problems but I work so
really hard to get this money he had a
shovel it took him 2 minutes listen
douge give him the money back because
you don't want to go to jail cuz then
you won't be able to play the new Call
of
Duty so what's am I supposed to do for
manise uh Marvin I'm getting a call it
says potential fraud yeah it's probably
Jimmy Butler don't answer it he is a
fraud get all the way to the finals and
then piss down his leg to a team that's
named after a McDonald's menu item stick
to making coffee Jimmy that's clearly a
passion but no seriously it's probably
one of those scammers trying to get old
people's money old people give their
credit cards out to anybody really yeah
it's a big problem people call up old
people pretended to be their grandkids
of the IRS and then old people just hand
over all the credit card information
really I don't like how you're saying
really all high pitch and interested
like that but I really got to get going
so I'm just going to take this money and
leave I got an
idea all right dou why you reading the
Guinness Book of World Records cuz I'm
looking for the oldest living people so
I can call them and get their credit
card information so I can get new Call
of Duty game all right dougy there's so
much wrong with this first off scamming
old people is wrong okay and also this
is Guinness Book of World Records 2015
that was like 8 years ago those old
people are dead no they not cuz if they
was dead then they wouldn't be put in
the books no they're probably not in the
new book cuz someone probably beat them
well that's really mean if you beat up
the oldest living person no no douy also
even if those old people are alive phone
number is not in the book yes it is cuz
how else are you going to call them and
congratulate them on Breaking the
records you don't call them listen douge
I got an idea no scamming old people how
about you set your own world record and
then they'll pay you and you can buy the
new Call of Duty oh that's a good idea
my bibs how about I set the record for
most times asking for the new Call of
Duty game in 10 seconds go can I have
the new Call of Duty can I have the new
Call of Duty can I have new Call of Duty
can I have the new Call of Duty can have
a new that's not a record dou yes it is
show me someone else who had done it no
one's done it all right then that's a
record so call the record book man okay
fine I'll call him just so he can call
you stupid hey there did somebody call
the Guinness Book of World Records yeah
I want to break a record oh great it's
always cool to see somebody break a
world record what record do you want to
break most times asking for the new Call
of Duty game in 10 seconds I don't think
that's a record you can break well watch
just how fast I can ask it can a new
Call of Duty new no no I I just meant I
don't think that's worth being in the
book well you guys have the world's
oldest person in the book and I don't
think that's worthy of being in there
but that's actually impressive well then
why don't y'all have the world's
youngest person in the books that
changes literally every second well I
want to seiz it okay do you have a world
record to break or not how about world's
worst lie I told a pretty bad lie
earlier and it was bad yeah it was
pretty bad no all right how about
world's scariest dream a couple weeks
ago I had a really scary dream and I
woke up scared well I can't see a dream
to confirm how scary it was really scary
well I don't doubt that but still no all
right well how about most KFC chicken
eat it so fast no I don't I don't think
so how about most Kool-Aid drank so good
no if you don't have a world record I'm
just going to leave well I'm just trying
to break a record so I can get paid so I
can get the new Call of Duty game oh we
don't pay people for breaking World
Records well if you don't pay anybody
then why am I trying to waste my time
with my talents trying to press you Mr
record book man wait a minute are you a
[ __ ] dinosaur yeah well I mean that
could be in the book the world's only
talking dinosaur well I'm not going to
let you take my picture and put in the
book If I ain't going to get paid I want
$10,000 well I mean I'll pay you $100
just to get a selfie with a dinosaur no
I want $10,000 dougy just take that $100
and you can buy your stupid Call of Duty
game no I'm trying to bargain with the
man I want $10,000 he's not going to pay
you $10,000 just take the 100 and you
get your Call of Duty fine okay say
cheese pickles okay thanks here's your
$100 look dougy now you going get your
Call of Duty yeah but I'm just don't
feel right I wanted you to pay for it
okay then fine I'll go pay for it all
right douge I got you Call of Duty
Modern Warfare 3 and it only cost $5 so
I got $95 back in change and I gave it
to a homeless person to make it for all
the bad stuff you did today Marvin are
you stupid this is the old Modern
Warfare 3 it doesn't matter it's all the
same [ __ ] hey everyone it's Logan I just
want to remind you guys about gamer Subs
they sponsored us a few videos ago and
if you use this code below you get 10%
off anything you order off their website
they also said they might be giving us
our own flavor like our own Jeffy flavor
so if you guys have a funny name for
like a Jeffy energy drink flavor please
post a comment below but yes use this
code below 10% off anything on the
website they might even give us our own
cup so guys please check them out you
guys are amazing we love you and we'll
keep uploading videos and also Five
Nights at Freddy's 3 is coming soon
we're working on it please just be
patient we're trying to get that out
next
[Music]
weekend
oh