oh man guys I'm so hungry yeah I can't
wait to eat my turkey Panini and I can't
wait to eat my ham and bacon sandwich
damn chicken chicken and mashed potatoes
oh there's mashed potatoes oh you know
there's mash potatoes oh give me some of
that tatoes oh you can't tell my mashed
tatoes wrong with you trying to tell my
mashed potatoes oh I love T give me that
Cody you can't have any of Joseph's
taters okay all right guys let's eat our
food
chicken oh I'm so
full uh B oh man that was a good panine
Cody you didn't even burp uh yes I did
didn't you hear it you just said the
word burp okay look I can't burp okay
it's a gastrointestinal problem Oh
Joseph do you like your chicken oh man I
love my chicken I to that thing off
Joseph why are you talking like that so
what do you guys want to do for the rest
of the day oh dude let's play a game oh
yeah let's play pickle ball you suck ass
at pickle ball Cody you're such a dick
Junior you're a dick yeah well you know
what they say you are you eat
Cody you're a turkey Junior you're a pig
Joseph you're a chicken dude you're
Cody's mom I guess I am Cody's mom oink
oink o guys shut up we don't have time
to make fun of my mom this is a problem
we're animals what do you think happened
I don't know wait wait a minute Cody you
said you are what you eat I was making a
wiener joke Junior if anything I should
be a wiener but what if when you said
you are what you eat it turned us into
what we ate cuz I ate a ham sandwich oh
and I ate turkey dude I ate a chicken
wait that wouldn't make any sense cuz I
didn't eat big fat whale so I'm not
Cody's mom what Junior shut up we have
to figure this out so should we call a
doctor well yeah I'll get my phone hold
on uh just damn it it's really hard to
type in the numbers with my beak I'll
help I'll
help hey there somebody call an adorable
doctor you're a cat yeah I know I don't
really know what happened well my friend
said you are what you eat and then we
turned into the things that we ate oh so
it's like some kind of curse yeah so why
are you a cat well I mean I am an OBGYN
and I didn't wash my hands before eating
and I licked my fingers of course I was
eating Chinese food so it could be one
so do you know what we can do about this
this literally just happened and it
seems like some kind of magic so no I
can actually do less now that I'm a cat
so we're just going to be animals
forever sorry I look I've never been
able to li My Balls before so I've just
been going to town and I guess I have a
hairball
now hold
on oh that is much better sorry about
that you see that that is cat ball hair
so what are we going to do now I have no
idea wait a minute Cody you said you are
what you eat so what if you said we
aren't what we eat and we go back to
normal um okay you you know what they
always say you're not what you
eat yeah that didn't work maybe cuz
that's not like a saying that people
actually say like obviously you're not
what you eat duh so we're going to be
animal for the rest of our lives yeah I
guess so wait you have nine lives oh
that's right hell yeah oh I can lick my
own balls and I can die nine times
that's awesome I'm going to go run in
front of a car I'll see you guys later
oh man I wish I could like my own balls
so guys what are we going to do
the
[Music]
news breaking news it's me Steve
squirrel Burger I got hit by a car on
the way over here everybody in the world
has turned into an animal for some
reason I was eating a squirrel burger
and now I'm a squirrel Cody you turned
everyone in the world into an animal
well how was I supposed to know that was
going to happen I'm not the first person
to ever say that oh what are we going to
do what do you think Chef peei turned
into probably a b casserole cuz he burns
all his food ooh let's go see bro yeah
let's go
see I can't wait to eat my scrambled
eggs Junior Chef pe's right there how is
he still a human I guess he hasn't eaten
yet dude he's about to eat scrumbled
eggs right now we need to stop him okay
shf B
[Music]
no oh [ __ ] baby no is that a pig well
get out of here big I'm trying to eat my
scrambled
EG wait what what what happened to me
you turned into what you ate Chef B
Junior is that you you're a pig how did
you turn into a pig because we are what
we eat and you turn into a chick wait
wait I don't have boobs nor a vagina
Junior no you didn't turn into like a
girl chick you turn into a baby chicken
wait why would I turn into a baby
chicken because you ate eggs you are
what you eat oh so stupid and lame
Junior F us out what what happened I I
don't know it's like a curse and
everyone turned into animals you better
turn us back right now to here figure
this out well it's not my fault we're
going to figure it out hold on Chef peip
Guys I wasn't able to stop chef peip
from turning into a chick well maybe if
you didn't jump in slow motion you would
have gotten there in time yeah it took
you forever dude I was just being
dramatic yeah so guys what are we going
to do we're animals I don't know Junior
I don't even have thumbs this sucks do
you think my dad turned into an animal
oh Junior you should check and see if
he's still human you need to stop him
okay Dad Dad Dad oh my God I must be
tripping balls right now cuz W for
Charlotte's Web is talking to me in my
room man that's some pig no Dad it's me
Junior wait Junior you're a pig what
happened to you I don't know but why are
you a frog I don't know I was in here
watching TV eating frog legs and then
next thing you know I'm a Frog why do
you eat frog legs Dad don't judge me
look it tastes like chicken that's gross
it's good look don't knock it until you
try it ew dad weirdo oink was that a
good oink or a bad oink a bad oink so is
your dad human no he's a frog your dad
eats frogs he eats frog legs huh never
tried him so what are we going to do
Cody we're animals we can't be animals
forever I don't know we don't know
anyone else that's human oh my God
Junior stop Cookie Monster huh cookie no
cookie moner please
don't God no I can't even watch Jesus oh
man he turned into a cookie damn it
Cookie Monster damn you and your love of
cookies he was so innocent dude he's a
cookie though that's what he would have
wanted okay Cody listen we got to think
of a way to fix this you're the one who
calls this with your stupid saying O I
have an idea okay I I said you are what
you eat right okay so if we eat a human
that means we'll turn back into a human
right yeah if we eat a human we'll turn
back into humans yeah well we don't know
anyone that's still human though yeah we
have to find a human that hasn't eaten
today oh a homeless man yeah homeless
people don't eat anything they never eat
dude yeah so let's go outside and find a
homeless man and eat him yeah okay all
right let's
go guys guys guys I found a homeless man
over here oh cool let's eat him turkey
big chicken uh Cody you go first no
Junior you go first okay where do I even
start uh ow bad piggy I tried biting his
fingers dude you got to rip his arms off
look watch this B chicken okay you know
what I think we should go inside and do
this cuz I don't want people seeing us
murder this man yeah let could get messy
all right let's take him
inside all right so we're in the privacy
of our own home so now we can eat them
okay Junior go uh I'm going to try his
ear this time
my ear oh it's so gross oh my God Junior
you ripped his ear off I don't like that
he screamed out he's going to scream out
Junior you just ripped his ear off all
right Cody you try to eat him okay I
guess I'll try down here oh God junior
he smells like [ __ ] peee in my pants Oh
junior he peed his pants I'm not eating
him this is gross dude I eat him no I
don't like trying to eat him and who
knows what kind of diseases he has yeah
all right you know what I'm going to try
his fingers one more
time okay you know what go get out of
here
that's Food Dude Junior I guess we're
just not capable of eating a person yeah
it's just way too sad let's try
something else oh guys look how late it
is we have to go to school tomorrow uh
let's just figure it out then all right
I'll see you guys at school tomorrow
yeah man it's raining really bad outside
hey Penelope or should I say baracy shut
up Junior yes I'm a piece of broccoli I
had broccoli for dinner last night and I
woke up this morning and I was a piece
of broccoli oh sorry about that sorry
what is this your fault yeah I said you
are what you eat and now we are oh so
you had some turkey I'm guessing yeah
and before you guess no I did not eat
Cody's mom it would have been a good
guess though oh of course you had
chicken what's that supposed to mean
Penelope all right class so last night
when I was eating dinner I turned into a
dog I don't know why but since we're all
animals you can all go home no class
today yay no he SC to
day o oink oink guys school's out
already oh dudee we got to go home and
have fun what fun can we have we're
animals let's go to my house and see if
we can figure out how to be humans again
okay all right guys how are we going to
become humans again Junior you keep
asking that but we don't have answers
cuz I don't know what to do hey there
who are you oh uh I'm Brooklyn guy I I I
was a cat but I'm not anymore because I
ate Stuart Little you ate Stuart Little
yeah I saw him driving around his little
car and I thought if I eat him I'll
become him so I ate him and now I am him
I'm him himothy him John's him Neutron
him haa him Kimmel him Turner I I'm I'm
him him so what happened when you ate
him oh it was pretty graphic I mean I
snapped his Little Neck with my teeth
there was blood everywhere it it was
brutal but hey I'm him well do you think
you can help us become humans again well
I think so now that I can walk around
and stuff so what's your solution uh
well have you tried eating a human we
tried eating a homeless man but it was
really sad he kept screaming ow I ripped
his ear off you should have let me do it
I'm capable of some pretty terrible
things apparently I don't know what to
do Cody this is all your fault you're
the one that made all this happen well
I'm sorry Junior I'm only human Cody
you're human again I am oh my God I am
well how'd that happen well I guess when
I said I'm only human I actually became
human wait so all we have to do is say
that saying and we'll all be humans
again yeah I think we should try it all
right let's all say it together I'm only
human we're all humans dude we're all
humans again Destroy All Humans that was
that was a cool game and Destroy All
Humans too that was awesome you play as
a little alien guy you know that was
great anybody play that you're still
wearing Stewart Little's clothes yeah
yeah and I like this shirt I think I'm
going to keep this screw Stewart Little
I wonder if I'm going to poop him out
later oh hold
on man I can't lick my balls anymore oh
wait hold on so how are we going to get
the whole world to turn back into humans
they all have to say it oh I'll just
hold the press conference on the news
and tell everybody to say I'm only human
and that'll turn everybody back that's a
good idea before you do that there's
something I got to do okay Junior what
are you doing get off I'm eating
broccoli chill chill kill me wa that guy
still running around what the hell is
going on
[Music]