dad I'm going to Snee what do I do oh
baby grab my tissue okay here you go
here go Jeffy Jeffy why would you s in
my face God damn it sorry Daddy I didn't
know when you sneeze you grab a tissue
from the tissue box okay Daddy I'm going
to sneeze again grab a tissue grab a
tissue to me I said grab a tissue I did
you're supposed to sneeze into it you
didn't tell me that part it's common
sense you idiot well life is too hard I
didn't know they made paper for you to
sneeze into Marvin calm down are you
hungry yes would a MC rib make you feel
better of course a MC rib would make me
feel better it's MC rib SE MC ribs are
delicious well then why don't you and
Jeffy go get MC ribs W you talking about
the MC rib with the onions and the
pickles on it Jeffy how about you go get
us three MC ribs one for all of us oh no
Marvin I don't want one I think they're
disgusting still get three cuz I want
two all right Daddy I'll be right
back hello trash can home sweet
home F to go get this Mickey D boy
MC rib here I
[Music]
come hey you hit my house oh [ __ ]
jeffy's taking forever with my McRib
Marvin you're just hungry hey there the
cops Jeffy what did you do daddy you
know I [ __ ] up all the time what did you
do officer what did he do well he
crashed his car in a someone's house you
crashed a car into a house JY well I
didn't see the house how do you not see
a house because it was behind you're
supposed to use your rearview Mir how
much damage to the house it's got a
pretty big dent in it oh my God how much
damage to his car oh it's fine I didn't
see a scratch on it okay whose house did
he hit this homeless guys wait a
homeless guy a homeless guy doesn't have
a house well it's really more of a trash
can actually it's your trash can the
homeless guy was living in your trash
can wait wait wait wait wait wait so
Jeffy hit my trash can that had a
homeless guy in it yeah okay then tell
the homeless guy to get out of my trash
can well see the problem is here in
Florida we have squatters rights so if a
person's been living in a place long
enough it technically becomes their home
and the homeless guy says he's been
living in your trash can for the last 6
months he showed me mail with his name
on it no no no you got to be kidding me
that does not count he cannot live in my
trash can tell him to get out well I
can't do that it's the law if you want
him out you got to give him 6 months
eviction notice I have to give him 6
months eviction notice no no it's my
trash can I own it you can't live in my
trash can you're going to have to take
him to court he has to have time to get
his stuff out of there and find a new
trash can I'm not taking a homeless guy
over to court over a trash okay how
about this how about this how about I
don't care anymore just tell him he can
keep the trash can he can live in it but
I don't want him living on my property
I'll just buy a new trash can well
technically the trash can's not on your
property anymore cuz it's in your
neighbor's yard but he did say he wanted
to bring the trash can back to your
driveway cuz you have good trash no he
is not allowed on my property he can
keep the trash can I'll buy a new one
but tell him he's not allowed to put
that trash can on my property okay how
about this I'll check the land survey to
see if his trash can is on the property
line yeah yeah make sure it's not on my
property hey there I'm back and I have
some interesting news what's going on so
you see how your property's all in red
right here yeah that means it's not part
of the United States what are you
talking about well you see back when the
Louisiana Purchase happened France owned
Louisiana and a bunch of other states
but they also owned this little part of
Florida right here so they sold all the
rest of that to America but they forgot
about this part so America doesn't own
it and France doesn't want it back I
called and they said no so technically
your property is its own country you're
telling me my house is its own country
yeah that's exactly what I'm telling you
so you're going to have to figure out
who your president's going to be if you
decide to do that and you're going to
have to figure out a name for your
country and what your flag's going to be
but hey look the good thing is that
homeless guy can't stay here cuz he
doesn't have a passport unless you want
to give him a citizenship or Asylum or
something no I don't want him here okay
but I can't get rid of him cuz this is
outside my jurisdiction so you're going
to have to start your own police force
and Military and all that well no I want
to be a part of Florida tell tell
America we want to be a part of them I'm
sorry it doesn't work that way so if you
come in and out of your country we're
going to have to set up a customs
checkpoint at the end of your driveway
so anything you bring in and out has to
go through there oh yeah and we're also
going to have the Coast Guard patrolling
in your Lake back here so you don't try
to swim to America well no we want to be
Americans we we are Americans you know
we're Americans sorry you're your own
country so uh I'm just going to let you
guys figure out how your country is
going to work cuz I know this is a lot
there's no way this is happening there's
no way wo Marvin since we have our own
country now we should be a monarchy like
with a king and a queen dib on King dibs
on Queen no there's not going to be a
king or a queen cuz if there was a king
it would be me no I already called dibs
on King respect the dibs Marvin it's the
law yeah the diar we're not going to
have a diar because we're not going to
have our own country we're going to go
join America and this whole thing's
going to end oh Danny can I draw the
country's flag we don't need a flag all
right I'm going to go get on it come on
Marvin it'll be so fun running our own
country and making up our own laws but
baby we have to go through customs just
to go to the grocery store we never
leave the house anyway Marvin all we do
is watch TV please can we be our own
country please okay we'll be our own
country for one day yay I'm going to put
on my queen outfit what queen outfit all
right Dad your our flag PE PE suck land
we're not calling our country PP suck
land PP suck world it's not an amusement
park Jeffy PP suck Studios Marvin I have
now dressed in my Queen's garments take
that off I will not I am not a harlot I
said that if anyone was going to be the
king it was going to be me but Marvin
Jeffy called dibs T well you know what I
think we should vote who votes me king
who votes Jeffy King me me me me me no
I'm the king Jeffy won the vote he is
now president King Jeffy of pp suck land
well King I think we should sell
ourselves back to America so we can have
rights no PE suck land will be one of
the most powerful forces in all the
world no we're not because America has
nukes we don't have nukes well we will
build the nukes good thinking King we're
not going to build a nuke Lieutenant guy
get in here yes sir what's this I'm
hearing about a country inside of
America oh yeah sir that's a peee suland
are they dangerous oh no sir I don't
think so they have a hamster and a
goldfish on their flag and their country
is named after a fun activity okay sir
sir sir our satellites picked up PP suck
land discussing building a nuke a nuke
God damn it guy you you told me they
weren't dangerous well sir I've been to
Pepe suland and I don't think they have
the resources to build a nuke but the
fact that they're even thinking about it
means they're pled on going to war we
got to bomb the hell out of them we got
to turn their country into a Walmart
parking lot but sir I don't think it's a
good idea to go to war with such a small
country right now it doesn't matter we
need to find a reason to invade them
well we can see if they have oil oh yeah
it's a good idea let's do that again you
go over there and see if they have oil
or if they're willing to surrender their
country to us okay build the nuclear
weapon peasant I'm working on it all we
have is Legos will it explode yes if you
throw it at the wall it'll explode into
a million pieces good father I am hungry
and quite parched travel to America and
get me a MC rib and a large Sprite I
can't go to America I don't have a
passport we must hunt our own land for
food Go Fish in the lake peasant I can't
fish in the lake cuz the Coast Guard
will blow my head off a well our
children will grow hungry ooh we could
Uber eat something they won't deliver to
our country well I must Bang my own
mother like
edus let me see who's at the door hello
hey there PP suland it's me Brooklyn guy
with the United States military you were
just here as a cop yeah well I'm with
the Army now because the United States
would like to know if your country has
oil uh do we have any oil I think
there's cooking oil in the kitchen and
I'm sure there's oil in the engine of my
car okay so you do have oil I think so
okay give me what do you mean give me I
mean give me your oil well I paid for it
it's mine no it belongs to us now
actually as a matter of fact we want
your whole country I'll give you the
country I don't want to be a part of
this stupid country I want to be the
United States oh that's great but I do
need to talk to your king first speak to
the king no you can speak to me I own
the house no sorry I know you guys are a
monarchy so I got to talk to your king
Jeffy get in here who King Jeffy what do
you want peasant hello your highness
your hin right well the United States
government would like your entire
country and all of its resources no we
Jeff give it to them well you do realize
there's a bunch of Tanks pointed at your
house right PP suck land will not be
intimidated so if you want war we accept
give me your thumb oh no it's not like a
thumb war I I mean like a real war with
guns and bombs well we accept that too
no we don't okay you asked for it no we
don't accept Jeff Queen prepare the
troops for war we have no troops s Jeffy
we're not going to war with America well
they're picking on us daddyy and I got
to show him that I have big grapefruit
gorilla size testicles you don't Jeffy
yes I do oh it doesn't matter how big
your balls are Jeffy they can wipe out
our entire country by pressing one
button they're not going to press it
because I have big gorilla testicles
okay sir I just knocked on peepe
suckling's door and it turns out they do
have o but they are not willing to be
part of America well you know what that
means guy find something to blame them
for then bomb the hell out of them all
right Susan scramble the f16s sir yes
sir and you tell them to make sure they
empty all their goddamn bombs in that
little piece of [ __ ] country yes sir
hurry up with that nuke Daddy because
did they attack us I want to retaliate
I'm trying to figure out where this
piece goes what was that sounds like
f-16s we're about to get Reed what is
reamed mean railed and
creamed me going get down take this
America no D the nuke didn't work put
your head down toy per it make it stop I
can't I think it's over but but we lost
power um daddy I don't want to be king
anymore I'm going to my room I'm
grounding myself Jeffy you can't start
[ __ ] with America then make me deal with
it Marvin I want to be America again me
too but I'm afraid to go outside I don't
want to get shot okay sir we bombed him
to Kingdom come but we kind of missed
the house everything around the house is
to Grand camp and they have no power but
they're still in the house and I think
they're afraid to come out well let's
give them something to be afraid of send
Seal Team 6 in there to capture them and
drag their asses out of there Susan SEAL
Team Six do we get to crash the
helicopter on the front lawn again this
time of course you do America [ __ ] yeah
get it
done all right boys we're going to get
in there and take them out you see a gun
you blow the damn head off now let's
move let's move let's
move this room's clear let's move let's
move more mvin what's that sound I don't
know oh my God mvin what's on your face
what is it get on the ground ow got one
I got the other s we got them did you
blow their heads off not this time we're
bringing them in here they are we got
them sir H how you like getting bombed
by America you [ __ ] you didn't even
have to bomb us I already gave up oh
yeah sir you're giving up now that you
had a good oldfashioned American ass
woman listen I don't want to fight you
can have the country what we need you to
do is sign a piece of paper that says
that you surrendered and we can have all
your stuff okay I'll sign it no Marvin
we should get something out of giving up
our whole country listen I'll give him
the whole thing all I want is that MC RB
right there nuh-uh man you better stop
looking at my MCB that's my dinner gu
give him the goddamn McRib but sir it's
my dinner he's trading us a country for
a MCB you better give it to him you can
have my MC rib oh my
[Music]
God
o