hey Daddy want a piece of candy no I'll
have one Jeffy here you go Mommy it's
really good I've already eaten 50 pieces
it's super chewing wait you swallowed
this yes I just said I ate 50 pieces
Jeffy you're not supposed to swallow gum
yeah what am I supposed to do with it
you chew it and spit it out what's the
point in that well because it tastes
good exactly why I swoled it listen
Jeffy you're just supposed to chew it
and spit it out that's it have I been
eating food wrong my whole life I'm just
supposed to chew it up and then spit it
out no you can swallow food just not gum
oh so I can chew and swallow food but I
have to spit out candy no you can
swallow candy just not gum life's rules
are too hard Jeffy you chew gum for the
flavor yes like toothpaste it tastes
really good but you're not supposed to
swallow it well I eat a tube of
toothpaste every single day is that one
without a toothpaste Jeffy you're not
supposed to swallow toothpaste well then
make me a list of all the things I'm not
supposed to swallow okay that's a very
long list let's make a list of things
you can swallow only food and that's it
wait a minute it's just for fat
people so they can chew and get the
sensation of eating food and then they
don't have to swallow it until they
don't gain weight yes Jeffy it's for fat
people that's what gum is for fat people
well that's all you have to say okay but
maybe he still swallowed 50 pieces of
gum Marvin should we
call it no let's just make sure he can
poop hey Jeffy go to the bathroom and
poop why don't we not go to your
bathroom when I have a perfectly good
short checking [ __ ] and because you're
not supposed to poop in your shorts if
you're gonna do that go to your room
well if you see me in my room I'm gonna
[ __ ] in my bed Jeffy We just cleaned
those sheets and smear it all over the
walls no Jeffy just don't stay here then
all right that's what I'm doing Marvin
are you sure he's gonna be okay let's
just make sure he can have a bowel
movement so that his you know they're
not obstructed or anything okay Marvin
we haven't heard from Jeffy in days do
you think okay baby he's a kid he's fine
he's probably his friend's house making
a fort talk and playing a tick night
too big okay I haven't been able to poop
in days I'm constipated as [ __ ] baby the
gum it's probably clogging its colon
what do we do we have to call a doctor
tell him I look like a truck driver
looking for a lot lizard oh okay
anything somebody call a doctor yes
doctor my son's fat from eating gum oh
no did he eat that Willy Wonka gum that
makes it get all fat and turn blue but
it couldn't be that because he's not
blue and also Willy Wonka's not real
that was just a movie you know what I'll
let you talk he kept chewing and
swallowing gum I'm not supposed to
swallow it we told him that but he'd
already swallowed 50 pieces 50 pieces
Jesus his intestines must be pink I mean
Pinker than normal because of the gum
because gum is pink I'll stop listen he
looks constipated of course he's
constipated he looks like he's about to
pop he's literally full of [ __ ] we're
gonna have to fish that gum out of his
ass like a dog okay well how much gum do
you think's in his ass I don't know I
just have to take a look with my Doc
McStuffins autoscope out of my way
oh I'm sorry I thought you were going
the other way all right let's take a
look at that butt spread them all right
all right let's see what we got going on
okay don't do that my face is right
there sorry
let me just take a look
I'm gonna get pink eye okay I am
literally human centiped in your [ __ ]
with my eye okay my eye is right there
stop stop down boy stop it Marvin tell
them to stop Jeffy stop farting I'm
sorry I can't help you I'm backed up
just try to hold it at least
stop okay okay okay I can see the gum
okay it's all up in there you got a tool
in your ass stop it Jeffy stop it stop
okay okay no no Jeffy I I need you to
fart as hard as you can when I say go
okay I'm gonna move my face out of the
way okay now go
bubble he's blowing a bubble with his
ass
his ass okay well pop it no there's
enough methane in there to kill a
hundred men okay so what are you gonna
do with it I'm just gonna take this I'm
Gonna Take It Outside and release it
come with me oh okay
so why'd you want me to come out here
with you check out this noise I can make
isn't that so annoying it's like a
balloon it's really annoying yeah it's
annoying stop hey Marvin five bucks you
let me release this fart in your face oh
no oh come on well man this is man stuff
hey he farted in my face way more than
that come on
five bucks yeah five bucks okay
doesn't that stink oh my God I'm so sick
I've never seen anyone throw up that
much where's my five bucks oh all I
actually have is this two dollar bill
you said you had a five yeah but I saw
it upside down and see it looks kind of
like a five still backwards though here
where's like three dollars really how
bad you have it you bitching over three
dollars Marvin look
look come on Marvin let's release it
outside I don't want to release it
outside I dropped it oh my God Marvin it
floats how's it doing that I guess the
methane is so toxic that it makes it
float oh that's crazy yeah oh my God
Marvin we could be billionaires I have
an idea see Marvin there's a helium
shortage eventually all the helium's
gonna run out and there won't be enough
for balloons for parties but we could
start a business where we made balloons
out of jeffy's ass that would be an
amazing idea we would be billionaires
Marvin no
exploit Jeffy oh shut up you're a woman
what do you know about business
look I'll put this in terms you can
understand okay white bread cheese ham
mayonnaise no crusts go no
look up for me oh
make mine wheat bread
okay so what are we gonna do now okay
I'm gonna go out and get a business
license and print business cards you
know that say jeffy's ass balloons
Incorporated so it's so that people know
how to find us you just keep feeding
Jeffy gum okay okay all right Jeff are
you hungry yeah all right let me get
some gum okay I did a lot hey Marvin hey
where have you been it's been hours I've
been tying strings to these bubbles so
they don't fly away where have I been
I've been in business meetings making
things happen cashing checks cashing
checks yeah everybody wants a piece of
jeffy's ass balloons Incorporated you
actually made a business card yeah I
said I would have also people supposed
to find us well do we even have any
orders do we even have any orders Marvin
we already have 2 000 orders due
tomorrow 2 000 orders yeah we get
weddings birthday parties gay pride
parades gay birthday parties gay
weddings why are people choosing us
because of the helium shortage nobody
else can keep up and they can't beat our
prices gum is cheaper than balloons I
guess that makes sense hold on I'm
getting a call who is this oh no it's
Carl I meant to call him back and I
forgot hey Carl how's it going buddy
yeah yeah we're working on that right
now no Carl Carl listen to me Carl no
there's no way we're going to be able to
fulfill that order by the end of next
week buddy now I know I know they're
trying to take your house yeah and they
want to put you in a nursing home I know
what what there's a talking dog and a
Boy Scout maybe you belong in a home
Carl sorry about that that was Carl from
Disney Pixar's Up he needs a million
balloons so he can float his house away
to a waterfall of some [ __ ] honestly
there's no way we're going to be able to
fulfill that but he put down a deposit
so that's how we're able to afford the
Super Bowl commercial Super Bowl
commercial oh yeah we got a Super Bowl
commercial I forgot to tell you oh yeah
and I also booked Jeffy for the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade we need him to
blow up SpongeBob with his ass and or
the Explorer and Stewie from Family Guy
wait I'm getting a text what's this oh
and also blue from Blue's Clues so make
sure he keeps eating out of that Feed
Bag hey dang I got another one
flip it Flip It Marvin flip it hold on I
got it I got it this one's hot off the
whole Marvin here tell you this okay wow
Marvin you just wasted good product I
didn't have a good grip yeah well you
need to get a grip this is money we're
talking about oh my God it smells so bad
in here that's the smell of Money Marvin
gotta get used to it who's that that's
one of our customers here give me these
okay hello hi I'm here for my balloon
order here you go ma'am oh my God thank
you so much for getting this to me on
such short notice for for my 18th
birthday oh happy birthday oh thank you
that'll be 500 oh my God I don't have
any money is there another way I can pay
you
is your birthday today yeah I think we
can work something out well Marvin
another satisfied customer well I was
satisfied oh great where's the money um
I kind of gave her those ass balloons
for free well not for free we did work
something out you can't be giving away
for free look doing stuff like this is
gonna give us good mouth I mean word of
mouth I mean she used her mouth okay
look it'll help our reputation okay but
to be honest it was pretty mid I should
have just charged her yeah the post not
Clarity is really starting to kick in
well while you were down there we got
two more done two more we're gonna need
a lot more than that get to farting
Jeffy he's farting as fast as he can no
no when my face was down there he was
going nuts also what's with the only
pink well that's the only color we have
bubble gum Hold On Marvin I need you to
feed him these gumballs okay we need to
diversify our colors we need blue boys
have birthdays too and also you're going
to want to get started on the yellow
because we need to get a head start for
SpongeBob all right Jeffy you need to
eat these colored ones they eat the blue
one yeah here take this blue one
oh that's good that's good that's good
this is a good one see Marvin that's
what I'm talking about colors now we're
gonna start raking in the real cash okay
my butthole hurts hurt let me just keep
eating the gum you can take a break in
an hour breaks no no we don't have time
for breaks okay we got a bar mitzvah
coming up in an hour and the mom is hot
as holy hell I hope she can't pay hold
on I'm getting a call hello jeffy's ass
balloons Incorporated you got the cash
her ass and we got the gas hi my son
sucked the helium from one of your
balloons and now he's not moving oh uh
Well ma'am we at jeffy's ass balloons
Incorporated do not recommend you suck
the gas out because that's not helium
that's methane so your son's probably
dead bye uh yeah Marvin we got a problem
kids are sucking the gas out of the
balloons in the dying but dying yeah but
it's okay it's not our problem I'll just
start printing warning labels so no it
sounds like it's our problem
who's that yeah it's probably just
another customer I'll get it hello
who the hell is Mr Fredrickson oh [ __ ]
Carl what I already told Carl that I
won't be able to give him the balloons
for at least another month he's not
happy
refund no no we don't do refunds hold on
hold on uh give him this tell him it'll
at least lift his house a few inches
maybe a door or two okay
who was at the door it was one of Carl's
goons he wants his balloons and he's
pissed well how many more balloons do we
owe him we owe him 999 000 more how are
we gonna do that I don't know but we
better do it or else he's going to want
a refund and we won't be able to
Bowl commercial we did not need a Super
Bowl commercial yeah well I'm starting
to agree with that but I already spent
the money on this suit and these Armani
glasses that are taped to my head
because they didn't fit so you better
start farting Jeffy one day I can't do
it anymore I'm so tired tired no no you
better put that butthole into overdrive
mister I'm gonna hop on you like Hop On
Pop get you to fart come on fart fart
boy
come on speak to me boy
no no no no Marvin Marvin the machine is
broken he's tapped out we gotta start
eating gum come on well no I'm not gonna
eat gum it's dangerous we have to who's
that oh no God I hope that's not Carl
hello hey there
that's us great right you're being sued
for the death of Carl Fredrickson a kid
named Russell a dog named Doug and a
snipe named Kevin what the [ __ ] are you
talking about well Carl Fredrickson
purchased balloons from jeffy's ass
balloons Incorporated he then took those
balloons inside his house which he then
lit a match and it caused the balloons
to ignite exploding his house so now
Disney and Pixar is making a movie
called down oh well well on the card it
shows him farting into the balloons so
the methane is implied they really
should have known better yes but there's
no warning on the back only your phone
number written in invisible ink yes the
only pen I had I buy my pens from
National Treasure Nicolas Cage well
that's great because I have a court
order here
it down and it was printed with
invisible ink so get your lemon juice
and your hair dry and figure that [ __ ]
out well how much are we being sued for
everything okay well Marvin it's over
what do you mean we're getting sued how
well read it it's blank oh yeah it's
written in invisible ink basically we're
getting sued because people were dying
using our balloons I told you that was
gonna be our problem yeah you did well
we still had a good run I almost
fulfilled my dream of having the world's
most successful ass-based balloon
business and I got sucked off so many
times what nothing but we're gonna have
to file for bankruptcy but that's okay
they can't sue us personally that's why
I made a business you know you know just
gonna shut that [ __ ] down that'll be
fine we're protected you know what I I
actually am going to take some balloons
with me for the road because you know
people forgot my birthday this week
[Music]
thank you
[Music]