put your left hand in you take your left
hand now you put your left hand back in
then you take your right back out
you do the Jeffrey Pope can you put your
left hand back in that's why it's all
about come on down put your left hand
then you take the left hand out you put
your left hand back in then you take
your right back out you're doing your
Jeffrey Pokey and you put to the ten
back in next one it's on come on Chuck I
don't know Stephanie it's so annoying
you're not even singing it you're just
doing the left hand over and over and
over it you know no more piano what
can't we go in your car fine we can go
to the park as long as you don't play
with your stupid cat Peter but only for
30 minutes okay
Danny that's show in word what yeah
we're about to go outward to depart okay
well let me go pee first
no game we got to go right now I gotta
use the bathroom
go get your weight okay pilot let's go
I'll just put the punch PB alright Jeff
you're gonna be at the park for 30
minutes okay
daddy I'm gonna ride the F out of this
donkey Chevy that's a duck all right
Debbie well I really have to go pee so
I'm gonna find the bush you're playing
with it all right 30 minutes yeah I've
been counting we leave right now I'll
buy you Legos - yes how about 4 bucks
yes let's go any time were to show four
- okay come on let's go oh my god what
do i do what do I do what I do what I do
well first of all you go give me my leg
oh oh hold on Jeffy daddy will get your
Legos just let me see if I'm in trouble
first
oh it must be the Lego guy bringing me
my Legos oh please we'll be the cops
hello we know man that's the window man
excuse me sir you're the Wiener man but
no I'm not the Wiener man really cuz
this kid says you whipped your hog out
at a public park my god yeah you know
your pelvic port pumpkin what no come on
man yo yo wit hose yogurt hose yeah you
know your Wang dang doodle you've been a
sausage what happened I was at the park
with my son and I had to pee so I peed
in a bush with the kid in it well I
didn't know there was a kid okay I
thought I could just pee and I ran the
bush in the park yeah well so I supposed
to pee I don't know in the bathroom like
a normal person well animals pee in
bushes yeah and that's what you are in
animal and you should be locked up like
an animal oh come on I just peed in a
bush I should be in trouble for that
well that's illegal and now you got to
register as there's nothing you Oh what
come on man you know I can't say that oh
I don't like the register I didn't do
anything wrong look I'm sorry that I
didn't see the kid when I was you know
doing my thing in the bush yeah well
that's too bad because that's illegal
and now you got to be under arrest
I do yeah you do so turn around oh look
you it works up meld why are you trying
to pee on me now that might work what
just do it come on
breaking news okay Mario the face of
Nintendo has been caught with his pants
down whizzing on a bush that had a boy
named Patrick in it Nintendo has yet to
respond but Mario now has to register as
a schmee laughing yo what has this world
come to all right you're out on bail but
you're not allowed within a hundred feet
of a park or a Chucky Cheese this is
ridiculous you want to know what's
ridiculous I still haven't gotten my
Legos yet
you're right Jeffy I'm sorry hey officer
can I take my son Jeff you to the toy
store so I can buy him some Legos
absolutely not you know what they have
at a toy store what kids and you know
what you like to do when you're around
kids what take a leak I don't like that
take a leak when I'm around give look up
and watch on the letter Park hold it oh
yeah what happens when you can't hold it
at the toy store you're gonna start
peeing on toys no it's called Tickle Me
Elmo not tinkle on Me Elmo I know that
you look here take my credit card and
just buy Jeffy Legos he he wants four
boxes full boxes day what did he do to
get full boxes I want to do it all I had
to do is come home
Wow you know what I get for coming home
what I get burned dinner and saggy
who-who's well I'm sorry about that
yeah me too I'll be back with your Legos
now all right I got the four LEGO sets
all right Jeffy there's your Legos well
I actually get five because I wanted one
for me it's a big Space Station one of
the bricks even lights up and everything
it's so cool I didn't say you could get
Legos but he got four
I don't got four but he earned his you
did earn yours I'm just doing my job if
it will legal I'd be peeing on
everything I pee all over your house all
right we're gonna take that back okay
fine what we're gonna do that after you
go door-to-door telling everyone you're
a smell offender I have to do that yes
it's required by law you have to go
door-to-door telling everyone how much
of a freak you are so they don't go
trick-or-treating here cuz you might pee
on them I really have to do that yeah so
come on Oh
all right Mario we're at your first
house so what do I have to do again you
just walk up there knock on the door and
then tell the person that you're a
registered snotting in it and I have to
do this
yes it's required by law okay first
though you're gonna go up and ring the
doorbell and then you're gonna run away
giggling like a little girl you'll be
the dingdong ditches house yes because
it'll be fun
okay oh are you sure about this you know
he's so funny
okay no no that was read already now
well now you actually do have to go up
there and tell him you're registered
smitten I still have to do that yeah so
let's go all right let's do this
so nervous okay yeah believe me you
don't want any of this guy's lemonade go
ahead Mario tell me how weird you are
well sir
my name is Mike my name is Vito my nick
are you gonna keep doing that yeah my
name is Mario and I'm required by law to
tell you that I'm a registered think you
know somebody right I'm so sorry sir to
tell you that but I have to tell you
that I I peed in a bush at a park there
was a kid in the bush you deserve that
all right next house
all right next house please don't keep
making me do this you have to it's the
law
what hello my name is mark hello my name
is Mario and I'm your neighbor
and I'm a registered Smith hmm oh cool
me too would you pee on what I peed on a
school bus no you guys should be friends
and pee on stuff together oh no no no
thank you it was nice to meet you sir oh
wait come back we can cross strains or
sword fight or something I've ever had
to do
God how could this day get any worse hey
I'm here to make your day words listen
good man what are you doing here well
Mario I came to tell you that your
contract with Nintendo has been
terminated
what terminated why because Nintendo
doesn't want their mascot to be
associated with peeing on things I made
a bush in a park what guy really what
type thing so you couldn't hold it or
well I've been holding all day to go
well Mario I tried to fight for your
case I told him that the reason why
you're running so fast through all the
levels in your video game because you
were looking for a bathroom but they
didn't buy it I can't believe I'm gonna
lose my job over this
yep and uh gonna have to give me your
hat well it's property of Nintendo so
we're taking your hat what I'm the new
face of Nintendo now it's gonna be super
Goodman brothers so have a good day
I can't believe my life I really wish I
could be someone else I want to be
anybody else but me I wish I could just
get out of his body get the new one I
don't want to be me anymore I might have
a solution but I got to put my doctor
outfit on to explain it hold on Oh what
alright now that I get my doctor outfit
on I can explain that's really cool
Jeffy oh yeah that reminds me you're not
gonna be able to keep Jeffy well I keep
Jeffy why well you're not allowed around
kids so obviously you can't have a kid
so he's got to go into a foster home you
can't do this to me well I could always
give you plastic surgery plastic surgery
what would that do well I could change
your face to make you look like someone
else
no one would ever know that would really
work yeah and you would do that for me
sure if you let me keep this really cool
Lego set but I want to return that well
that's the deal I give you plastic
surgery and give you a new face and I
get to keep this Lego set
okay fine go let's do this yes yes yes
all right all right lay on your back I'm
gonna start cutting face all right
the plastic surgery's done rise lord
Vader
[Music]
where's Patman I'm afraid in your anger
you killed
Jeffie I am your father
oh that was fun let's get that mask off
all right Mario let's see what you look
like with that mask off mask off f it
mask off oh oh man how do I look
TIFF yeah sure do yep what do I look
good I mean I wouldn't say that well do
I look worse than I did before
well no no actually okay so better right
yeah sure I mean can you tell it to me
oh no no I mean you don't look like you
at all
oh wait good so I get to keep jumpy
right huh yeah sure I'll just go ahead
and lie to myself and say I didn't just
give you plastic surgery so I'm not a
registered that thing no no no that's
fine
not any more yes okay no more peanut
bushes so now I can just live a normal
life right right and I can go home and
play with my giant Lego spaceship with
the light-up brick so I'll see ya all
right all right Jeffy how do you think I
look hold on daddy there are 120 guy who
peed in the bushes in surgery D D D Y D
a D dy e a D dy and daddy was his name-o
[Music]
stopping
[Applause]
[Music]