[Music]
oh look at the Kiki hey Junior oh hey
Cody who is that oh it's my cat oh
what's his name oh it's blue eyes white
Kiki you know like blue eyes white
dragon from Yu-Gi-Oh but this one's a
Kiki oh that's pretty cool hey look at
my coin collection oh wow yeah yeah
check this out I got all these pennies
oh but this one's my favorite one see
that's a 1943 steel penny now I know
what you're thinking Cody aren't pennies
made a copper well Junior normally you'd
be right but you see in 1943 that's when
World War II was happening and they
needed the copper for war materials so
they stopped producing copper pennies
and made them out of steel instead so if
you get a copper penny from 1943 it's
really valuable cuz that means it was
Meed by mistake but this one this one's
made of steel so it's not that valuable
but it's a piece of History so to me
it's priceless oh that's really cool
Cody hold on I'll show you another one
oh there a lot of fur on my couch let
going get my lint roller let me see I me
find a good one oh yeah this one's
really cool oh you're going to love this
okay check this one out Junior it's from
1919 wait Junior what happened to my
penny I don't know it's right here I
don't know what happened to it well it's
gone now when did you take it I did not
take it Cody you were I was lint rolling
the couch and you were looking at your
pennies I didn't take it well I didn't
just get up and walk away Junior pennies
don't have legs I don't know what
happened to it Cody I didn't touch it
well you just made it disappear like
your David Copperfield or more like
David Penny Field or David David steel
field because because it's made of steel
and not copper like like pennies
normally are and you made it disappear
and David Copperfield makes things
disappear because he's he's a magician I
didn't touch your stupid Penny Cody I
don't care about your dumb pennies or
your penny collection no Junior I'm so
mad but I got to go say something real
quick the internet browser you're using
sucks want to know why because it
doesn't have custom SML mods it's time
to fix that with Opera GX once you
download Opera GX it's super easy to
jump into the GX store and find the SML
mod just click install and let us take
over your browser's wallpaper sound
effect and more so guys it even lets you
play jeffy's cat piano when you
type they also added our theme song as
background music
you can even customize our theme just
the way you like it by turning parts of
the mod on and off directly from the
menu if you ever want to try out more of
the oper GX mods there are tons to
choose from in the GX store and
switching between them is super easy
oper GX has other awesome features too
like making your work with AI as easy as
possible by building it right into the
sidebar with Arya chat GPT and chat
Sonic you can use these to help with
your homework write essays or even
generate images moving over to oper GX
is simple with their quick import tool
that lets you bring all your bookmarks
and settings from your old browser with
just a few clicks show your love for our
Channel by using the link in the
description to download Opera GX today
thank you to Opera GX for sponsoring
this video H Junior H that ad read
temporarily distracted me but now that
I'm back and I'm seeing you I am so mad
I can't believe you would steal my steel
penny like that I did not steal your
steel penny Cody oh yeah well then who
did it's just me and you here junior I
don't see anybody else unless it was
your stupid cat actually I shouldn't
call him stupid he seemed very nice and
he was very fluffy so I shouldn't say
that but I but he didn't take my penny
cuz he's a cat he doesn't know about
money he doesn't care he doesn't know
the difference between steel and copper
he doesn't know about World War II he
doesn't know history junior he doesn't
car he's a cat he did not steal your
penny Cody no one stole it it's just
lost oh yeah well it was a steel penny
so that's why I think you wanted to
steal my steel penny I did not want to
steal your steel penny Cody no one cares
about your stupid Penny only you care
about pennies oh Junior this really
salts my apples oh boy oh you are a you
are a big jerk just a big jerk face you
don't mean that I do I mean every word
of it Junior you're the biggest jerk
I've ever seen take it nope you are a
bad guy you are not a good person oh you
are you are rooting for a booting you
are clamoring for a hammer hammering Mis
you are yearning for a burning oh you
make me so mad if I was at a grocery
store I would I would kick a shopping
cart I would I would kick a shopping
cart but not not somebody else's
shopping cart I wouldn't want to damage
anybody else's produce no it would be my
shopping cart and probably not in the
parking lot because I I wouldn't want it
to roll away and hit somebody's car and
cause property damage that would that'd
be bad I I don't want that but but no I
I would kick it just so it made the
sound you know but but not too hard
though because I I don't want to damage
the shopping cart because then the store
would hold me responsible and I don't
want to have to pay for that I just kick
it right into the shopping cart return
but but probably probably I wouldn't do
that either cuz then it might roll away
and then the shopping cart boy would
have to chase after it and he doesn't
get paid enough for that kind of an
inconvenience so I I wouldn't kick a
shopping cart at all but I am so mad
Junior you are munching for a punching
hey Junior are you ready to go to the
movies oh wow so you're going to spend
my stolen Penny on a movie ticket Cody a
movie ticket cost more than a penny
Junior I'll have you know that steel
penny was worth 13 to3 cents depending
on the condition and it wasn't in very
good condition so it's probably more
like 13 cents and why is there another
cat in here junior are you spending my
Penny on cats you need more cats wait
Cody you had a steel penny I had a steel
penny until somebody decided to get
sticky fingers Junior you stole Cody's
steel penny I did not steal his stupid
Penny I don't know what happened to it
oh he stole it Penelope because it was
right there I'm talking right there I
mean literally right there and I look
down for for one second and then I look
back up and poof it's gone just like
poof I did not take a stupid Penny
Penelope he doesn't know what he's
talking about he just lost his own Penny
and he wants to blame someone for it
Junior it's not funny give it back to
him I did not take a stupid Penny let's
just go to the dumb movies what movie
you guys in Kung Fu Panda 4 oh wow okay
Kung Fu pan that sounds really fun well
why don't you just come with us no no I
don't have enough money because I'm 13
to 30 cents short because somebody stuck
my penny Cody I'll get your ticket well
thank you thank you very much pel PC
junor that's what real friend looks like
I would not steal your stupid Penny cuz
I don't care about your dumb Penny how
about you guys just go to the movies cuz
I haven't even seen the first three Kung
Fu Pand oh wow okay now you know he's a
thief he hasn't even seen the first
three well I don't like karate movies
well it's not karate Junior it's Kung Fu
it's a completely different martial art
and everybody loves Kung Fu Fighting
okay well listen look I'll just go see
the fourth one I don't have to see the
first three you can't start with the
fourth one you got to see the first
three the Star Wars movies are out of
order true you start with the fourth one
with the Star Wars but it it's not like
that with Kung Fu Panda listen it
doesn't matter let's go see the stupid
dumb movie well I'm coming too you're
not getting out of this that easy sorry
excuse me sorry sorry hey Junior I can't
help but notice you bought the large
popcorn that'll run you about
$12.50 that's a lot of money to spend on
popcorn it's almost like you came into a
lot of money lately Cody you said your
stupid Penny was worth 30 this popcorn
was $12.50 how would I buy popcorn with
your penny I don't know Junior I don't
know how many steel pennies you've been
stealing from around town since you're
so good at making them disappear sh the
movie
starting sco I'm Jack Black is a panda
hi so his dad's a bird sh oh I really
would love to see all this Kung Fu
happening on the screen but I just can't
take my eyes off of Junior cuz I can't
trust him for a second Kung Fu how about
panda Fu hey Junior I got some gummy
bears try not to take any oh but you
won't want them cuz they're not made of
steel because if they made them out of
steel that would be a choking hazard and
they might get sued so they probably
wouldn't do that shh guys I'm trying to
watch the movie sorry
you better not take any of those I don't
want any of them well actually I don't
even know if I want them cuz they might
taste like whoever had here's butt
actually you know
what get this one out of the way oh I
dropped one on the ground C oh you're
embarrassing I can't believe you stole
my gummy bear too Junior I didn't steal
your stupid gummy bear fell on the floor
and I can't believe you guys got us
kicked out of the movie theater that was
so embarrassing well this could all be
resolved if Junior would just put his
hand in his pocket and pull out my steal
Penny I don't have anything in my pocket
cuz I don't have pockets okay well your
shoe then I don't have your penny in my
shoe I didn't steal your stupid Penny
Cody yeah well I already called the
police but you called the police yep
that's how serious this is they're on
their way over here right now A please
tell me it's not my dad hey Le somebody
called the cops yeah I did oh hey
Penelope hi Dad did you do your homework
yes Dad are you sure dad you know
Penelope whenever I ask the guys in
death row if they did their homework
when they were a kid they say yeah I
killed them like kill him again too I
don't really like to talk to them wow
dad that's a great story thanks well I
would like to report a robbery oh a
robbery huh did he have a gun I don't
know I never thought he would steal from
me so who knows what else he's capable
of okay well what did he steal my 1943
steel penny you see during World War II
they didn't make pennies with copper and
yeah know I I know the story about the
pennies so was it a copper penny or a
steel penny cuz if it was a copper penny
that would be worth over a million
dollars and that would be a very serious
crime no it was a steel penny oh okay
well that's not that big of a deal I
mean they're only worth a few cents I
mean anything under $500 would just be
considered petty theft oh it was petty
all right well he stole it and I want
him in handcuffs okay well let me
conduct my police interrogation hey you
steal his Penny no oh okay well is there
anybody else who could have seen this
happen well his cat well I guess we
could ask the cat okay I'll go ask him
hey Cat you steal my penny huh don't run
away from me hey did you talk to the cat
yeah but he ran away from me but that's
okay he seemed pretty innocent to me and
besides I think I already know who the
thief is I think he's in this room I
just wish you would own up to it I
didn't steal your penny Cody oh really
Junior that's very interesting you're
the first one to respond cuz I wasn't
talking to you I was just talking to the
thief so it's really interesting you're
the first one to answer well I thought
you were talking to me cuz you've been
accusing me all day of stealing it or
maybe you just felt guilty for stealing
my penny I don't feel guilty oh okay see
he feels no more so he's also a
narcissist as well as a thief Cody are
you sure it didn't fall in like the
couch cushions or something no it didn't
Junior still went well did you check the
couch cushions no and I will not do that
okay well what if you accidentally put
it back in the coin bin without
realizing it I would have remembered
doing that Cody come on check your coins
maybe it somehow got back in there and
we just didn't notice or maybe you put
it in the coin bin I I don't well maybe
even if I did you should check it okay I
guess I can't have to check nope not
that one or that one nope not that one
that one's 1997 no
1985 2004 nope nope not that one or that
one wait hold on no no no not that one
nope nope not that one either nope nope
not that one no still not seeing it well
that one's a quarter can I go now no cuz
I want to press charges you really want
this to go to court yes I want a judge
to decide okay come on
then oh order order order I am the
honorable Judge poer and today we will
be hearing the case of Cody who says
that his friend junior he is not my
friend yes thank you for clarifying let
the records show that Junior is not
Cody's friend okay Cody claims that his
not friend Junior stole his 1943 steel
Benny Cody tell us what happened well
your honor I was showing my coin
collection to someone I thought was my
friend but it turns out he was just a
coin Thief pretending to be my friend I
showed him one of my many steel pennies
and placed it right there on the couch
I'm talking right beside me like
literally right right freaking there and
then I looked down for one second and
the steel penny was gone junior took it
because he knew it was valuable and
Priceless to me h i see this is a very
serious accusation junior did you really
steal his Penny no I wouldn't steal his
dumb stupid steel penny I did not care
about it he was showing me his dumb coin
collection and I really did not care at
all and then he put it on the couch and
I don't know what happened to it it just
went missing and he wants to blame me
for it I know you took my God dang Penny
you big jerk you you big old jerk face
biggest jerk face I've ever seen order
order I will not have any name calling
or foul language in my courtroom Cody
you have not shown me any evidence that
would prove Junior guilty so I have no
choice but to find Junior not guilty yes
what are you kidding me justice has not
been served today your honor you just
let a thief loose back into the public
if your steel penny gets stolen don't
come crying to me but I know who did it
see Cody I told you I wasn't guilty yeah
well the judge wasn't there and I don't
even think he was a real judge so I want
to see his credentials you guys this
whole thing is just so stupid can we let
it go no Penelope it was a steel penny
they don't make him like that anymore
guys what is this that's a lint roller
idiot look what's on the lint roller
idiot probably L get your good glasses
on Cody look let me see that what my
penny oh when I was rolling up the fur I
must have accidentally rolled up your
penny wow I guess I can take these mad
eyes off I don't need these anymore well
don't I just feel silly yeah just a big
misunderstanding yeah aren't I just the
silliest Goose it was just a big old
accident yeah yeah it's okay Junior that
happens to everybody yeah I mean it's
just things happen you know well that's
just so silly but you know what isn't
silly Opera yes
[Music]