oh man I can't wait to play fortnite
with my friends okay let me invite
Joseph and let me invite Cody I can't
wait for them to see my juice World skin
what's up dude oh man I can't wait to
get some kills Joseph what's up bro what
is your skin black what kind of silly
ass question is that dude hey guys I'm
here oh no what's wrong Cody yeah junior
said my name junior did you mute your
mic Junior oh dude I think his ass is
lagging cheap ass internet they added
Big Hero 6 to fortnite oh yeah he's part
of the new season heck yeah dude I love
this skin it's definitely the hardest
skin they dropped in a while it's not
hard Joseph I'm not playing with you
unless you change your skin wao dude
that's racist even for you no I'm being
serious guys I'm not playing with big
hair 6 I will not do it it's the worst
movie ever but Junior he's so cool and I
spent so many v-bucks on his damn skin
I'm going to wear it I could have chose
I spice and shake my ass all over this
damn map but I chose to keep it PG and I
chose Baymax no seriously Joseph change
your skin I'm not playing with you bro
I'm not Michael Jackson I can't change
my skin at [ __ ] wheel look look look
they're not going to tell that I'm black
on the game I do need to change the
alarm cuz it's been going off for a
while but they're not going to tell
listen I'm kicking you Joseph what bro
and I'm kicking you Cody oh come on
Junior don't be such a puss all right no
more big ha six I need to breathe I need
to breathe there's no way they ruin
fortnite like that I'm just going to
play by myself as my juice World skin
I'm play by myself okay it's just me and
another player left I'm in the top two
where is he it's a Baymax die bmax die
you stupid piece of [ __ ] oh I'm going to
kill Baymax I'm going to kill Baymax I'm
going to win oh die bmax you stupid
stupid piece of [ __ ] oh no way am I
going to lose to a Baymax no I'm
not no [ __ ]
way man I can't wait to try my firehouse
casserole Junior what the hell is wrong
with you what are you doing I'm
destroying my PS5
why because I hate big hair six what the
damn movie yes the damn movie SHP it's
the worst movie ever made there's this
14-year-old boy named hero right and
he's doing underground illegal robot
fights and his older brother's like you
should go to college he's 14 Chef peee
why would he go to college he should be
in high school oh he's super smart you
know he's really smart cuz he can build
these Nanobots that can build a
skyscraper in 2 seconds he doesn't need
to go to college he literally can sell
that to a construction company and make
billions you know what hold on let me
let me make a little thing to show you
how I think the movie should have went
how Big Hero 6 should have went by
Junior hey hero you should stop doing
underground illegal robot fights and go
to college but Tadashi I don't need to
go to college I literally can build
robots already but hero if you go to
college you could probably get like a
better career and my college is having
this competition thing that if you make
the best invention you get a free
scholarship to college okay I guess I'll
try it the day of the competition thing
all right everyone I built these
microbots that can literally build
skyscrapers in 2 seconds out of nothing
they can just build big towers
congratulations you win the scholarship
to our University you know what Mr
Professor now that I think about it I
don't need to go to college I literally
just built this without College I I
built microbots out of nothing I think
I'm just going to sell this to
construction companies for billions of
dollars and retire at 14 years old hey
Tadashi didn't you build a robot balloon
guy that can scam people and x-ray
people and diagnose cancer and literally
cure people yeah you should sell that to
the pharmaceutical companies for
billions and we both retire and live on
a yacht okay and we both did that we
sold our inventions for billions maybe
even trillions of dollars and now we
live on a yacht and no one died in an
explosion and now girls with big boobies
are giving us drinks and even baymax is
getting a drink from a girl with big
boobies so what does that have to do
with your PlayStation that you just
destroyed well they put big hair six in
fortnite so don't play fortnite anymore
problem solve H you're right right Chef
Pee exactly I should go to the fortnite
headquarters and complain and tell them
I'll never play the game again that's
not what I said thanks Chef peee I'm
going to go tell him that if they don't
take big here sck out of the game I'm
never going to play again don't please
don't don't embarrass yourself yeah [ __ ]
yeah uh sir uhhuh are you working yeah
okay sir um I need your character
approvals for next season uh where did I
put those um no ah right here underneath
all of my money get that out of there
you did a good job on the by the way I
really like Rosa Parks that's a great
idea you already start out on a bus it's
perfect just make sure she jumps out the
back I love P didy that's a great idea
he's very popular right now everyone's
going to love that just make sure you do
the emo where he squirts baby oil
everywhere that's going to go crazy
Snoopy I like the idea just make sure
you fix the hit box make him a little
bit taller and give him a Woodstock
backpack people are going to like that
oh yeah same thing with Garfield just
give him a lasagna backpack in an emote
where a little speech bubble comes out
that says I hate Mondays tell you what
let's only sell him on Tuesday through
Sunday oh yeah and then um what the hell
is this uh that's Mickey Mouse sir I
know but why is it Mickey Mouse well
because Mickey Mouse would make us a lot
of money see that's the problem Susan I
already make a lot of money in fact I
make $20 billion a year on a free game
they don't have to pay money but they do
if I release Mickey Mouse the world is
going to go [ __ ] bananas because then
I got to release Minnie and go and
Donald and then I'll make so much money
I'll [ __ ] die I already released Mrs
Incredible so I got the whole world
jebin out there right now so maybe let's
let my pants dry before I blow my load
on Mickey I'll take that as a no uh sir
they want the old map back yeah well you
know what I would like a little bit of
[ __ ] challenge in my life something
to be hard for once because I have the
easiest life in the world all I do is
sit here and make money doing nothing
jack [ __ ] do you know I pissed my pants
this morning just to feel something I
actually went into a Walmart today a
[ __ ] Walmart Susan just to see what
goes on in there turns out it's a store
I actually bought one of these things
isn't that fun cost me a quarter I
haven't seen one of those since 2016 I
had to borrow one from somebody else and
I had to pay them $100 for it with a
$100 bill cuz that's literally all I
have sir can I take your lunch order
yeah um it's going to be this because
this is all I eat now this and sometimes
a tomato with a face on it CU this is
what food is to me now okay oh oh Mr
fortnite uh Mr fortnite is my father
please call me Mr Epic Games do you
seriously want me to call you that I do
Mr Epic Games someone is buzzing at the
door oh great let them in maybe they
have a storage unit I can put all of my
money in cuz God knows the banks won't
talk to me anymore because their vaults
are all filled to the ceilings with
[ __ ] cash I'm having to start Burying
my money like a pirate okay sir this
gamer has a complaint [ __ ] finally
some conflict I got to light up a cigar
for this it's a special occasion you
releasing Mickey Mouse no stop looking
at these all right what hear it what's
your complaint um I [ __ ] hate
fortnite my man I know right [ __ ] this
game [ __ ] that [ __ ] it sucks right so
come on tell me what do we do wrong you
put Big Hero 6 in the game [ __ ] Big Hero
6 Susan what is a Big Hero 6 oh uh he's
talking about Baymax Baymax like Max
keable I I know we were talking about
putting him in did we actually add him
no he's the white Balloon Man white
Balloon Man Susan did you put up in the
game I told you it doesn't make any
sense his hit box is too small no no no
no he's talking about the character
Baymax Baymax a white balloon superhero
white balloon oh yeah I think I approved
talking about this guy yeah I [ __ ]
hate that why the [ __ ] did you put that
in the game what's your problem with
this guy he sucks I hate him I hate the
movie he's based on okay so what does
that have to do with fortnite well you
put him in the game and I hate him so
every time I see him in the game I turn
the game off and I stopped playing you
you stopped playing I stopped playing
forever you you're going to stop playing
forever
yep well then he's staying in I just
said I was going to stop playing the
game yeah I know what you said that's
why he's staying in listen kid I hate
this I hate being this rich I don't know
what to do with myself I am waiting for
the day when Susan comes in and tells me
I'm losing everything nothing would make
me happier I would Cry tears of joy so
if this makes you stop playing the game
this is going to be the whole next
season [ __ ] it we'll do all the
characters make them blue I don't give a
[ __ ] I'm never going to play ever again
please I'm already hard well I mean I
loved fortnite okay now you're losing me
but but never said you ad him in the
game I hate it mhm I'm going stop tell
I'm tell my friends not to play it
anymore and I'm hard again oh thank you
no I'm going to tell my friends stop
playing tell everyone to uninstall tell
everyone to delete it please I can only
get so hard oh I'm out of here oh man I
hope he does tell everybody to stop uh
sir your battle bus is here to take you
home I am so tired of that goddamn
flying bus I don't want to parachute
home anymore hey Junior you called us
over yeah you don't want to dude wait
junior did you make Baymax out of
Play-Doh yeah oh dude that's sick I
thought you hated Big Hero 6 no I only
make things I love out of Play-Doh yeah
that is your rule I just got done
watching big hair 6 for the third time
you know what my favorite part of big
hair 6 is guys my favorite part of this
stupid I mean amazing movie is that when
Baymax and hero are stuck in this time
portal thing that the hole is closing up
so Baymax shoots his fist off and and
hero rides it and he gets through the
hole at the very last second and then
the portal closes and you think baymax
is dead forever no more Baymax but guess
what Baymax put his little computer chip
thing inside his hand and hero opens it
up and says oh here's a computer chip
you know what hero does Hero rebuilds
Baymax like a [ __ ] cheese just
remakes them they're just like that you
know his brother his older brother spent
his whole life making Baymax and his
little brother just makes him just [ __ ]
it just just can remake him like a
goddamn girl nothing special can just
make it like a [ __ ] Lego castle so
that was the thing you liked about the
movie oh my favorite part my absolute
favorite no actually no no it's it's
it's a close one it's a it's a very
close one it's either that or my other
favorite part is when this [ __ ] the
professor Guy steals the microbots and
he's mad that his daughter's missing
inside the time portal so you know what
he does you know what he does to get
back at the world because his daughter
stuck in time and space he rides
Nanobots around the city like a [ __ ]
surfboard so so sir not now Susan I'm
playing my tiny violin because I'm so
sad about how much money I have well sir
this might make it worse what well you
remember that kid that came in here
claiming that he hated fortnite oh don't
make me hard well now he's telling
everyone to play fortnite and buy that
Baymax skin [ __ ] what why he said he
hated Baymax I guess he changed his mind
he's telling everyone to pay for it no
no how much money am I making billions
no no no no pull it take him off the
store right now you God no not money too
much money God why do you hate me see
the plot just makes so much sense guys
because look if my daughter was stuck in
time and space I would try to steal an
invention that would help me get her
back not little microbots that can just
build buildings that doesn't make any
sense see if he would have saw like
Heroes invention and heroes invention
like could go into space and like find
missing people I'd [ __ ] steal that
[ __ ] and blow up a building and kill
someone but you know what no I'm just
going to steal little Nanobots and just
ride it like a wave it doesn't make any
sense it doesn't make any sense and all
the other kids in this college can they
can build super cool [ __ ] they can all
build super cool [ __ ] the news is
on breaking news okay fortnite is
removing the Big Hero 6 character skin
because it was selling too many copies
also the CEO of fortnite is now dead
after his parachute failed to deploy
after he jumped out of the battle bus
yes yes they removed it they removed it
[ __ ] you Baymax [ __ ] you [ __ ] you stupid
Baymax piece of [ __ ] dumb Playdoh [ __ ]
damn bro
[Music]