all right Simmons I'm going to show you
where we keep the baddest of the bad
inmates solitary confinement there's no
food there's no electricity there's no
hope well what do they eat if they don't
have food sir they eat cockroaches and
rats and whatever else they can find on
the ground okay so this is our first
inmate bubbles what's up beautiful back
away from the bars oh wait you afraid to
get kissed huh don't kiss them Simmons I
didn't plan on it one kiss from him and
you'll fall in love Yeah Welcome to My
Love chamber come on in come on Simmons
let's go what wait come on kiss me kiss
me come on come on all right follow me
this way oh no hurry up hurry
up all right Simmons this next inmate is
the worst of the worst her name is Nancy
can I see what she looks like oh of
course you can she's a caged animal hey
Nancy get out here you old
bag
Nancy she's coming
Nancy n Nancy don't make me come in
there and pull you out out you you're
making me look
bad Nancy you old C just one second
Simmons Nancy you're pissing me off look
at me come and gra you Nancy Nancy you
better be dead in here cuz you didn't
answer me oh my god oh no she escaped
Simons Simmons sound the alarms Nancy
Escape we got a cold red lock down the
prison go go go
[Music]
today is going to be a good day mhm
[Music]
mhm let's see what we got
[Music]
here she's
[Music]
perfect let's go get some kids
[Music]
now where are those kids at H maybe some
musical
help oh kids where are you kids I got
some free candy for you kids
I did it I finally escaped and on
jeffy's 18th birthday now all I got to
do is kidnap him and get my millions of
dollars now where the hell am
I oh God I'm so glad to finally be out
of that
prison oh [ __ ] it's the cops wait a
minute that's not the cops maybe maybe
he'll give me a ride
woohoo oh
[Music]
you you woo big boy can you give me a
ride I don't think he's stopping
stop hey there baby you really shouldn't
stand in the road I almost hit you can
you give me a ride big boy no I only
take kids oh really well there's a kid I
need you to help me take sorry I work
alone I'll give you
$50,000 huh that'll buy me a lot of
candy get in
[Music]
chief chief chief don't worry guy I
didn't forget today's your birthday
Chief you remembered my birthday happy
birthday guy I don't know was your
birthday right yes Simmons today's my
birthday at least somebody remembered
well happy birthday it's too late now so
what were you going to tell me guy huh I
don't even remember I'm just so happy
now the prisoner sced oh yeah the
prisoner escaped Chief The Prisoner
Nancy escaped from solitary confinement
we locked down the entire prison but she
she still somehow got away damn it guy
how could you allow this to happen sir I
don't know what happened she dug her way
through concrete I don't know how it was
like some sha Shank Redemption [ __ ] damn
it God you better bring her back dead or
alive or you're fired sir you can't fire
me today's my birthday then I'll wait
till tomorrow and then fire your ass
well you can't fire me cuz I quit I'm
just kidding you know I need this job
Come On Son let's go find
it all right Marvin is this good enough
I think we need a few more balloons a
few more balloons I bought all the
balloons from the store I just want to
make sure that jeffy's 18th birthday is
special Marvin this looks amazing you
did this just for jeffy's birthday you
know me I love Jeffy and I want to make
sure his 18th birthday is the most
special birthday he's ever had that's so
sweet Marvin Jeffy is going to be so
excited hey shf peipi can you go to the
store and get 50 more balloons 50 more
balloons I'll get you stupid balloons
now leave me alone I just want to make
sure that Jeffy gives me money I mean I
want to make sure that Jeffy knows I
love him Marvin you're not doing this
just because jeffy's inheriting millions
of dollars from his dead father are you
jeffy's inheriting millions of dollars
from his dead father it completely
slipped my mind oh really I'm being
serious baby you know I love Jeffy I
mean it's his 18th birthday Marvin come
on just let him enjoy his special day
baby it is our special day because he's
turning 18 and he can move out of the
house Marvin we're not kicking him out
of the house on his birthday it depends
on how much money he gives us Marvin oh
listen let me go wake up Jeffy cuz it's
his birthday and let me get his king
crown king
crown my snoring russan Jeffy wake up
it's your birthday
really Daddy yeah Jeffy you're 18 years
old yeah that too so how about you take
off that bunny suit and come downstairs
but what if I don't want to take off my
bunny suit then leave it on you can keep
it on all day really daddy you never let
me leave my bunny suit on all day well
it's your birthday so you can do
whatever you want and look for breakfast
I got you candy bars candy for breakfast
daddy you're being really nice to me
today well you know I love you Jeffy I
wouldn't be doing it for any other
reason and look since it's your birthday
is there anything else you want
strippers wa you want one yeah with big
yummy cans well I'll call one up for
your birthday party which is downstairs
W I got a birthday party do I have
chocolate cake of course there's
chocolate cake
buddy so how about you go downstairs
wait wait wait a second you're now King
of the house I totally forgot you're
King of the House King of the house so
here is your birthday crown you can tell
people what to do oh well then I banish
you to your dungon well don't banish me
yet until you see how cool your birthday
party is okay let's go see it come on
all right I'm going to take off my bunny
suit and put my birthday shoe on well
don't get naked how about you just take
the bunny suit off come on here it is
here's jeffy's cake all right Jeffy
here's your birthday party daddy look at
all your balloons wait shf baby where's
the 50 extra balloons they were sold out
I just got a cake go get more balloons
go find some drive 100 miles to go get
some I'll find the balloons go get some
it's Jeffy J's birthday party I wanted
to be special dang this is the coolest
birthday ever it's a birthday Fit For A
King yes Jeffy and look at all your
presents full of expensive items and
maybe one day you'll repay us like today
Marvin which one has the stripper in it
she's on the way what that's what Jeffy
wanted for his birthday party no Marvin
hey Daddy since I'm 18 now can I throw
this glass cup against the wall and
shatter it I mean I'd rather you didn't
but if that's what you want to do on
your birthday party then go for it buddy
but please don't H I've suddenly grown
out of childish behavior wait really
no you know that doesn't even make me
mad because it's your birthday party so
just go go crazy Jeffy there's someone
at the door stripper no not yet I'm
about I'm it's your friends oh my
friends Jeffy your friends are here
happy birthday Jeffy yeah happy birthday
happy birthday dude this party is so
crazy thanks guys look I'm a king oh wow
that Crown is so cool you're 18 years
old that means
strippers yeah you can also vote now
what well he can you can also buy an
assault rifle gun laws are so crazy I'm
going to hide when you turn
18 see that house right there yep that's
where the kid lives what does he look
like he's got a blue helmet and a yellow
shirt that says Jeffy on it you can't
miss him it's his birthday so he's
probably got a party going on all right
what I'll do is I'll just go up to the
house and pretend I'm there for the
birthday party and when I see him I'll
grab him and bring him back to the van
good
thinkings so Jeffy what are you going to
do for your 18th birthday I might eat
cake I might stick my wiener in an amp
pile the possibilities are English I'm
really digging your LGBT birthday
napkins super homo yeah super dude
thanks for giving us a shot no problem
Cody Jeffy there's someone at the door
stripper maybe hello hey I'm here to see
the birthday boy we didn't hire a clown
well someone did who listen man I don't
ask questions I just do what I'm told
I'm here to eat cake make snake balloons
and snort blow I mean a clown would make
jeffy's birthday party really cool it
sure would so come on inside planned on
it Jeffy there was a special guest at
the door was it the stripper no it was a
clown now wait a minute I can strip
too stop that we don't need that oh yes
we do keep going stop that what just
focus on making animal balloons oh darn
I left my balloons out in my van which
one of you kids wants to come out in my
van with me and get the balloons o I
will no I really think the birthday boy
should come with me no the birthday boy
needs to stay here and open his gifts no
I really think the birthday boy should
come out to the van with me no get one
of the other kids to do it listen Bub
I'm taking this kid with me whether you
like it or not no you're not going to
talk like that I didn't even hire a
clown so you need to leave just get out
of here come on oh rats go on get out of
here hey Hey listen listen listen listen
what I'm sorry get out of here oh damn
it I got to get that
kid what what happened where's Jeffy he
didn't want to come to the van his dad
said no what why would you tell him
about the goddamn van nobody's willingly
going to get into a van that's his free
candy on it God damn it listen he's
yelling at me you're yelling at me it's
hurting my feelings well what are we
going to do now how are we going to get
Jeffy no hold on I'm thinking of
something but think fast oh you know
what I got it hold on I'll be back with
the
kid Jeffy are you ready to hit your
Piata I have a pinata yeah it's waiting
for you outside Jeffy oh I'm about to
whack that [ __ ] A Piata that's okay
crazy all right kids everyone outside to
hit the piñata yay all right Jeffy hit
your piñata and make all the candy come
out shouldn't he be blindfolded no it's
jeffy's 18th birthday and we want to
make sure he gets all the candy so hit
it Jeffy stand back everyone yeah
because I'm about to go AP [ __ ] on this
horsey take this
horsey where you go Mr lollipop get back
here you crazy lpop give here all right
here's the kid this van is so crazy this
lollipop hurts to eat what who the hell
is this where's Jeffy I thought this was
the kid no I said blue helmet yellow
shirt Oh I thought you said blue shirt
no helmet what are you knucking FS this
is the wrong kid it is yes now we got to
kill him so he doesn't tell on us why
would I tell on you this van is cool
okay listen kid you get out of this van
and you run and you don't stop running
okay I love running what do we do now
okay since you can't do it right I have
an idea now pull the van around in front
of their house all
right all right kids did everyone get
some candy yeah all right Jeffy the next
thing we're going to do is we're going
to put candles on your cake and sing you
happy birthday can you sing me Happy
Birthday 18 times since it's my 18th
birthday yeah Marvin you did say
anything for jeffy's birthday uh I mean
18's a lot of times you sure you want 18
yes okay yeah yeah we'll sing it 18
times and can everyone dress up like me
what why would we dress up like you
Jeffy because it's my birthday and it
would be fun if every dressed up like me
all right everyone go put on a yellow
shirt and a blue helmet to look like
Jeffy I guess come on baby let's go
dress up like Jeffy this is the coolest
birthday ever everyone loves me can't
believe I'm doing this I look ridiculous
baby hurry up a Marvin it's just too big
on me baby it looks like a dress look we
have to dress up like Jeffy to make him
happy on his birthday you really want
that money huh baby I already told you
this isn't about the money I would do
this for anyone on their birthday you
would do it for me on my birthday well I
mean listen baby it's not about the
money breaking news world renowned
painter jacqu Pierre Francois the famous
painter we all presumed was dead turns
out he's actually still alive he faked
his death to make his paintings more
valuable I have an exclusive interview
with him now all right everyone I'm here
with the now alive world renowned
painter jacqu Pierre Francois so tell us
jacqu why would you fake your own death
well you see painting are worth more
when the artist is dead and I was
drowning and gambling Deads so I fake my
own death and now my paintings are worth
millions extraordinary but how did you
fake your death you jumped off the
bridge and we saw the splattered remains
on the canvas now that was quite simple
all I had to do is push a pig off the
bridge and when it splatters on the
canvas the body was unrecognizable and I
bought that painting for $200 million
and now that you're not dead that
painting's not worth [ __ ] that is as you
Americans say too bad so sad I'm going
to slap that stupid little pipe cleaner
mustache clean off your stupid face
don't hate me cuz you Ain me well what
about your son he was supposed to
inherit your multi-million dollar
Fortune ah yes the boy listen son if you
are watching this look into the camera
look at your papa [ __ ] off well you
heard it here first folks I'm out $200
million I will now celebrate my Millions
by eating one of your American ambals
from the mcdonal king oh wow Marvin good
thing it wasn't about the money
otherwise you'd be really upset right
now huh he's not getting any of the
money I'm taking this Jeffy out off the
C away and poping off the but you said
it wasn't about the money of course it
was about the money you think I would
take care of it for years for free
Marvin we love Jeffy I don't you might
but I don't I definitely don't he's
caught so much hell in my life he's
broke stuff I want him gone Jeffy would
be really upset right now if he heard
the awful things you were saying I'm
very upset for the things I heard on the
news I thought we were going to get
money baby I thought we were going to
get be paid that wasn't even your money
that was jeffy's money I thought he was
going to give us my thought be like hey
hey Marvin sorry for screwing your life
over for the last few years here here a
quick Millie it's quick Millie cash you
honestly think Jeffy was going to share
yes I thought he gave a [ __ ] I I am so
mad I'm going to go throw his cake away
I'm taking that damn king crown off his
head I'm only sing him happy birthday
once Marvin you're going to sing Happy
Birthday to him 18 times on his birthday
let's go no the only 18 thing that's
happening is how old he's turning cuz
he's out of the house no Marvin you
don't mean that we're kicking him out of
the house you think I'm going to deal
with him for free he's not going to live
with us till he's 30 or 40 I'm kill
myself listen I am going to go tell
Jeffy that he is gone when he leaves his
house we we can see him happy birthday
once but I'm taking that Crown we're
gone stop right here stop right here all
right what's the plan okay we're going
to roll the windows down and then you're
going to place some silly music so the
kids think you're an ice cream truck and
then when the kids come out to get that
free candy you're going to grab Jeffy
and I'm going to jump in the driver's
seat and speed off that's a good idea I
wish I would have thought about that all
right roll your window down
free candy
[Music]
kids okay Jeffy we're dressed up just
like you yeah even can oh that's sick
it's like I'm grw and you guys are my
minions we got to get the girl another
unicorn toy you guys hear that it sounds
like an ice cream truck ooh ice cream I
want ice cream mother if an ice cream
truck this birthday is the tips let's go
guys I can't believe it a free candy fan
what a dream come true I hope they have
Starburst oh they better have Snickers
dude I want mem guys doesn't this seem a
little suspicious how well it's a white
van with free candy spray painted on it
that's like typical kidnapper stuff Cody
nobody kidnaps people anymore that's
illegal yeah it's cameras everywhere
dude yeah nobody was going to go to jail
for kidnapping okay okay yeah I guess
you guys are right this isn't sketchy at
all Cody let's just go get our free
candy and shut up oh here they come all
the kids are coming good then you tell
the kids they have to go to the back to
get the candy and then you grab Jeffy
and I'll speed off all right got it
all right Jeffy let's hurry up and sing
Happy Birthday and then you're getting
the hell out of the house Jeffy where's
Jeffy where's all the kids at uh Marvin
I couldn't find any more balloons at the
store don't yell at me I don't care we
don't need any more balloons wait
seriously you wanted balloons earlier I
don't care about this party I don't care
about these balloons we don't need
anything thank God do you know where the
kids are at Chef peipi uh I think
they're outside at the ice cream truck
getting ice cream ice cream truck yeah
you don't hear it we want candy yeah do
you have Skittles oh do you have three
musketeers yeah yeah yeah I have all the
Musketeers and C tool so just if you
want candy meet me at the back of the
van okay wait wait wait guys this is
getting worse how he wants us to meet
him at the back of the van yeah that's
where he stores all his candy you see
how big this van is oh dude just shut up
okay but if somebody gets kidnapped
don't come crying to me about it come on
candy candy candy candy who wants candy
we do oh please look for the sneakers
first all right let me see if I got
it no no Snickers a man what other candy
would you kids want uh do you have
Starburst wh what the hey hey what are
you doing here go away Jeffy nope no
Starburst a do you have circus peanuts
let me check hurry up and grab them damn
it all right they all look the same
though what are you kids doing oh Jeffy
all your kids go inside right now
[Music]
there all the candles are lit I can't
believe we didn't get any ice cream or
candy I don't even think they had candy
Jeffy are you ready to blow out your
birthday candles yeah are you guys going
to sing Happy Birthday to me 18 times of
course Jeffy but wait where's Marvin oh
he was outside and he yelled at us to
come inside and said we couldn't have
any candy oh yeah he's in a bad mood
Jeffy but he's been in a good mood all
day I know but I think he has a headache
or something are you ready to sing Happy
Birthday to Jeffy yeah all right ready
happy birthday to
youth happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear
Jeffy happy birthday to you again again
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear
Jeffy happy birthday to you one more
time from the to happy
[Music]
birthday all right Jeffy blow out the
candles
yay so Jeffy did you like your birthday
today well you guys had me in the first
half not going to lie but the second
half blew major donkey balls what was
wrong with the second half well for
starters all the presents downstairs
were just empty boxes wrapped with
wrapping paper and daddy ran away well
you know Jeffy I think your dad's going
through a midlife crisis today today of
all days maybe he's at the store getting
you real presents since your gift bags
were empty we can only hope well do you
want to watch some TV Jeffy ooh since
I'm 18 now can we watch Naughty shows
I'm talking full frontal no Jeffy let's
watch the
news breaking news a prisoner in a
Maximum Security Prison has escaped
please be on the lookout for this woman
pick here her name is Nancy real mommy
escap from pring uh Jeffy let's watch
something else nudity no Jeffy mommy
what if real mommy comes and tries to
kidnap me we wouldn't let that happen
you promise I promise okay good um Now
where's Marvin I'm going to give him a
call nipple
time Jeffy change the channel mommy look
at these rocking cans Jeffy change the
channel now see
Jeffy stop it oh he didn't answer well
he's missing a good show Jeffy I'm
changing the
channel okay let me see Jeffy he's right
here he is Mommy wait a minute what are
you guys doing let me go this isn't
Jeffy sure it is see the blue helmet the
yellow shirt no no no this isn't Jeffy
this is somebody else with a blue helmet
and yellow shirt listen this is too hard
can we try something easier wait wait
you're jeffy's mom wait a minute you're
the boo who put me in jail well no no
you put yourself in jail but I had
nothing to do with it okay look I don't
want you I wanted Jeffy so I could take
his millions of dollars that I rightly
deserve well good luck getting that
money because his dad's not dead he's
actually alive and he's not giving Jeffy
any of the money nice try you really
expect me to believe that well it's on
the news you just turn it on yeah right
you'll say anything to get me to let you
go now I have a better idea for you I'm
going to hold you hostage until Jeffy
gives me that money he doesn't have the
money well if he doesn't give me the
money you're dead hey can I use your
phone sure I got to call his family all
right what's jeffy's number jeffy's
number why do you need his number
because I'm going to call Jeffy and
you're going to tell him you're
kidnapped and that you're going to die
if he doesn't give me that money he's
not going to believe me well we're going
to try anyway oh okay his number is I'm
changing the channel Jeffy no you're not
I've waited 18 years to watch shows like
this you're not going to take this from
me you can wait a little longer wait
wait wait my phone's ringing maybe it's
Marvin no it's not my phone phone yeah
it's my phone yellow you have reached
the plug please shiby shiby go on talk
uh Jeffy it's it's me say shiby what say
shiby uh shiby what was that was it some
kind of code no he told me to do that
before I talked just say what I told you
damn it hey Jeffy it's me Marvin uh I
was kidnapped sorry wrong number what
who was that Jeffy it was some salesman
trying to sell me a car's extended
warranty but you don't have a c exactly
why hung I'll buy him a you're so smart
Jeffy I know what'd he say oh he thought
it was a wrong number God damn it make
him believe you or I'll shoot you in the
head oh call my wife call my wife okay
Jeffy hold on my phone's ringing it's a
block number hello talking no funny
business uh hey baby Marvin where are
you why are you calling from a block
number oh it's a long story so I got oh
my God are you calling from a side
chick's phone what side chick would I
have listen baby look I'm kidnapped and
they want millions of dollars so can you
Marvin is this your sick way of trying
to make money because jeffy's dad really
isn't dead wait he's not baby I'm not
trying to make money I can't believe you
abandoned Jeffy on his birthday you're a
dead beat dad no I'm kidnapped I didn't
I guess just come home whenever you feel
like H up okay what' she say uh she
thinks I'm a dead beat dad and I left
Jeffy on his birthday oh God damn it
that's it I'm killing him get my gun no
no no no don't get the gun okay how
about one of you call him because you
guys have scary voices so who has the
scarier voice she does okay mommy is my
real dad really alive yes he is Jeffy
well I want to meet him no I don't think
you do just don't watch the news no I
want to meet him cuz I bet real daddy
wouldn't leave me at my own birthday
party I don't know about that Jeffy wait
my phone's ringing I bet it's Marvin
what do you want Marvin if you ever want
to see Marvin again you'll give me $5
million wait this isn't Marvin no it's
not and if you ever want to see Marvin
again give me $5 million what's going on
okay I kidnapped Marvin and if you want
to see him again you will give me five
million but I don't have $5 million well
then I guess you're not going to see
Marvin again what should I kill him now
no don't do that um I'll just call you
back in 5 minutes what okay wait but uh
you called from a block number so I
don't have your number oh yeah hold on
what what is your number mine no the guy
who's tied up what's his number no I was
being sarcastic yes your number well
then you should have said something you
should have said hey screw ball what's
your phone number hey screw ball what
what is your phone number 555
555 55 56 it's it's all fives with the
six at the end you can't screw it up
okay I I'll call back in 5 minutes okay
Jeffy your dad's been kidnapped which
one Marvin oh well good he deserved it
he left me at my own birthday party oh
I'm going to call the cops what' they
say they're going to call me back but if
they don't call me back in 5 minutes I'm
killing you oh they're going to call
back hey there somebody called the cops
and I brought backup cuz in case you
haven't heard there's a goon on the
loose and she's a real Rascal that goon
so have you seen any goons what about
you kid you look like you've seen a goon
or two that goon kidnapped my husband
it's the woman that escaped from prison
that was on the news I'm sorry what the
woman on the news that escaped from
prison see I just distinctly didn't hear
you say happy birthday to the birthday
boy oh is it your birthday today no budy
loves me I'm so sorry it's just it's my
son's birthday today so oh yeah God I
hate people have the same birthday as me
I wish they'd all die can we focus here
please this woman kidnapped my husband
she's asking for $5 million or she's
going to kill him wait you were
contacted by the woman who escaped from
prison you hear that Simmons we have a
lead we have a lead we have a lead so
where is she I don't know she called
from a blocked phone number a blocked
phone number we lost the lead we lost
the lead we lost the lead but she did
give me her phone number she gave you a
phone number she gave you her phone
number she gave you her phone number
okay great so we can just call her so we
can just call her so we sim Simmons stop
stop singing it's starting to piss me
off okay so we can just call her and
hear her demands yes but I already told
you her demand she wants $5 million or
she's going to kill Marvin Hey listen
you've never met a negotiator like me I
can get that price way down you should
have seen me get my Hyundai Sonata I got
them to take five grand off the sticker
oh man it was great hey you you want to
ride in my Hyundai Sonata no please can
we just focus and call this come on you
got to take a ride in my Sonata come on
there she is that's my baby it's very
nice now can we pleas it is very nice I
insist you take a ride in her no that's
not necessary can we please go call it's
very necessary when you feel the seats
are going to be in heaven I'll take your
word for it please let's go call don't
to take my word for it come on let's
take a ride oh man I love being in this
car it's way more comfy than the cop car
which I have to go get in soon yes this
car is very impressive now can we please
go this car has so many features like
check this out you're going to love this
you know what that is that's a blind
spot camera so if some little brat tries
running up on me while I'm turning I can
see them it's very convenient can we go
back inside I got all of these features
for a steal at the Hyundai Sunday Sales
Event I'm so happy for you can we please
go call Jeff I think we should take a
quick little ride around the
neighborhood no come on come on you love
it oh man how lucky are you you get to
ride my Sonata not a lot of people get
to do that not even my daughter you know
cuz she eats crackers and the crumbs get
between the seats oh big mess can we
please huge mess can we please and then
you got to get in there with a vacuum
and that takes forever and it's loud can
wee and then you got to pay the vacuum
with CDs and that just sucks can we
please call the woman now oh yeah we can
call it just hold on H it's ringing
hello hey there ma'am I just wanted to
let you know that this is the police and
you're going to jail [ __ ] say hi
Simmons hi Simmons No Simmons you're
supposed to just call her a [ __ ] [ __ ]
you hear that that's my buddy Simmons
and he's going to kick your ass I sure
am yeah he'll hit a woman he doesn't
care I don't care he doesn't care Oh no
you're not cuz I got a hostage oh man I
hate when they have hostages what do you
want I want $5 million you're going to
meet me in the field you know the one oh
yeah of course I know the field field
it's the field it's the one field you're
going to meet me in the field in an hour
with $5 million and Jeffy cuz I want to
say hi to him okay okay but but hear me
out how about $3 million no it's $5
million or I kill this guy right now oh
damn you're not playing so I don't get
the Hyundai Sunday Sales Event price no
okay Simmons when we get there we're
going to shoot her in the face and no
weapons oh come on that's not fair so do
we have a deal okay stupid I didn't get
anything out of that phone call I'm
sorry matee what did she say she wants
us to meet her in the field in an hour
with $5 million and Jeffy but we don't
have $5 million yeah I know so when she
gets there you and I are just going to
tackle her I mean it's two against one
and she's had no weapons so I think we
can take her yeah come on Jeffy let's go
see her so what's happening we're going
to meet the cops and Jeffy in an hour to
trade you for the money yes screw ball
why would we meet with the cops wouldn't
they just shoot us no because I told
them no weapons oh that's smart but
guess who's going to bring their gun who
me well that's not fair shouldn't you
tell them so it's fair no I don't care
if it's fair come on we're going
[Music]
okay okay Simmons I'm assuming they're
in the van that says free candy on it oh
mate you think we can get some free
candy I don't think they have any free
candy Simmons well why would they put it
on the van if it's not true I'm going to
take a wild guas and say it so they can
kidnap people but that's illegal I know
and that's why we're going to arrest
them so what we're going to do is we're
going to get out of the van and we're
going to play good cop we're going to be
like hey we got your money and then bam
we whoop our ass and then we save Marvin
we get the key to the city and the chief
is going to give us promotions sounds
good mate all right Jeffy you stay here
all right [ __ ] where he ow God damn it
no Simmons I'm not all right I close the
door in my hand you need to go to the
hospital no we're doing this hold on
okay look we brought your money and we
didn't bring any weapons well I did
bring a weapon so show me the money or
I'm going to blow his head off that's
not fair that's not fair that's not fair
we said No weapons we were going to beat
your ass H you really thought I was
stupid enough not to bring a gun Now
show me the money or I'm going to shoot
him and all he use well you see it's
actually kind of a funny story cuz we
didn't bring the money cuz me and
Simmons thought we could beat you up all
right that's it I'm killing him oh no no
no no no no wait wait wait don't don't
shoot we have Jeffy in the back of the
car you wanted him right okay hand over
Jeffy uh Jeffy could you come out of the
car hey Mommy Jeffy run hey Jeffy mommy
missed you now come to Mommy go hey at
least we save barvin right go on Jeffy a
well you're not going to let her take
Jeffy are you we don't have any weapons
bro I don't know what you want us to do
hey Jeffy happy
birthday okay since you didn't bring my
money I'm taking Jeffy with me and
whenever you want to stop playing games
maybe we can make another deal come on
oh Danny help
me she took him she really just took him
I mean hey at least you don't have to
deal with him anymore well I know but
like I don't want anything bad to happen
to him why what do you care you always
complaining about him anyway well I know
I just I still care about him yeah I
mean look on the bright side at least
it's a nice day for it you know it's not
too hot not too cold you know if my kid
were to get kidnapped I'd want it to be
in weather like this true what you guys
got to do something come on Chase the B
we can't do anything man we don't have
any weapons and she has a handgun she
could shoot all of us wait mate don't we
have a sniper rifle in the trunk of the
car oh yeah we do have a sniper rifle in
the trunk of the car okay Simmons I want
you to camp out somewhere get up in one
of these trees and shoot out her tires
on it okay Marvin me and you are going
to chase that van down come on let's
go someone's going to die today all
right Marvin you're about to see how I
drove on my dri's test when I was 16
poorly
there she is there she is catch up with
her I'm trying
[Music]
man scall hurry up he's gain it on
us why are you trying to hurt Mommy I
hate
you man she is driving like crazy I
guess I can add reckless driving to the
list of charges you know I can make
corny cop puns because we're in a police
chain we're just focus on the road okay
oh Jeffy I'm sick of you I never loved
you you were an accident after I get my
money I'm going to kill you and bury you
in the deepest hole I can find and then
I'm going to kill your other F Daddy
help
me rammer you should rammer okay I'm
going to do a pit maneuver yeah go wait
wait wait what's going on what's going
on what's going on oh [ __ ] what I ran
out of gas ran out gas well she's
getting away can we get more gas H I
don't see any gas stations in this
[ __ ] field do you well no but she's
getting away it's up to Simmons now
Simmons I need you to shoot those tires
out right now I'm on it mate hold still
you
bastard uh Simmons you are only supposed
to shoot the tires
whoops jeffy's Dead uh uh dispatch we we
need we need an ambulance and fire
trucks just just just all of it get out
here
now Marvin oh my God Marvin thank God
you're okay and no one was hurt oo uh
Simmons I think we should probably leave
why this is about to be really sad
Marvin where's Jeffy uh he's uh he's not
coming back baby what do you mean he
isn't coming back where is he his uh his
his mom took him no she didn't murphin
we have to go back there we have to go
get him get the cops
no he's dead baby he's dead what are you
talking about Marvin listen the mom took
him in the van and the van exploded and
and Jeffy died in the explosion exploded
no no Marvin Jeffy can't be gone no he
just can't he can't go go get Jeffy he's
dead baby he's dead but he's not coming
he's not coming back Marvin no it can't
be this is this isn't happening it's his
birthday today Marvin no I know I know
he died baby I know I should have been
nicer to him I just can't believe this
is happening I know I know that's our
baby boy I know we should have I should
have been nicer to him I shouldn't have
I shouldn't have been mean to him on his
birthday I'm sorry if I had a chance I'd
say sorry I wish he was here right now
no
Jeffy oh man Simmons I feel bad but you
must feel way worse cuz you [ __ ] suck
it shooting this was irely your fault it
was a moving Target mate gas cap Tire
big difference Simmons but they're both
round okay Simmons let's just go I just
wish Jeffy was back I know baby I miss
Jeffy too I wish I could just hear him
do that annoying sound One More Time
Marvin that was a really good impression
what that wasn't me I thought it was you
what don't be sad Daddy it's not like
you had to walk 50 mi in the dark
getting eaten by mosquitoes on your
birthday Jeffy you're alive my God
yeah I jumped down the back of the van
before it exploded what yeah this is
what happened uh hey we're almost out of
gas then find the gas station Jeffy
Jeffy no Jeffy
Jeffy die [ __ ] so that's what happened
thank God you're home Jeffy yeah we love
you so much Jeffy Bo it's not like every
day you kill your mom on your birthday
Jeffy listen I know you're 18 but you
don't have to move out of the house you
can stay here as long as you want
because I can't imagine life without you
because I've gotten so used to you I
know I know I was mad at you today on
your birthday but that was just because
I thought we were getting money but I
don't care about the money I I just want
you Jeffy I love you so much a love you
too Mommy and Daddy but I didn't plan on
going
anywhere who's at the door hold on hello
hey what are you doing here I just
wanted to say I'm sorry I thought you
died you were driving the van no I heard
a gunshot and I got scared and jumped
out uh hey we're almost out of gas then
find the gas station
Jeffy Jeffy no Jeffy Jeffy gunshots I'm
out of
here so do you accept my apology get out
of here I don't want to see ever again
I'll call the cops right now who was at
the door Marvin it was one of the
kidnappers what I already called the
cops hey there you call me oh hey you're
not dead how the hell did that happen
listen listen one of the kidnappers at
the door he survived oh hey that means
nobody died today well actually I shot
my mom in the face before the van
exploded oh okay well with the explosion
there's no trace of the body so that
means no paperwork for me and that's the
best birthday present I could ask for
this video is about me it should have
been called Brooklyn guys 45th birthday
no balls name it that
[Music]