oh man i can't wait to sit back and
watch the miami eat playoff game or as i
like to call it the jimmy buckets show
cause jimmy's about to get buckets go
heat hey party not now karen it's jimmy
time can't you see i'm wearing my heat
jersey and my shorts oh can you turn up
the ac because i'm starting to feel some
heat boyney have you seen your daughter
yeah she's like upstairs playing barbies
or whatever no she's not okay whatever
i'm trying to watch the game boyney did
you pick her up from school wait what
what pick her up why would i pick her up
i thought you did that that's not my job
she's your old kid oh ho hold on the
game's starting to get started
pass it to jimmy yeah yes yes jimmy from
three
go heat go heat yes oh i don't have a
heart beat i have a heart heat it goes
heat heat
oh no oh it's penelope she's probably
mad hey can you talk to her i don't
really want to answer it boyney you
answer your daughter okay uh hey
princess go heat dad you forgot to pick
me up from school i know princess i'm
sorry you know the heat game is on it
jimmy jimmy yes jimmy just dunked it
jimmy you're the worst dad ever oh don't
say that honey i'm sure there are worse
dads like dads that aren't fans of the
heat you know i could be a knicks fan or
like i could be a fan of the orlando
magic i mean who are they uh dad there's
a creepy car behind me oh come on don't
pass it to kyle lowry jimmy butler's
right there he's wide open oh yeah sorry
honey were you saying something
jimmy from three three
[Applause]
did she just see that shot that jimmy
just did
i think she got kidnapped what what what
now your daughter just screamed i think
she's been kidnapped here or the kidnap
is still on the phone i don't know
now you listen here i don't know who you
are and i don't know what you want but i
am watching the heat game right now and
i do not have time for this like you
picked the worst possible time to abduct
my daughter because jimmy jimmy is just
going crazy out there okay like he's
just draining threes it's awesome okay
so i would really appreciate it if you
would just bring her back here and maybe
get her a happy meal too because i
forgot to pick her up from school and
she's kind of pissed about that and
she's probably even more pissed now that
you kidnapped her hold on no not pj
talker not pj talk uh come on i'm sorry
where were we oh yeah please return my
daughter so i can watch the game thank
you butler switch
maneuvers for two crap
what
no pointy you go out there and save your
daughter no oh
headaches headaches you're giving me a
migraine oh oh jimmy oh no no jimmy
jimmy jimmy jimmy jimmy why did your
daughter okay
go get her okay i'm going i'm going oh i
really just want to watch the game hey
mate what are you doing at work on your
off day yeah it is my off day isn't it
so what am i doing here at work yeah
what are you doing here at work well
apparently my daughter got kidnapped
because i forgot to pick her up from
school or something but honestly i just
want to stay home and watch the heat
play you know because jimmy butler is
going bananas out there no way no he's
doing great you should see it no i'm
talking about your daughter she got
kidnapped oh yeah yeah yeah she did so i
was wondering if maybe you could look
for her for me so i can just watch the
game oh absolutely mate i'll set out an
amber alert and load the news right away
oh thank you so much simmons uh hey by
the way can you get the game on your
phone no i'm still on the australian
plan it's all i get soccer oh all right
well i just don't really want to go home
but i guess i could just tell my wife
you're working on it yeah that'll work
all right here i come jimmy jimmy butler
from three
shake it jimmy
butt more and the crowd goes wild
boy did you find your daughter no but
it's being taken care of buddy i said no
okay
so no touchy of the remote a thank you
listen my partner simmons is working on
it he put out an amber alert he alerted
the news he did the whole shebang it's
fine she's not going to be any more
kidnapped by the time the game is over
be quiet jimmy has to make his free
throws and i don't want you distracting
him okay jimmy just breathe
well come on
breaking news okay a girl named penelope
has been kidnapped and we need your help
to find her she has orange hair and
glasses this is such a tragic story that
we will continue to interrupt the miami
heat basketball game until she is found
oh come on who cares put your meatback
on kids get kidnapped every day it's not
every day you get to see jimmy shoot
threes because they don't play
basketball every day otherwise he would
why do you go find your daughter well i
have to now cause they're not gonna put
the game back on until i do they can
take penelope but they can't take jimmy
i'm not doing this for her i'm doing
this for the heat all right i'm tracking
penelope's phone and it says it should
be around here somewhere look penelope
if you're hiding in the bushes i'm gonna
be pretty pissed off cause i could be
watching the heat right now
oh there's a phone okay so yeah she was
definitely kidnapped oh what's that
a button from a shirt huh okay so the
kidnapper is wearing a shirt that's
missing a button well i mean there's
only seven billion people in the world
how many of them could be wearing shirts
missing buttons
rawr omni sticky note monster jeffy stop
wasting sticky notes
she made a huge mess
who's at the door let me get it hello
hey man i got a question are you here to
watch the miami heat game you want the
game yeah it's on right now what okay i
want to watch jimmy come on no i can't
wait to watch the heat game well it's on
this isn't the heat game this is the
warriors game well i don't know my nba
teams maybe it's another channel move
come on jimmy come on jimmy oh the news
took over the channel a kid got
kidnapped yeah it's my daughter what
she's kidnapped yeah it's fine don't
worry about it you're not upset oh i'm
upset that i can't watch the heat game
because the news is on well you know you
don't want to go look for that's what
i'm doing i came here because i had a
man i had a button but i threw it in my
excitement damn it i just know that the
kidnapper has a shirt that's missing a
button so do you have a shirt that's
missing a button my shirt doesn't have
buttons you think i kidnapped your kid i
don't know man people are crazy well i
do not kidnap but we don't have her here
man i guess the trail's gone cold are
you sure you can't get the game on this
thing well i don't know uh i guess i'll
just watch live score updates from my
phone it's not going to be as good
always calling me hello hi mate i got a
live update on your daughter really you
found her tell the news so they can put
the game back on no i didn't find her
but i found out who may have done it
he's wearing a plaid shirt and he's got
glasses on well a plaid shirt and
glasses who the hell wears a plaid shirt
and glasses oh jeffy's friend wears a
plaid shirt and glasses really where is
he they're in his room right now playing
oh i'm coming jimmy how are you junior
sick hey i gotta talk to you wait what
did you kidnap my daughter no that's
exactly what a kidnapper would say wait
penelope got kidnapped oh yeah how'd you
figure that out did your friend here
tell you about it no you said your
daughter are kidnapped and i know yeah
yeah yeah something fishy's going on
here i knew you guys wouldn't talk so
i'll make you a deal if i beat you in
one-on-one basketball you have to tell
me where my daughter is but i'm not even
good at basketball okay then if i beat
your friend pencil knows over there in
one-on-one basketball you have to tell
me where my daughter is
okay fine whatever all right pencil
knows you heard me you and me playing
one-on-one basketball all right i'm
skinned all right all right i get the
ball first why well because my
daughter's been kidnapped look the way
we're gonna do this is every score is
worth one point and whoever gets three
points first wins okay okay go where am
i going where am i going i'm like jimmy
butler i can shoot it from anywhere
y'all my house what the hell my
ball okay you got lucky with that block
but there's no way you're ever gonna
make it take it okay okay homie that's
fair but there's no way you're gonna
ever do that again
you're good i'm good homie yeah that was
clean
oh come on brooklyn guy you're losing
come on come on be like jimmy pull out
your jimmy and explode everywhere ugh
okay all right now i'm heated
hi you missed my ball okay here's my
chance to come back i'm going to be like
jimmy
oh the crowd goes wild
my ball
okay all right just gotta do it again
okay one more shot and i can win the
game i can save my daughter and watch
the heat play okay oh am i going step
back three oh i dropped it three
that was all bad it was all bad my hands
were slippery on
your ball okay i really bit my chance
there but it's okay because you're gonna
miss this shot and then i'm gonna get it
huh okay i lost but you know what it
doesn't matter because you don't have
buttons on your shirt anyway so you
couldn't have done it yeah i don't even
care i just wanted to play basketball
something
uh i don't know where to look now maybe
they put the game back on
we have still not found the missing girl
in other news the miami heat beat the
atlanta hawks and jimmy butler went
bonkers scoring 45 points a career
playoff high for him well yeah of course
he went bonkers they call him jimmy
buckets for a reason oh man i can't
believe i missed the highest scoring
playoff game of his career that was the
best game ever and i don't even like
sports yeah it was penelope where have
you been uncle jonathan took me to see
the miami heat game what why i won two
tickets and i didn't know anyone who
liked to miami heat so i took her but
me i like the easiest to eat heat oh i'm
so sorry brooklyn guy i didn't know you
were a fan or i would have taken you see
i was driving to your house and i saw
penelope just walking down the street so
i grabbed her so no one could kidnap her
i lost my phone dad and i lost my button
yeah yeah i found i found both of those
man i just i can't believe you guys saw
jimmy without me penelope tell me what
did jimmy smell like i don't know we
were sitting in the nosebleeds oh he
smelled so good he gave you a nosebleed
that's exactly how i imagined it i get
noise please when i sneeze too hard
thank you jonathan well i guess i'll
watch the miami heat highlights
you should have seen it in push it shut
up jonathan
[Music]
you