Jimmy what are you doing what's up pops
what's hopping out the gate what are you
talking about I'm asking you what you're
doing daddy I'm sitting on the couch
Jeffy what are you doing don't you know
I'm out here maxin relaxin posted up
bunnyhopping floor mopping I'm out here
cashing checks and taking names but I'm
not taking names because I'm too busy
counting Jets yeah I'm out here getting
receipts I don't know what you're
talking about I don't know what you just
said Danny I got some tea I'm not
talking Arizona so today I was
absolutely 100 busting that school and
your teacher is being so sus and I was
like you know what I'm gonna send it I'm
gonna full send daddy so I flipped him
the birdie tweet tweet kid behind me
said that we absolutely stand I was like
I'm still sitting and that's on hundo P
daddy Jeffy I have no idea what you just
said I do not understand a single word
you just said that's because you're old
now you're a boomer I'm not oh oh my
back
see that's exactly what a Boomer would
say plus your balls well I'm not bald
I'm not old and I'm not a boomer okay
I'm just I'm just a little old but not
too old and bald
let me see you at the door all right
daddy hello hey I lost my tennis ball
and weight in your backyard can you get
it for me why are you playing with the
tipis ball at night
my goal babies oh man stop calling me
old man old just shut up old man and
give me my tennis ball before you croak
fine here here's your test ball throw it
tell me what throw it to you yeah okay
it's pretty far Oh daddy why Dave you
need your but I'm not digging my butt
Jeff um government back where you
digging your butt I'm not okay I sent a
picture of my hog to Elmo and I said
tickle this Jeffy that's so stupid
I think I might call it doctor because
my back is killing me Jeffy what you use
the phone you call a doctor
sorry that's not a real phone picture of
my hog hey Lia somebody call a doctor
yes I did doctor my back hurts and I'm
just getting old uh-huh yeah I know the
feeling to get an old it sucks things
just don't work like this supposed to
you know
it's just uh not getting up like it used
to you know you slap around you call it
names you tug on it like a shoestring
but nothing not even a tingle you get
your favorite stepsister video up you
know mom and dad are out of the house
and they're never gonna find out and
it's not weird because they don't have
the same parents but it's also kind of
weird because like they're supposed to
be brother and sister so it's just the
right kind of weird oh it's so hot
I saw this one video ate nerf basketball
oh my back hurts and I just didn't oh I
can you fix my back pain oh well there's
really nothing you can do about that
it's just part of getting old getting
old I got a text message but somebody
sent me a picture of that hog and it's
all hairy right here look at this hairy
hog well you know that's a huge hog yeah
it's the biggest hog I've ever seen it's
definitely bigger than mine
so what are we gonna do I'll be getting
old oh nothing it's just part of life
you know
father time always wins in the end
what's your Tom Brady whoo have you seen
that man he must have found the Fountain
of Youth or something yeah I'm also
getting bald yeah you are look at you
uh yeah I'm going bald too look but at
least I'm not as bald as you what do you
like 50 Chevy daddy's getting old
one day better start writing that will
and increase your life insurance policy
chef he'll watch TV hey old freaks are
you tired being old are you tired your
back hurting and your bones popping are
you going bald well I was too until I
discovered youth juice I found the
Fountain of Youth and i bottled that em
ever now look at me I'm bald
I'll push it 50 I'm getting old but with
what sippy youth juice now I'm young
dumb and full of my God Jesus Christ
daddy calm down
did you see that it's YouTube oh they
gave him a full head of hair it looks so
gorgeous I have to get some of that got
to get some of that come on big bird
danger oh oh man I got the last bottle
I'm gonna be so young and hot and not
old hey Danny I'm thirsty going off
there he gets up to drink Jeffy oh man I
can't wait to try it
who's at the door hey Danny I'm thirsty
daddy what's this Oh drink hello uh hey
my shine lost his tennis ball in your
backyard again and he need you to get
for him before you croak why did your
son come and ask for it himself he was
embarrassed that this was the second
time tonight fine I will get it here it
is y'all would kill me are you serious
yeah that's really for stupid kid you
know you're a baby
hey there somebody go the octave oh
thank god you're here doctor see look I
bought some you juice Oh youth juice
yeah I heard of this stuff it's
dangerous if you drink too much you turn
into a baby well that's what happened to
my son man
that is an ugly baby he looks like a fat
frog like a toad well fix him well I
don't know what to tell you man you're
just gonna have to wait for him to grow
up don't leave he was 15 years old he
was three years away from being 18 I was
almost free okay you raised them once
you can do it again right no I do not
want to raise it for 18 more years I
don't even know how to take care of a
baby well I could help you for you will
look okay calm calm down just for a few
minutes okay just till the end of the
video I'm not gonna sit here and help
you raise a baby for 18 years I'm not
your wife okay well what do we do with
the baby oh okay I got this I'm great
with babies
well you are oh yeah I love babies and
babies love me I'm a real hit with the
babies I do this trick where I pretend I
stole their nose check this out well uh
I got you nose
Hey
I don't really have any dumb baby baby
to come I hate babies well it wasn't who
try to talk those aren't words Edie what
are you doing maybe maybe we should just
go get him some toys you know so he can
play with them stuff yeah maybe that'll
work
all right Jeff here we got you a bunch
of toys to play with so play with
whatever you want
you put the donuts on the stick oh yeah
you stupid you can't even stack those
doughnuts right what an idiot Jeffy do
you want to play with this I will punch
a baby up that boy hey you smell that oh
did you just poke the pants did I yeah
don't be embarrassed if you did
obviously it was the baby hey why didn't
you just use a toilet give me the baby
okay let's just type were together
all right Jeffy we're gonna change your
diaper okay
yeah are you done I don't ladies done
ginger you got to stop buoy for me to
check your diaper okay you're done now
so let me just change it no no I am not
changing that young people are you tired
being young and cool don't you wish you
could just be all so you could do things
like rent a car or go to a casino or get
the senior citizens discount well me too
that's why I invented all juice one sip
of this you'll be rockin the nurse at
home getting all the elderly babes
now right now I'm young and hot but
that's about to change
[Music]
Jews like me Oh juice exactly what we
need okay look you watch Jeffy so I can
go get the old juice okay okay what are
you looking at you stupid dumb baby come
on you don't know how to use a remote oh
that is Tomi
go look I got the old geez I got it what
happened to you Oh Jeffy yeah I mean I
fell into that toy oh let's get this
thing off you know don't touch it don't
touch it
how'd you feel we need you to drink the
old juice okay just drink it
Jeremy look you're gonna drink this yes
you do Jeff you have to drink okay how
are you get Jeffy to drink this yeah I
would yes see jumpy do you think we
should put in a bottle yeah yeah and a
bottle that could work all right Jesse
here's your bottle so drink it
drink the bottle Jeffy drink it how am I
gonna drink it pretend it's a big fake
hoo-hoo oh yeah do a big fake hoo-hoo
yeah just be like this cat stupid baby
anymore
you wanna catch his hand again no I
won't Jeff you I'm glad you're back to
normal
what day it's not taste good let me get
another hit of that oh you're old
[Music]