oh man I love playing Fall Guys and
drinking Sprite
hey Junior what are you doing looks like
he's playing Fall Guys and drinking
spraying AC oh man what a life yeah yeah
just living the life wait Junior why
didn't you cross the finish line oh well
I'm really good at the game so I get to
the Finish Line before everyone else and
I like to laugh at all the slow people
and then when there's one person left
right before you cross the finish line I
cross it and I crush his hopes and
dreams that seems like kind of a dick
move no that's a Savage move dude yeah
I'm a complete Savage oh no it's time
for me to cross the finish line
yeah the tortoise and the hair what you
know the story about the tortoise and
the hair the the turtle's hairy but no
no the story with the tortoise and the
hair so the turtle shaved and he forgot
one hair no not that kind of hair it's
hair like a rabbit like here's another
name for rabbit no it's not no one says
oh here comes the Easter hair but no
it's spelled differently like h-a-r-e
what's that to do with Fall Guys well in
the story that the rabbit and the
Tortoise have a race and the rabbit
loses because he got cocky like you just
did so the turtle beat the rabbit and
fall guys yeah sure okay I don't worry
about your stories anymore Cody you go
downstairs and give me another Sprite
can you say please go nerd fine I try to
be nice to him I try so hard to be nice
to him but he just doesn't get it maybe
he's deaf dude I just don't understand
got your stupid Sprite why'd you give me
a diet one it's not diet yes it is look
at the bottle it's clear that means diet
it doesn't say diet on it Cody listen
green bottles are normal Sprite clear
ones are diet well they have the same
number of calories
just go downstairs and give me a green
bottle right well this is all you had in
the fridge there's no way Chef baby only
bought Diet Sprite I don't think it's
Diet Sprite it is Diet Cody show me
where you got this diet spray okay fine
okay so just wait here then look Junior
I got him right here they're all diet
Sprites I don't think they're diet I
think they just look like that no Cody
they're definitely diet look they're
right that's the diet coke okay well
don't yell at me yell it whoever bought
them
[Applause]
Chef baby what do you want junior I'm
trying to make double fried chicken
why'd you buy Diet Sprite I didn't buy
Diet Sprite I bought regular Sprite so
you can get diabetes and die faster well
there's nothing but Diet Sprite in the
fridge there's no regular no it's not
it's regular Sprite in the refrigerator
then go check okay I'll check the stupid
fish you're gonna see that it's diet
here you go stupid read it it's regular
Sprite not Diet Sprite duh no it's a
clear bottle that means it's diet Chef
PeePee I didn't put it in a clear bottle
the company did idiot I want the green
bottle Sprite look how about you just
pour the liquid in here into a green
bottle and call it a day no because it's
diet I want regular green bottles fries
well I don't know what to tell you I
don't work for the company I'm not doing
it okay let's go get Joseph and go to
the store and get green bottle Sprite
come on Joseph we're going to the store
wait why because there's nothing but
Diet Sprite downstairs I'm gonna buy
normal Sprite it's not diet yes it is
Cody well maybe you should taste it and
see if it is Diet I'm not gonna drink
Diet Sprite well it's not that Junior
don't you want to taste it to find out
are you trying to say anything to go on
a diet no because your mom should go on
a diet wait no because she's fat okay
just try and overweight just taste it to
see if it's dying no I don't need a
taste it the clear bottle shows his diet
so let's go to the store okay
what's wrong Cody
the news
breaking news Okay Sprite will only be
sold in clear plastic bottles from now
on sprite's old green bottles have been
discontinued because they were harder to
recycle and bad for the environment see
Junior they're not diet they just look
like that now what that's so lame no I
don't believe it there's no way this has
to be like an April Fool's prank it's
November what November fools well I said
no there's no way this is real let's go
to the store and grab all the green
bottles right
no it can't be true where's the green
bottle where's the green bottles Jenny
you saw the news they get rid of the
green bottles to help the environment
well what about Mountain Dew they have
green bottles do they not care about the
environment I guess not I guess they
also don't care about your teeth what
kidney stones and what about seven up
who the hell drinks seven up Cody if
seven of gonna four green bottles then
Sprite can afford green bottles this is
[ __ ] Cody I'm sorry Junior just
gonna have to get used to it no I don't
have to get used to it this is Diet
Sprite this is [ __ ] this is [ __ ]
this is [ __ ] Junior I think we
should barely leave this store now no
Cody this is a stupid dumb Sprite
[Applause]
you don't cry it's just a soda it's not
just a soda Cody it's my entire life I
love Sprite and they ruined it by
putting in this clear crap well the
green bottles are harder to recycle this
is better for the Earth screw the Earth
well don't say that Junior oh no no no
what has the Earth done for us well it
gives us air in life no no no look we
changed the bottles to help it out but
what does Earth do in return give us
hurricanes and earthquakes volcanoes
tsunamis yeah he has a point dude yeah
Earth is bad why do we have to change
the bottles to make earth happy Earth
doesn't do anything for us look we still
have cars outside that pollute the air
we have airplanes that pollute the air
changing the bottles not gonna do
anything Cody well this is at least a
start no but I'm gonna go grab a knife
but why so I go stab the grass to let
Earth know I'm pissed well I want to
help screw you Earth
Junior stabbing the grass isn't going to
solve anything I want green Sprite
bottles back oh dude can I have this bag
of chips
thank you Joseph
littering
did you just litter yeah screw the Earth
well Jenny you gotta take it for
littering I know I guess it's not the
Earth's fault that the bottles are clear
yeah exactly it's the Sprite company's
fault so the Sprite companies who I
should stop but no don't stab anyone who
do I stab you get the bottles back to
green you don't have to stab anyone Cody
I hate these clear bottles it looks like
a water bottle with a Sprite label on it
I'm sorry Jenny there's nothing you can
do well I know I'll just stop drinking
Sprite that'll make them change it what
they're not gonna change it just because
one person stops drinking spray then
I'll get the whole world to stop
drinking Sprite you're not gonna
convince the entire world to stop
drinking Sprite yes I am watch Joseph
stopped drinking Sprite okay dude I'll
do it for you thanks buddy Cody stop
drinking Sprite I'm still gonna drink
Sprite what come on
this sucky friend
kick me without out stop stop kicking me
stop it stop drinking Sprite you can't
kick people into stop drinking Sprite
I'll kick the whole world if I have to
everyone stop drinking Sprite till they
chase it miles back to green you can't
kick everyone in the world stop kicking
me that's how you start it yeah if you
start a movement right everyone burn out
burn down a Little Caesars burn down
anything Junior this is stupid I need a
green bottle Sprite well I mean I have a
green can does that work the cans are
still green
what what
oh
but but it's green it cuts it's still
Sprite he just doesn't
I I don't see the problem it's Sprite
it's in a green can what
yeah what
come on guys just tell me what's wrong
uh just silly
come on it's it's a green kit just
explain the problem every time he says
it I know but I don't get this what okay
it's the bottle I'm mad about not the
can there's nothing wrong with the can
the can is fine I'm not I don't stop
talking about the bottle that bottle is
what I want the bottle is what I want
Cody okay but the green bottle the can
is fine if the can was clear green
bottle dude yeah the clan if the can was
clear that would be sick wait wait wait
but then it would be exactly the same as
the clear bottle no I've never seen a
clear can before because Cody stop
bringing up the can I want a green
bottle Sprite that is all I want that's
all I care about well Junior you haven't
even tasted it out of the clear bottle
yet I bet you could blindfold me and I
could sip uh sprite from the can and a
Sprite from that bottle and I could tell
the difference I bet you couldn't yes I
could I could it's gonna taste diet
because that is a Diet Sprite I bet you
couldn't we should try it all right
Joseph give me a blindfold okay we're
trying this
okay Junior one of these Cups has sprite
from the can and one of these Cups has
sprite from the clear bottle I'll be
able to tell which one's the clear
bottle because it's diet okay let me do
this first one
okay that's Sprite well yeah they're
both Sprite hold on hold on
that's Sprite too but yet they're both
Sprite they taste the same oh let me let
me retry these
Sprite and
bright they taste exactly the same
because they are I don't know they're
both Sprite
okay the one you just drank is from the
clear bottle I know
I know and it was that one it was so
diet oh I can't get the taste out of my
mouth
until I told you no I knew it that's why
I kept trying that one I was like
something's weird about that one has
some diary aftertaste I used the clear
bottle Cody I know it's the clear bottle
but Junior they taste exactly the same
no they do not listen I need Sprite in
the green bottle and I guess the only
way I'm gonna get that back is I have to
go on eBay and buy from someone that's
auctioning one off nobody else cares
okay guys I got my laptop oh look this
guy's selling a green bottle Sprite for
sixty dollars this guy's selling it for
34. junior this is ridiculous you can't
spend sixty dollars every time you want
to spray Cody I cannot drink that stupid
clear bottle Sprite anymore look the
green bottle Sprites are right here and
these guys are selling it for that much
money because they know it's valuable
because the green bottle Sprite is
better Junior this is stupid you can't
afford to keep doing this every time I
only drink three Sprites a day Cody
Junior that's 180 a day well Cody look
this clear bottle Sprite tastes like
Diet Sprite it's crap and I'm not
drinking it's like a water bottle and
the Sprite company to stop being cheap
okay well you can always just drink the
can
it's a good idea not the canned thing
again just try it can you shut the [ __ ]
up Cody I want the bottle Sprite
okay wait wait wait you want the green
Sprite right I need a Sprite and a green
bottle I won't drink unless the bottle's
green okay okay I have an idea
this will make junior shut up about his
stupid Sprite
oh Junior I found a green Sprite Cody
where did you find a green Sprite at oh
I don't know oh my God can you get more
oh yeah whenever you want one buddy this
is so amazing thank you so much Cody
Joseph I finally get to take a sip out
of a green Sprite it's been years it's
been like nine minutes
oh my God that's so amazing oh it's the
best thing I've ever tasted thank you
Cody I'm gonna run around tell the world
I'm so happy
wait dude where did you get that green
sprite from it's just a clear bottle
that I colored green oh you slide double
you but are you gonna really color the
bottle every time he wants one well yeah
because that's what friends are for
bibbity Boppity boop beep
wait what was that dude oh that was my
outro you know like a cartoon like the
screen goes all black and then like a
little circle closes in on my face
[Music]
thank you
[Music]