hey mommy hey Daddy you guys want some
Cheerios no o I'd like some Jeffy okay
Mommy here you go what Jeffy what are
you doing Mommy said she wanted some
Cheerios she said like in a bowl well
she didn't say that plus that's too many
instructions Marvin he was just trying
to be nice Jeffy you're going to get a
vacuum and you're going to clean up all
this mess what's your vacuum it's a
machine that sucks and makes a loud
noise oh so like a hooker no Jeffy like
a vacuum it has like a big nozzle on it
okay I'll go get it he's going to clean
up every single one of these Cheerios
all right I got the vacuum that's a leaf
BL come
on what I got the vacuum like you said
that's a leaf blower why don't see any
leaves Marin he was just trying to help
stop taking it side you always take it
side there's someone at the door Jeffy
go get the real vacuum and clean up all
this mess hello hey Marvin oh sorry
Goodman I don't have my house payment
this month well it's okay Marvin I'm not
here to take money from you I'm actually
here to give you money give me money
yeah let me introduce you to someone
Chief watchup pee I am chief what you be
and he does I took a piss earlier he
watched me the whole time H hi so what's
going on well he's wanting to buy your
house demolish it and then build a
casino on it this land will make great
Casino well I don't want to sell my
house I like my house well he's offering
you $50 million $50 million people love
Casino oh okay I'll sign it right now
give me a pen well hold on Marvin we
want to give you this contract and then
you talk it over with your family and
then we come back later and pick up the
contract contct well no no no I know I
want to do it I don't have to talk it
over with them I'll sign it right now no
no no Marvin you have to wait 10 minutes
and talk it over with your family and
also you can't let anything happen to
this contract because the chief will not
make another one nope I only make one
yeah you see that little ink stained
down there his pin leaked a little bit
of Ink on the paper and he didn't even
print out another one so I can't let
anything bad happen to this contract no
and he also forgot to put the sign here
line so we had to write that in
ourselves so how about I just sign it
right now so nothing bad happens to it
no Marvin you you have to talk it over
with your family because hopefully
something hilarious will happen uh okay
we'll be back in 10 minutes okay
nothing's going to happen to this
contract baby baby baby what Marvin
Jeffy I told you to clean up all these
Cheerios well I'm trying to eat them as
fast as I can Marvin what is this okay
some Indian guy wants to tear down the
house and build a casino Marvin you
can't say that it's Native American not
Indian well what about Cowboys and
Indians no you can't say that anymore
well we said that our whole lives but
Marvin they're not from India okay
listen some guy with a feather in his
hat wants to tear down our house and
build a casino aw but I love this house
baby he wants to give us $50 million and
he said that we got to think about it
Marvin we do have to think about it you
have to think about what color pen you
want to use how about Green for the
money
[Applause]
B and there I signed it it looks perfect
Marvin so now all we got to do is wait 9
minutes and they're going to bring us
$50 million what possibly could go wrong
in 9 minutes oh you have no idea
sister Heat's playing I'm making heat
Burgers heat heat heat heat heat wait
what's that oh oh oh oh well then Jimmy
that's a very important document Jeffy
Harvin go get it where is it where is it
Chevy have you seen a document oh you
talking about this Chevy put the fire
out my bad put it I was making
Burgers oh my God what what am I going
to do you understand that contract was
worth $50 million I didn't know I was
over here making heat
Burgers did you get the paper Marvin
uh-huh oh my God what happened to it it
got burned in a fire well don't worry
Marvin just call the guy I'm sure he'll
print out a new one you won't believe
this goofy [ __ ] the guy doesn't believe
in two contracts he only makes one
that's just silly Marvin I'm sure if he
really wants this house he'll print out
a new contract but you don't understand
he said he'd only ever make one but I
guess you're right if I just call
Goodman and explain what happened maybe
he can convince the Indian to make
another one Native American Marvin I
don't whatever okay I'm going to get my
phone so you really think they're going
to destroy the contract in 10 minutes
less than 10 minutes every time I drop
something valuable off here they always
find a way to screw it up I don't know
what the hell goes on in that house this
one time I had a dog I didn't want
anymore so instead of taking it to a
pound I brought it here and told Marvin
that it was worth $2 million and that I
would give him $50,000 to watch it for
me and when I came back they had shaved
the dog and put a red nose on it and
told me it was a reindeer you've got to
be kidding me I'm not so remind me again
what is our bet if they destroy the
document in 10 minutes or less you owe
me $50 million but if they don't you owe
me 50 million yep I love gambling on
stupid [ __ ] me too oh look look who's
calling it's Marvin there's no way oh
get ready to pay up hey Marvin uh Hey
Goodman uh are you around the Indian
Native American the Native American
Chief watch you pee uh no Marvin I'm all
alone I can tell by the sound of his
voice that contract is already destroyed
I really can't believe they think my
name is Chief watchup be my name is Greg
so uh there was kind of an accident and
the contract got burned in a fire so I
was wondering if I I know he said that
he doesn't make copies but is there just
a chance that Chief watchup PE could
just make a copy just this once pay the
[ __ ] up I really can't believe you're
right but a deal is a deal I'll go ahead
and transfer the money right now unless
you want to go double or nothing oh
you're on I bet that he'll destroy a
second copy of the contract within 5
minutes there's no way he destroys it
that quick hey Marvin I'm going to do
you a solid I got a secret copy of the
contract I'll bring it to you but you
have to promise me that you won't
destroy this one oh my God thank you
Goodman yes I promise I'll take care of
this one I won't let anything happen to
it I promise all right Marvin I'm on my
way stupid [ __ ] he's such an idiot thank
you so much Goodman thank you baby he's
bringing a second contract see Marvin I
told you all you had to do was believe
you were right that's him with the
contract hello Goodman hey Marvin I'm
doing you Wicked solid by bringing you
the copy of this contract this is the
absolute last copy of the contract that
we have so so you better take care of it
are you laughing no I'm just I'm just
trying to tell you the importance of the
last copy that we have this is the last
copy that will ever be in existence so
you got to think about it and then sign
it and then get it back to me in 5
minutes cuz I'll be here with the chief
no no no I want to sign it right now so
so nothing happens to it m you you got
to think about it you got to take this
inside and think about it with your
family okay but I I just can sign it
right now no you can't like by law you
can't I have to leave and you have to
take this and you have to sign it and
you got to think about it
okay hey Greg I told him that there
weren't any more copies anywhere ever
but we have a whole stack of them right
here I know
okay baby I got the second contract oh
thank God Jeffy go to your room you mad
at me yes I'm mad at you why cuz you
turn on the leaf lower why I do that I
don't know why you turn on the leaf
lower lower I hardly know Jeffy go to
your room okay baby give me the pen here
you go I'm about to sign it okay but
this Pen's not working oh my god oh no
the pen broke it leaked all over the
paper Marvin calm down I'll get the
white out hurry hurry hurry oh my God
okay Marvin see here's the white out
there's no need to be a Mr Grumpy pants
it's made for these situations so
explain to me what it's going to do it's
going to White out that stain but then
the paper is just going to be white yeah
well we can write the words in after
okay I I guess that's better than just
the ink okay so here you just take a
little bit and oh my God Marvin Pi up
pick you [ __ ] oh are you mad at me yes
I'm mad at you why cuz you spell white
out on the paper why did I do that just
leave oh my my God now there's ink and
white out on the paper I'm just going to
have to call Goodman and ask if he can
give me another contract God I hope he
has another copy oh Goodman I think I'm
going to get my money back this time I
highly doubt it oh look who's calling me
it's Marvin and I doubt he's calling me
to tell me that the contract is safe or
signed hello Marvin hey Goodman listen I
know you gave me a copy of the contract
and you told me it was the absolute last
copy of it but you you won't believe
this I was trying to sign the contract
and then my pin broke and ink got
everywhere and then I tried to put white
out over the ink and it just got
everywhere and so the whole contract's
ruined and I was just wondering is there
any chance like any chance at all that
you have one last copy of the contract
well isn't that the goofiest [ __ ] I've
ever heard triple or nothing I promise
you if we give him another contract he
will destroy it within 1 minute there's
no way but you're on okay Marvin you
won't believe it but I have one more
copy shut the [ __ ] up oh sorry it's
[ __ ] bananas and I'll bring it to you
but you have to take care of this one we
have no more after this oh my god really
okay thank you so much I'll take care of
it I can't believe he had another one oh
that's him hello just take it I promise
I won't let anything bad happen to it
mhm I bet literally no like I promise
nothing bad will happen to this all
right you just do your best champ I
promise you don't have to worry about
anything God I love that man he keeps me
Rich okay I got an erasable pin so if I
make any Stakes I can erase it and
jeffy's not around there's no one else
around I'm going to sign it and I'm
going to get my $50
million okay it is signed so I'm just
going to go downstairs and wait and not
let anything happen to this
contract hello hello sir I'm a paper
shredder salesman not interested who who
whoa wait wait wait wait wait this bad
boy can shred any piece of paper you
want me to show you is that piece of
paper you have there no go away jeez
what was his problem nothing is going to
destroy this contract nothing okay I
think that might be Goodman hello hey
Marvin we're here for the contract did
you sign it I sure did no way Goodman
you owe me $150 million you actually
signed the contract and took care of it
what about the paper shredder guys in
here that didn't work hey that's
cheating it doesn't matter he didn't
fall for it what's going on listen we're
both Rich [ __ ] so we like to bet on
stupid things and so I bet $50 million
that you would destroy that contract
within 10 minutes and you actually
destroyed it and then he said double or
nothing and then you destroyed it again
and then we said triple or nothing and
then you signed it I'm out of here sore
loser Hey listen I'm sorry for
everything I put you through today but
you made me a lot of money so here's 10
grand what about the contract it wasn't
notorized oh by the way my name's Greg
oh okay I mean at least I got $10,000
[Music]
he
[Music]