your question what yeah you can't play
on shine playing outside playing outside
yeah you can't I play outside because I
really want to know Jeffy Danny won't
let me play outside Danny on Sean stay
outside Danny won't let me play outside
cuz he is Hawking fine [ __ ] five yeah
they replace the first letter of the
last to work doesn't you are [ __ ]
folk Jeffy you're grounded you meant to
say something bad okay tell me what I
meant I can tell you what you meant
because you told me what you meant
don't you mean Amit cuz your breath
smells like poop okay now you're super
grounded Jeff alright Daniel and go get
my cape a cape I need to keep our young
super grounded alright I'm taking your
cap you know we're gonna watch TV
alright then we'll cat least watch The
Fairly OddParents we're not watching The
Fairly OddParents we're watching Netflix
Wow hi guys I'm Joe my lover's calling
me Joe exotic and I'm selling Tigers I
got Tony the Tiger right here going for
$2,000 and I sell them to anybody except
for that Carol basket I swear to god she
fed her husband to the Tigers somebody
better look into that anyway
outsell the Tigers anybody coming back
from Joe Joe exotic that's me Oh Danny I
want a pet tiger Geoffrey you're not
getting a pet tiger they're super
dangerous and they cost like $2,000 but
Daniel who $2,000
[ __ ] Jeffy I know you can afford a pet
tiger but you're not getting one because
they're dangerous Danny you want to know
it's dangerous
oh this paper I could get a paper cut
from all this paper Jeff you're not
buying a pet tiger and that's final
okay if you don't let me buy a pet tiger
I'm just gonna go buy like 2000 don't do
that look okay fine you win I'll go buy
you a pet tiger okay
really dad you're gonna buy me a pet
tiger yep just just we're here and I'm
gonna get you a pet tiger PB all right
Jesse here's your pet tiger
Danny am i stupid yes when's my birthday
August 20 ously I wasn't yesterday I was
not born yesterday day daddy's not a
tiger that's a kitty cat Jeffy it is a
tiger look Keith Orange well character
are they Tigers no I ain't a joke
because I don't ever remember Bugs Bunny
chewing on a tiger going my job doc Jeff
this is a tiger I bought up in the zoo
oh you bought from the Jew Danny all
right well let me call the zoo and see
if they sold you a tiger minute ago
though oh hello this is the zoo oh you
just shown a tiger just a weird guy with
a red hat with an M on it no we're not
allowed to sell hi guys all right thanks
liar we're good I got up on the pound
his name is pumpkin and he was free to a
good home you feed me green beans you
make me do homework I would want to live
here and now you're dizzy
let me see let me get rid of him yeah
get him out here Danny I'm going in
tiger
okay I guess I can give her my friend
who likes cats good all right I'll go
get him come on bring me back a tiger
come on pumpkin let's go thank you so
much for my dinner I'm gonna make catchy
I heard you like cats so I gave them to
you oh thank you you're gonna be really
yummy Oh see you later
all right Jeffy I got rid of the cat but
you're still not getting it from some
guy named Joe whoa look why'd you buy a
dangerous tiger guys want your mess
around Mikey cats are wounded tiger
Jeffy they're dangerous you have to get
rid of them right now hey I've already
named him
what's your name em or zebra good you
live talking orange zebra Jimmy that's
noisy but that's a tiger he's really
Daggers you get rid of him now he's not
dangerous
I've already taught him how to play
fetch with rubber duckie Jeffy that's a
chicken hey orange Ebro fetch
oh yeah see this dude he's orange his
name is or notification she's really
funny chosen like bit of a song yes I
walk around the neighborhood why because
he might
he's not gonna bite anyone neighborhood
he only buys people to say hello so come
on come on zebra take your pees and
poops well on zebra said you had your
dinner it's time for me to have my
dinner so let's go talk to chef peepee
okay hey chef baby what are you doing
I'm just making a beef flip burger
Julian you know vegan wait what's the
beef Liz burger oh it's a burger with no
meat weather what's it made out of it's
made out of plants to you that doesn't
look like a solid check PB it's not a
salad Junior it's a burger with no meat
is made out of plates okay well it looks
like a bundt cookie yeah oh you just had
dinner so you know that that's his like
is dessert chef peepee Tigers only eat
meat even what you're discussing beef is
cookie look it's going to eat my feet
you fool little buddy fit that up come
for his food I know it's bad I know he's
probably talking about chunks of shirt
in his mouth or something like that
come on boy I tell you before you saw
I'm so sorry you had a small shape if
he's cooking okay Junior oh hey Jeffy
how was your zebra oh he's good he
already had dinner he ate somebody
that's cool no I got a laser pointer
let's play wheelman oh that's so cool oh
he's chasing you
there's someone at the door hello Oh
Corky my my name is Simmons and I'm from
the zoo and I received a call from a guy
named Mario
there's a wall target residing in your
house and I need to come inside and take
it because it's a very dangerous animal
but take it no there's no tiger in this
house are you sure yes I'm sure
all right work you're so sure the pinky
promise oh I don't
oh well then I don't believe you unless
you pinky promise well then I'm coming
in anyway to take a look but no what are
you doing
smell in the air for Tigers they have a
very distinct smell almost like frosted
flakes well there's no tiger in this
house
and there was a tiger like especially
upstairs I would hope that Jeff would
hide them - the guy doesn't see us
are you talking to Mike no one but
there's no tiger in this house so you
should you might as well just leave no
I'm on to another clue the smells coming
from in here but this is the pantry
frosted fries all think he's in here
oh I know how to get him out that was my
stomach growling because I didn't have
breakfast this morning
that's no stomach oh I've ever heard
that's the sound of a tiger is that a
laser pointer yeah yeah it's on my head
What's Wrong Jesse bald-headed booger
liquor came and stole my tiger that bear
was karabast
no Jeffy I called to get rid of your
tiger Jose ooh that got real orange
jeepers
yes Jeffy the tiger was really dangerous
so I got rid of Jeff you are you doing
I'm asking God to hold me back from
punching you and that big brown Popeyes
biscuit nose of yours
what father instead of punching you in
the face I'm gonna go get my cat piano
and sing you a song like a civilized
adult it's only dedicated to my daughter
dad you made me get rid of my tiger
rid of mine tiger ran oh my god daddy
made me get rid of my Turkish he is
[ __ ] fine
[Music]