they're always past due Karen well
pointy we need to make more money well I
already have like 50 jobs Karen I'm
already a cop a doctor a firefighter
what else do you want me to do well we
can
well like what sell the couch oh yeah
boy we'd sell the couch we can make like
100 500 is not gonna be enough to cover
these bills Karen well we could sell
some of you Nick this boy and maybe you
can quit drinking okay well I'm never
gonna quit drinking but I guess I could
sell some of my knickknacks I mean I do
have something that's worth money what
is it pointy let me go get it I have Tom
Brady's last Super Bowl touchdown ball
oh my God
what do you mean Karen you don't
remember when Antonio Brown came to my
hotel after the Super Bowl and gave me
his jersey in this ball well that was
nice of him yeah well how much is the
bowl worth Boyne well the ball itself is
probably worth about a million dollars
oh my God
oh my god well it's just one little
problem Karen what's that boydy this
damn signature what's wrong with this
Antonio Brown's signature oh
unfortunately why unfortunately well you
see Karen he's a super Gremlin now
what's a super Gremlin well I'm not
entirely sure but if he is in fact a
gremlin I guess somebody fed him after
midnight because he tore off his clothes
and ran across the field during a
football game he did that oh yeah take a
look yeah see that's him right there
yeah there he is he's on demon time well
maybe it was hot outside yeah maybe but
that still doesn't really explain why he
whipped his wiener out at a public pool
and stuck it in a lady's face well
that's inappropriate it sure is and so
is throwing patio furniture off the 14th
floor of a condo endangering the people
below well Bonnie I'm sure that's not
gonna affect how much the bowl is worth
yeah you're right I'm sure him punching
a moving truck driver in the face and
throwing rocks at the truck probably
didn't affect the price of the ball
either Boyne I'm telling you someone's
gonna
ball ball yeah maybe somebody will I
guess I'll take it to a pawn shop and
see what they'll get me for it hey
welcome to the pawn shop what do you got
for me well I actually have Tom Brady's
last Super Bowl touchdown ball whoa damn
that's got to be worth at least a
million okay I'll take it in cash please
wait what's this that that is uh that
that's one of the other players
signatures like I don't know whose that
is wait is that Antonio Brown's
signature no no no definitely not that's
um that's number 18 yeah that's Tyler
Johnson the ball's just upside down no
that's definitely Antonio Brown's
signature yeah I don't want this ball
especially not after he bought an arena
football team and didn't pay any of the
players yeah he did do that and you know
all of the assault charges yeah those
yeah there are those but what about the
ball though huh okay look if you can get
Tom Brady to sign this ball then it
would be worth a million dollars but Tom
Brady's Never Gonna sign this ball yeah
I know that's your problem okay but like
what if Tom Brady didn't sign the ball
how much would it be worth then you
would have to pay me five dollars to
take this ball okay I guess I'll try to
get Tom Brady to sign it well Karen I
got good news and bad news what's the
good news the good news is the pawn shop
will give me a million dollars for this
ball
sweet why is the boss still here well
you see Karen that's the bad news they
will only give me a million dollars if
Tom Brady also signs the ball but that's
your Brady oh
I'm Brady but you know who doesn't love
they have to love each other oh yeah
you'd think especially because Antonio
Brown didn't have a job before Tom Brady
got him signed to the Buccaneers and let
him live in Tom Brady's house and then
they went on to win a Super Bowl
together so you'd think they'd be really
good friends yeah but see they're not
because Antonio Brown mocked Tom Brady
about his divorce that's horrible oh
gets worse Karen he also photoshopped
his head on Tom Brady's body and
pictures of him and his wife together
that's a little weird yeah it is and so
is this kid's book cover he photoshopped
that says Daddy doesn't live here
anymore and shows Tom Brady leaving his
house and Antonio Brown Living in his
house implying that he is now the father
of Tom Brady's children that's so mean
yeah it is and so is this he posted a
picture of him hugging Tom Brady's wife
after this Super Bowl so there's no way
Tom Brady signing this goddamn ball boy
get being silly he's not gonna recognize
that signature that could have been any
of the players he put his number next to
it boy you just gotta try it he won't
care yeah okay maybe you're right well
luckily Tom Brady does have a public
signing today so I guess I'll take the
ball there and try my luck all right
everyone in line to meet Tom Brady
remember one signature per person ma'am
do you know who Tom Brady feels about
signing Antonio Brown balls sir you're
gonna have to wait your turn that's not
what I asked oh wow I see you have
an Antonio Brown signed ball too oh yeah
this is actually his last Super Bowl
touchdown ball oh awesome I have one of
his playoff game touchdown balls do you
think Tom Brady is going to sign it
listen man I don't know that's what I'm
wondering too next in line oh wish me
luck okay I want to see how this goes
because if he doesn't sign that kids
ball he's not gonna sign mine all right
sir this is Timmy oh hey there Timmy oh
my God hi Mr Brady I'm your big to spin
15 seconds Sir okay let's hurry this up
you want me to sign something oh yes
will you sign my bowl sure thing champ
wait what the is this Antonio
Brown's signature uh yeah get the
out of my face you brat you're a
fan of him you're not a fan of me Sarah
learn this ball and tell this kid he can
never see me again on it sir wait Mr
Brandy no please get the out of
here I wouldn't kiss you if you asked me
next all right next in line uh I I
actually just want a picture okay all
right sir this guy just wants a picture
oh what's wrong you don't want old
Tommy's autograph oh no sir Mr Brady I
think a picture will be just fine say
cheese sorry my smile wasn't good enough
that kid in front of you pissed me off
because he wanted me to sign that
Antonio Brown ball oh yeah what an
 I would never do that uh sir did
you drop this no that's not mine that's
not mine you should just throw that away
okay but what trash can though it was
very nice meeting you Mr Brady oh man
ma'am I actually want that back you said
it wasn't yours I lied well how do I
know you're not lying now well you were
gonna throw it in the trash who cares
your ball signed uh no but I did get
this selfie oh that's
oh that's a picture pointy but why
didn't you get your ball signed I asked
he cost out a child Karen what are your
grown ass man you could have asked
nicely well if you would cuss out a
child imagine what he'd do to me Bonnie
we need that million dollars I bought
hula without
adds money well wait what if you sold
the ball he is never gonna sign this
ball Karen well boy what if he removed
the signature well Karen it's permanent
marker it's not coming off it's
permanent well we could cover it with a
Band-Aid hmm let me think about how that
would go sure I'll sign your ball wait
what's under this Band-Aid Antonio
Brown's signature you you thought
you could trick me you son of a
I'll kill you yeah we're not gonna do
that Bonnie I could go and ask him to
sign it because I'm a girl I'm hot and
he's single you're not a Brazilian
supermodel Karen well that's rude no I
think there's only one way I can get
this ball signed how I'm gonna have to
kidnap Tom Brady what I'm gonna kidnap
Tom Brady and force him to sign the ball
in order to be let go booty you can't do
that I am gonna do it I'm gonna kidnap
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr and who's
gonna help
I know just the guy
uh hello you've been standing there for
like five minutes oh sorry I was just
waiting for the transition yeah I need
your help kidnapping Tom Brady what
kidnapping
Tom well you see I had this last Super
but signed by Antonio Brown which means
it's pretty much worthless unless it's
also signed by Tom Brady so I need to
kidnap Tom Brady and force him to sign
it well why do you need my help well who
am I gonna paint it on if I get caught
what what look I just need your help
kidnapping Tom Brady well do you have
any good ideas to kidnap Tom Brady while
I was thinking we could set up a kissing
booth and hire his son but we're just
gonna make so much money because Tom
Brady is going to be there all day
kissing his son on the mouth which he
often does frequently okay well I have a
better idea what if we tie a string
around a football and throw it in the
yard and then maybe Tom Brady will grab
it we can pull him in oh that could work
Tom Brady loves football all right
Marvin throw the ball in the yard okay
the
all right now let's go wait upstairs
just going from a nightly stroll is that
a football I love footballs blue 42 say
it he grabbed the football Marvin Pull
It in pull it wait wait what am I
getting out of helping you kidnap
tomorrow I'll give you 10 grand just
pull it in okay whoa
Bland Marvin pull it pull it oh he's a
big boy he's a big boy bring him in
bring him in okay we got him we're gonna
tie them up what the hell why'd you guys
tie me up uh Mr Brady we need you to do
something for us what you need my help
getting in shape tb12 method no I need
you to sign my football wait I remember
you you were at my sign in why didn't
you just ask me then well because Mr
Brady it's a football that Antonio Brown
also signed what the no
Mr Brown no way Jose
not we'll just sign it no way not in a
million years oh no account and no
circumstance it's just a quick not by
any means not for all the tea in China
not under any circumstances not on your
luck not on your Nelly Over My Dead Body
when hell freezes over certainly not
hell no I don't think so not For Love or
Money not in any way forget it God
forbid never no indeed no thanks not at
all Not For a Moment not really at no
time you're no Pig's Eye no negative no
fear no siree nope not under any
circumstances not over one's dead body
hold the chili hold the cream hold the
mustard what I'm good in no case in no
why I don't think he wants to sign it
yeah I don't think he does what if we
offered you money to sign it I don't
want money I want Antonio Brown to
Suffer Well Mr Brady I have his Super
Bowl Jersey what if I traded it for you
so you could like wipe your ass with it
okay I like that idea I'm gonna wipe my
butt with it okay you got yourself a
deal okay I'll get it okay Mr Brady I
got your jersey it says Brown that's the
color of the stinky I'm gonna take
on it anyway I signed your ball so bye
oh my God Marvin he actually signed it
let me see let me see let me see burn in
hell yeah but look he still signed it
yeah but it says burning hell on her I
don't even care you know what I don't
even think I'm gonna sell this this
adventure's been too much fun guys look
nice
[Music]
his ass with Antonio Brown's Super Bowl
Jersey and then auctioned it off for two
million dollars wow he sold that fast
you think he'd wipe his ass with my ball
probably not oh well I'm gonna take it
home and show my wife Karen Karen Karen
he signed it really
see look boy and Hell Boy
why wouldn't that well it might be
because we kidnapped him or he may have
been talking to Antonio Brown okay but
bunny how are we gonna sell this bowl
for a million
no well Karen I made the decision I
don't want to sell the ball it means too
much to me but boy
oh maybe I can pick up another
Karen you don't have feet but Boyne I
can download stock images of feet and
sell them online
[Music]