so God's what do you want to do today
Junior yeah whatever you want to do do
guys you want to see the new toy my dad
bought me yeah it's a remote-control
helicopter see what is so awesome grows
yeah no I want to wait for you guys to
see it okay well fly it
okay it's a controller right here
can I try it first well Cody it's my toy
I kind of want to fly it first okay but
you can play first oh really
yeah okay I don't really know how to
press the button I don't know how to fly
it either wait you don't know how to fly
it
I have a play with it yet I just got
done charging for the first time oh okay
Oh Junior the fan is on we should
probably turn that off so I don't crash
into no I'll just fly around it really
okay it's fine yeah boy hey everybody
stand back okay do what are you gonna do
if you actually broke his toy didn't
mean to
- that's destroy I know Cody look what
you did I didn't know what I was doing
you know you were doing No
then why'd you say you let me fly your
helicopter I thought cops all the time I
love flying helicopters Junior I never
said that you said my dad's helicopter
pilot he lets me find his helicopters
jinyu you know my dad's not a helicopter
pilot I wouldn't say that and I never
even got to play with it I was about to
fly it for the first time then you grab
the controller like a wild animal and
said I'm gonna fly it for the first time
but I didn't do that Junior I asked you
nicely if I could play with it and then
you said no and immediately said yes for
some reason and then you crashed it on
purpose right into the ceiling fan I
don't know why you didn't turn off the
ceiling fan junior I asked you if we
should turn up the ceiling fan and you
said no no you said junior it's really
hot in here I'm not gonna try the
ceiling fan Jimmy did you hit your head
or something I didn't say any of these
things
you broke my foil purpose and I want
your admit I didn't break it on purpose
so you're saying it's not broken
let me see let me see let me see if it's
broken wait wait it's not flying what
Cody why isn't flying because it's
broken it was broken because it flew
into the ceiling fan and who for the
ceiling fan I did the by accident you
broken up purpose you said I love
breakage in your toys usually with you
we're either gonna stop being friends or
you have to admit hey my name's Cody and
I like breaking toys on purpose because
I hate jr. look jr. I'm not gonna say
that so I guess we're gonna stop being
friends well
you broke my toy okay I would be your
friend either you'll get your loser
idiot stupid dumb yeah all those names
dude it was an accident shut up Joseph
all my stopping your friend - yeah okay
better not take Cody side I can't
believe you broke my toy it's all broken
I should probably just bury in the
backyard of my 15 pet goldfishes alright
Joseph go home I'll see you at school
tomorrow
okey do believe cool you broke my Troy
on purpose you know what I'm gonna call
the cops on him I'm gonna call the cops
on him somebody call the police
yes officer it's an emergency come
inside okay alright mr. police officer
man I need to file a police report
immediately okay about what my friend
I mean ex-friend broke my toy helicopter
on purpose
he flew it into the ceiling fan no that
was mean I know isn't he me and stupid
and ugly yeah yeah I guess so I want you
to arrest them for destruction of
property well well how old is your
friend - I mean yeah it's like he's -
okay well I can't arrest a two-year-old
for anything
well he's not - he's like 11 I think I
don't know how old he is yeah I'm still
not arresting him well what he destroyed
my toy yeah but it's just a toy
oh okay so if I got your police car and
crashed it into a wall what would you do
okay that would be a very different
situation and you would probably go to
jail for that so why does he go to jail
for breaking my toy cuz it's just a toy
but I want justice
okay you know what I want ice cream and
I have it in my freezer at home Ben and
Jerry's Americone dream it's delicious
it's chocolate-covered waffle cone
pieces in vanilla ice cream with a
caramel swirl mmm delicious you know
what I'm actually gonna go eat that
right now cuz I don't really care about
this that much it's my toy I need a new
one dude it's like 20 bucks just buy
another one well is $30 not even the
police care stupid toy
I hate Cody and I'm gonna hate him for
the rest of my life well go to bed at
school tomorrow
I hate school oh hey jr. oh hey ugly
what are you doing here following me
first off I was here first and also this
is school I have to be here of course
you're at school because you're a nerd
what you're here to June yet oh you guys
are so annoying right Joseph Cody's
voice is so annoying no jr. he means
we're annoying yeah you're weird and
annoying you just said it jr. just shut
up and turn around you can't tell her to
do Cody turn around jr. I don't really
gonna do if I turn around you'll hit me
in the back or something
believe me jr. I don't want to have
anything to do with you okay just don't
look at me you're looking at me right
now look at you jr. I'm looking at the
board you're just in front of me no
you're staring at me look around me stop
checking me out Cody I'm not checking
you out June you're looking at the boys
teacher Cody won't stop staring at me
shut up class I do not care anyway today
you're gonna be doing a solar system
project a project of the solar system in
a month improve all the planets so
Mercury Venus Mars Jupiter Saturn and
your anus ha ha ha
Uranus I bet you like that Cody I do
actually it's my favorite planet you
know what
nice throw blue there you screw over a
little bit sorry teacher Cody's just so
ugly well he was throwing paper balls at
me no I wasn't Cody's lying it's John
Cody since you can't stop arguing
solar system project what I don't want
to work with four-eyes yes jr. Cory are
gonna be partners on the solar system
project is a two-person project Junior
gross
I don't worry partners with Cody I would
be partners with Joseph and I want to be
partners with Cody Cody yeah no see jr.
I'm smart
alright class five we notice a bit corny
can all be partners it's now like three
percent project
yes but means me and Joe's him get to
work on the project no me and Joseph did
you work on the project
no me and Joseph to work on the project
no no alright the solar system project
is due tomorrow so make sure you clean
all the planets and remember he's 50% of
your grade I'll see you tomorrow
so Joseph how do you want to do this
project jr. I'm part of the project to
do Joe's have you get in the middle
wait why do I don't want to be by the
nerd okay okay guys so what are we gonna
do for our project hey Joseph I'm hungry
man you should go in the kitchen and eat
something
oh do let's do it you know I'm always
hungry guys we should probably get
started on the project Joseph do you
hear something annoying uh no but coach
read it out to you yeah Cody's the
annoying guy I don't want to hear Cody
talk guys we need to get the project
done
hey Joseph let's go in the kitchen let
me and you get something to eat nothing
can you go get me and Joseph something
to eat Wow what do you want what kind of
food can you get me and Joseph a happy
meal just you guys yeah yeah just me and
Joseph only me and Joseph just us two
not Kelly definitely not Cody Cody's not
here okay I'll get you stupid Happy
Meals
yeah just me and Joseph only me and
Joseph alright Julian Joseph here's your
Happy Meals
oh man chef baby you got me at Joseph
not you happy meals why are you talking
like that
wait where's my happy meal wait coach
dream didn't tell me you were here
oh yeah I bet he did it wait do you want
something to eat this yeah no yes I do
no he doesn't he's not hungry what's
going on guys all right Chevy this was
happening
Cody's on a diet oh I'm not every time
he tries to eat we have to try to stop
oh look I don't care about this okay
leave me alone
Junior I didn't say that I am hungry I'm
missing I misunderstood you then
Junior I have to eat something okay well
you can eat this meow mixed in Jenny are
not eating meow mix well it's real food
instead it's made with real chicken and
beef sauce you know I don't care it's
cat food I'm not eating it okay we could
eat this or the helicopter that you
broke but junior I didn't mean to break
it
well I didn't mean to touch that baby
that you weren't here but yes you did
eat all food and start our project okay
okay oh man Joseph now that our bellies
are full of happy meals and cat food now
we can start on our project so Joseph
what do you think we should use as
planets for a project ooh I had an idea
I thought we could use these foam balls
and paint them to look like planet oh do
- as I find that sounds like lame you
don't wish youth we use M&Ms whoo look
at all the colorful planets do this wait
more fun tastier also look they have M's
on them it stands for Mars
the letters are already on it yet it's
Em's for Mars and Mercury all the
planets where's the J for Jupiter what
yeah where's the J on the M&Ms for
Jupiter
they didn't make one for Jupiter's Cody
there's only M's for Eminem's yeah
margin mercury yeah yeah we're using
M&Ms are cool in there already different
colors we'd have to pay them up your
stupid idea yeah well at least these are
shaped like planets and they're bigger
well they're shaped like plants and also
these are tastier projects not supposed
to be tasty Junior it's supposed to be
accurate well these are accurate they
have all the colors for all the planets
look like that there's
son it's yellow is that the planet then
we got blue for Earth and then we got
orange for Jupiter and red for Mars yeah
Junior I think we should just use these
okay how about this how about we just do
two different project you do your own
project and we do our project that's
cooler and way better and without you
well then it wouldn't be a group project
we're supposed to be in it together no
no we're not I didn't hear the teacher
saying with be together Jota did you
hear the teacher say we're to be
together yeah
what no never mind no yes Felix oh man
Joe sir we'll be on our own cool the
cool group the cool group without Cody
and you'll be in the lame nerdy group
but then we're gonna have two projects
yeah so then what should what project is
better at the end it's gonna be ours
because ours is cooler yeah because we
got em yeah yeah okay fine I'm gonna
work on mine by myself and whoever
finishes first wins and I'm warning you
jr. I always finish first all right
whatever Cody's stupid nerd all right
Joseph he's right the M&Ms are kind of
too small so we need to go find some
better planet stuff okay okay all right
all right
I think we're done with our solar system
project dude yeah guys the project going
oh hey don't touch it hey Cody are you
here to steal our idea no well then why
are you here cuz I wanted to see what
you did what we're done so look at it
wait this is done I thought it was just
a collection of trash and sports
equipment no it's done look at it read
it and weep yeah okay the Sun is a
basketball yeah cuz orange okay and
Jupiter is a pokeball
yeah because Jupiter has a big spot so
there's the spot for Jupiter all right
wait you spelled Earth wrong and why is
Earth the tennis ball anyway because
Earth's covered in grass and tennis
balls feel like grass kind of okay sure
wait why is Saturn a football where are
the rings where the Rings ask Tom Brady
huh um Tom Brady I won six Super Bowl oh
yeah your talk was that really Tom Brady
yeah he held a little project isn't it
sick but wait Junior why is there a
little blue M&M over there oh that's
Pluto Junior Pluto's not a planet yes it
is but no it's not yes it is it's really
not doing okay well yeah whatever go do
be wrong on your project well I'm
actually done with my project but you
are you started on it I didn't just
start I finished what finished yeah yeah
come check it out Oh Joseph uh even if
it's good well valid okay I got you bro
all right guys this is my project oh
this is so sick
the coolest present I ever seen I mean
is I yeah I think it's pretty good I
mean I rushed it so it could be better
but I wrote facts about all the planets
so I think it's pretty good
well I think it's dumb what yeah it's
stupid like why the Sun like half a
circle it's not a full circle well I did
that so it would stick to the board and
why these stars so close to the planet
start on that of course the planets
smoke they're supposed to be the labels
for the planet and that rocket ship is
like bigger than Earth it's just dumb I
think it's stupid wait wait I think it's
pretty cool dude what yeah it's way
better than that
stupid project we should turn this one
in what yeah we should turn in mine
I like ours no I'm throwing away ours
dude I'm gonna go ahead and throw it
away right now what yeah Joseph you're
right we should throw away juniors
garbage project though ours is called
Joseph this one is pretty cool but I'm
not gonna Cody know that you know what
I'm gonna destroy it
oh yeah how I'm gonna destroy it let's
pick up a project and take it to school
okay dude what did you do what are you I
didn't do anything oh really because it
looks like someone took a mallet and
smashed my project and there's the
mallet over there Oh guys I think I know
what happened I think somebody broke in
through that window and then smashed
your project with a mallet
someone you mean you I wouldn't do this
I don't break other people's stuff like
you did to my helicopter Junior I told
you that was an accident
okay well then this is an accident I
accidentally smashed a project with a
mallet
wait so you admit you did it well I was
blindfolded I was walking around the
room swinging my mouth and I smashed a
project accidentally junior school
starts in 20 minutes we need something
to turn in what we could just turn in me
in Joseph's project dude I am not
showing up for school I'm outta here
okay we're gonna turn something in we're
gonna fail okay we can turn this in we
can't turn this in Junior you destroyed
it
well okay well it was an accident so
don't think I did it on purpose Junior
you still did it okay well then I'll
figure something out okay you better
figure something out this school is
starting I'll meet you at school what
I'm gonna do you know what this is all
Cody's fault because if you weren't I
broke my helicopter I would have broke
his project so you know what I'm not
doing
I'm not doing anything all right
crap I hope you all did your solar
system project now I'm gonna come around
and grade your project all right Jesse
explain your project oh okay well
there's this shine and oh that's all I
know
oh it looks like crap c-minus okay
Junior so what are we gonna tell the
teacher when you find out we don't have
a project we're just go tell them it
you're really ugly it was distracting us
from doing the project all right dude
yeah Korey where your project where
Joseph Joseph is missing but we didn't
do our project cuz Cody's big nose kept
getting in the way no I did the project
and then jr. destroy it I didn't destroy
it was destroyed to begin with it looked
ugly
all right listen I don't care you not
have your project you fail you fail
because you don't have your project so
tell Joseph he fell - well we failed
Junior I have never failed anything in
my entire life you failed at not being
annoying because you're always annoying
ugly whatever Junior my parents are
gonna lose it when they find out about
this
hello hey there is your daddy home no
Cody what are you and your Pig mob doing
here you shut your mouth before I shut
it for you
why are you mom here she saw my grades
yeah and mommy ain't happy and when
mommy ain't happy people get messed up
and I don't know who it's gonna be
now get out of my way there she is that
just barged in the house what do you
want crazy lady well my son told me that
your son made him fail the school
project and my baby never fails anything
he gets straight A's
okay well Julia fills all the time he's
a failure a lot you tell her dad I got
your back son well I'm the mama bear and
this is my little cub and when you mess
with the cub you get the claws okay so
what do you want well it seems like our
sons have been arguing and it needs to
stop right now what did you do Junior I
didn't do anything it's what he did look
what he did you know the helicopter you
Bobby he broke it III go for that yeah
he broke it on purpose and he didn't
even say he was sorry but that's the
first thing I said you know I never
heard you say you're sorry say sorry
again
no I'm not gonna say it again say it
again Cody listen I have some advice for
you sometimes in life you just got to
swallow things to get by so today you're
gonna have to swallow your pride okay
mom
Jr I'm sorry I flew your helicopter into
the ceiling fan on purpose on purpose
okay Cody well I guess I'm sorry that I
broke your project with a mallet okay
thank you well there you go it's settled
this is stupid I'm gonna go back and
watch my TV show Oh Cody I guess we're
glad that we're friends again I guess
it's just a stupid toy yeah all right
now you two have fun
mommy has to go swallow a whole bunch of
her pride to go pay the light bill
see you later Cody left yeah
[Music]