Jeffy did you just pop a balloon no well
don't do it again
Jeff if you pop another balloon you're
grounded I'm not popping my Doom don't
do it again
you are grounded
baby are you okay
she sounds like SpongeBob when he needed
water I need water baby do you need
water
okay I'm gonna get you some water all
right baby here's your glass of water
take a sip
is your voice better
what your voice is still messed up punch
her in your throat what it'll make her
voice better punch her in the throat no
Jeffy she just lost her voice she lost
her voice wow find it no Jeffy you can't
actually find it it's not gone Jeffy is
on the case it didn't run away Jeffy her
voice is just gone because like she
can't talk listen Baby I'ma call a
doctor to fix your voice
did somebody call the doctor
what I I just wanted a cool intro like
oh okay how about this introducing
the doctor
oh how about this here's the doctor can
you just help me okay what's going on my
wife lost her voice
oh yeah she sure did well can you help
her get her voice back I mean it's not
that serious she just lost a voice if
she waits it'll come back I know but
like I didn't know if maybe you had some
like secret doctor things that could
bring it back this is not really an
emergency you know there's people having
like heart attacks and strokes I know I
know I know just can you please get her
voice back it's really annoying hmm okay
I have an idea you come with me to the
bathroom
all right just come with me to the
bathroom
I'm gonna go see what they're doing
[Music]
look the faster you suck it the faster
it'll go away
[Music]
what's going on in here oh hey Marvin I
found some cough drops in your bathroom
and I was gonna see if that helped but
she doesn't like sucking on them because
she thinks it tastes bad Oh I thought
something else was happening here oh
what you thought she saw my [ __ ] all
right you should have seen the look on
your face can you imagine the lawsuits
oh I'd be so screwed let's see if the
cough drop worked
now dang it it didn't work so what are
we gonna do now hold on just let me
think hmm
stupid stupid stupid stupid you're a bad
doctor
no no no you know you're not a bad
doctor look there's got to be something
else we can do for her voice the cough
drops was my only idea come on you can
think of something okay you're right yes
I have an idea come on
okay now just gargle that before it gets
cold what what is that oh that's boiling
salt water it'll help it throat no
you're supposed to gargle warm salt
water not boiling water oh stupid stupid
stupid stupid idiot doctor God I'm so
stupid when I know you're not you just
didn't know yes I am I'm an idiot let's
try something else yeah we'll just try
something else do not try that baby
yeah I don't know what to do now listen
you're a doctor you went to school for
this there's got to be something you
learned about getting people their voice
back huh hold on let me check one of my
medical books I use it all the time it
usually helps huh I don't see how any of
this is supposed to be helpful uh the
the big ones hurt you know because it's
so big my mind doesn't hurt girls they
like that
um the the U.S national average is five
inches so so I have less than that that
makes me special so you're boring if you
have a five inch wiener
um mine is travel size like it doesn't
get in the way it's it's very convenient
you know I can wear sweatpants and you
can't see it like hold on oh oh I got
the wrong book I'm so embarrassed stupid
stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid idiot
doctor with a tiny penis no it's okay no
no it's not okay well actually according
to the book it is okay it's totally fine
it's normal and you don't have to worry
about it but I'm gonna get my phone and
look this up okay just looked it up look
right there it says national average
five inches can we please help my wife
with her voice oh right right hold on
let me just Google that uh lost my voice
oh yeah it's called laryngitis I knew
that oh good steps to get your voice
back step one avoid talking shut up
[ __ ] okay step two moisten the throat
hey Marvin Marvin maybe we should take a
bag to the bathroom huh you know what
I'm saying I'm just kidding that's your
wife okay step three eat hot food oh
that's easy I can get some hot food just
hold on okay I got some nice cold ice
cream
[ __ ] [ __ ] David it's supposed to be hot
food hot food not cold food you stupid
idiot doctor God I'm so [ __ ] stupid
what is wrong with you what is wrong in
your stupid [ __ ] brain no no it's
okay I promise it's okay everything's
fine okay okay I'm good I'm good now it
just is it hot in here is it I feel hot
I just I feel hot turn your AC on a
pissed off I'll turn the AC on go get
some hot food okay okay I'm getting hot
food getting hot food
I'm going to turn on the AC
where is it with what mommy's voice
where is it I don't know Jeffy okay I'm
still looking for it though
my webs don't work Jeffy just go away
okay here's your chicken Schnoodle Snoop
[ __ ] yeah I know oh God I'm having a bad
day I'm just gonna help you and then I'm
gonna go home yeah that'd be smart
here's your spoon
here's your spoon just eat it it'll make
you feel better look just go clean
yourself up okay I will baby you want to
try some hey I cleaned myself up I took
a shower I hope you don't mind I didn't
have a change of clothes so I put on her
bathrobe it kind of fits but I mean you
might see a ball or two but that's okay
because we're Bros right you know I saw
a lot of balls in the locker room in
college that that's actually why I got
this book because I got really insecure
after I saw all the Sledge hammers they
were working with in there then they all
laughed at me and called me tiny Wang
Brookie and I was like it's cold in here
and they were like no it's not you're
taking a hot shower anyway I pissed in
your shower I hope you don't mind you
peed in my shower yeah but I was just
trying to save you water but not using
your toilet at least I didn't poop in
your shower like I do at home you poop
in the shower I said I didn't poop in
your shower I mean I had to but I was
gonna wait till I get home to poop in my
shower why do you poop in the shower hey
you're already getting clean right
what's the point of using the bathroom
then having to wipe you're already in
the shower you can just wipe your butt
in there and clean it off right to One
Stop Shop and then you can just like
wash it down the drain with the shower
head it's like a little video game you
watch the poop through the holes and
then you just waffle stomp it down but I
don't have feet so I just kind of waffle
punch it but you're already getting
clean so it's fine I think it's time for
you to go no no no no no no no no no no
no I would not be be doing my job if I
gave up halfway what if I was doing an
open heart surgery and I gave up halfway
somebody would die but it's just her
voice I said I would help and I'm gonna
help
hey get you shut up you shut shut up you
shut up you shush you shush you you zip
it you hush you put a suck in it break
down put a lid on it bite your tongue
shut your trap quit your yapping not
another peep shut your pie hole put a
cork in it kayak
stop talking
good okay now I don't actually know what
to do next but oh someone's at your door
hold on I'll get it
okay fine we can go get it hello hey
there you're on the hit TV show can your
wife say literally anything oh man I
love this show I watch it with my wife
all the time wait what's going on it's a
TV show called can your wife say
literally anything all the wife has to
do is say any random word and you win a
million dollars and a trip to Fiji what
that's insane yeah but most people screw
it up because they're too shocked that
they're on TV and they mess up or the
wife just isn't home but we can do it
because your wife is here and all she
has to do is say a word oh no Marvin
tell her oh no no okay baby I know you
lost your voice and I know you can't
really talk but I need to go deep down
really hard just try really hard to just
say one single word and we win a million
okay okay man get in front of the camera
no no no no that that was more of a
noise than a word sorry you lose [ __ ]
[ __ ]
I will never get this chance ever again
no baby you couldn't say just one word
oh my god oh that's it I've had it up to
here no no I've had it up to here that's
how far I've had it up to I am so tired
of her not having a voice I'm pissed off
I know we could have got us a million
dollars we could have won a million
dollars could I ever be back on the show
no no no once you're on the show Once
you're never allowed back they never
come back to the same house the show is
so easy they're gonna make it hard
somehow oh darn it I wish you could just
fix her voice I know what I'm gonna do
what throat surgery no no no no that's
way too invasive I don't think no no no
no no no no no no I'm not letting her
voice beat me I've had a hard day and I
want to win I'm gonna cut open her voice
box and put in another one come on we're
doing surgery but baby oh okay the
surgery was a success I cut open a
throat and I stuck an Apple Watch in
there watch you put an Apple Watch in
her throat help it talk well can she
talk oh yeah we can make it talk in any
voice we want with this remote check it
out this is Elmo
okay well how about this it's Mr
meeseeks from Rick and Morty
voice back
[Music]
just give her her normal voice back uh I
don't know if a normal voice is an
option what about this one
um
like an old man can you tell this man to
give me my normal voice back is that the
old man from Family Guy yep that's what
that is just give her her normal voice
back I don't know if I can what about
this one what what voice is this she
sounds like the Gingerbread Man from
Shrek who knew the muffin man wait you
you know the muffin man the one who
lives on Drury Lane well she
the muffin man
huh she's married to the muffin man
ew why'd you spit on me okay listen can
you just give her her normal voice back
please listen you're just gonna have to
get used to these silly voices I don't
think her real one's coming back
I think I know where mommy's voice went
where to go after a long and tireless
investigation I inspector Jeffy have
come to the conclusion that the voice
actress for mommy is out of town but
she's out of town yeah look who's
playing Mommy
wait so so she's not even here so that's
why you haven't sounded like yourself
because your voice is even here wow I
did all this for nothing yeah we didn't
even have to do all this surgery and all
this dumb stuff we could just not used
her in the video don't I feel stupid
this is so dumb thanks for watching
everyone hey everybody thanks for
watching [ __ ]
shut up dude this stupid with a tiny
people
it just sounds stupid
[Music]