Jeffy stop it you're being annoying I'm
bored Danny so I'm smacking my
ner Jeffy how about you just blow a
bubble no M yeah you blow a bubble with
this look you grab that stick and you
put it in the liquid and then you blow
it no you got to blow it like no like no
Jeffy you got to blow like he doesn't
know how to do it here Jeffy just do
this
why does it do that because she blew
bubble so if you could just blow it like
it would work so put more liquid on it
liquid yeah put more liquid now blow no
blow it like Jeffy blow it normal the
right way Jeffy come on hurry up do it
right do it right like
this you got in my eye you [ __ ] guys
fck the
news breaking news okay I am retiring
from being news anchor I've been doing
it for over 15 years and sadly my time
has come to an end so this is Mr Goodman
signing off for the last time okay a the
news gu is retiring that's so sad he was
so good at the news I know who are they
going to get to replace them look
they're about to tell us hey there have
you always wanted to be a news anchor
well now we have a position open so come
on down to the news station if you think
you got what it takes Marvin they're
looking for a new news anchor you should
apply for that job I mean I do have a
shirt and pie and a mustache yeah Marvin
you look perfect you know what I am
going to apply for that job wa Jeffy
stop it stop it can I come only if you
don't put that thing in your nose come
on oh wow a real life news Studio hey
there you hear about the news anchor
position I sure am I even brought my own
tie oh yeah we like ties around here see
I even have one well why don't you be
the news anchor oh no no I could never
I'm no good on camera I get too nervous
I got to do red leather yellow leather
just so I don't stumble over my words
and also the camera adds 10 lb like this
one time my ex-wife went on TV and the
camera added 200 lb God that was a huge
[ __ ] hey when do I get my final
paycheck uh Susan yes sir when does he
get his final paycheck it will be mailed
in 2 weeks mailed that's so slow wait
Goodman why do you want to stop being
the news Anor you're so good at it
Marvin I'm a trillionaire I don't need
this $50,000 a year anchor job oh and by
the way you're still an intern so be at
my office at 8:00 a.m. oh so you already
have a job well no I'm an intern well a
forced intern I want a job that pays
money oh well if you think you got What
It Takes let's see what you got hot
sauce yeah show us what you got yeah
let's hear your best breaking news well
uh what what do I say doesn't matter
make up a new story okay okay I got one
breaking news uh on the way here I lost
my wallet and couldn't find it but I
turned around and kept looking no no no
we did not like that at all well what's
wrong well first of all that story was
so boring it made me want to kill myself
and also you didn't start with breaking
news M K which we're kind of used to
around here can I try no you can't
anything to get that taste out of my
mouth breaking news Okay a c's Peach
employee got caught [ __ ] in the
wings again M yes yes we like that story
very much we were very pleased with that
story you can tell by our big smiles our
big Goofy grins wait wait the story
doesn't make any sense C's Pizza doesn't
even have wings well they should but
look it doesn't matter I like his energy
and the story was entertaining and it
raises so many questions like why didn't
they fire him after the first time he
shat in the wings well the story's made
up well Jeffy you've got the job well he
doesn't even have a shirt and tie oh
we'll get him a shirt and tie Susan get
this man a shirt and tie we go live in
five but sir that's not enough time I
said suit and tie okay she'll be back
with a suit in time almost done almost
done get the it get the it just let do
it Jeffy get the it he doesn't want he
doesn't want it just just go okay could
somebody get him a comb or a brush or
something for that [ __ ] he calls hair I
got
it okay yeah perfect okay Jeffy we're
going to go live soon all you got to do
is just read what's on the teleprompter
okay got it okay we're going live in 3 2
1 we're
[Music]
live go to commercial commercial
commercial
commercial Jeffy what the [ __ ] was that
I got scared well you can't do this job
if you're going to get scared I don't
like the camera looking at me it looks
like a giant eyeball well it has to look
at you that's part of the job well I
don't like it turn it off and I can do
the news no you have to be on the camera
Marvin what are we going to do how about
you hire me to be the news anchor no I
don't want the whole nation to kill
themselves out of boredom we could try
distracting him with this giraffe
stuffed animal that's not going to work
oh giraff giraff give me H it right here
give him the giraff here hey I got me a
Mr G raft on here by D I got me a G ra
okay Jeffy can can you do the news now
yeah I can do the news but my G has to
be on camera with me okay you know what
screw it yeah okay we go live in 3 2 1
we're live hey everybody look I got a Mr
G toy what sound does your GFF make
read the prompter read the
telepromter you know what take take take
away the okay give me the giraff give me
the cut cut go to commercial commercial
commercial okay Jeffy the giraffe is
going to stay right here you can look at
them just don't touch them and read the
teleprompter okay okay I think I can do
it now okay let's do this okay we're
live in 3 2 1 we're
[Music]
live giraffe Jey h no no Jeffy we need
to see you no stop okay Jesus at least
read The Prompt or if you're going to do
that breaking news in G Jeffy speak
louder we can't hear bre breaking news
Lou breaking news Jeff Jeffy louder
breaking
news breaking news Okay CE P employee
that's not the St Jeffy that's not the
story cut cut go to
commercial Jeffy we can't keep doing
this [ __ ] we don't have enough
commercials to cut away to if you don't
get it right on on the next try you're
fired how about you let me try because
you suck okay and you two are the only
ones who showed up for the job so it has
to be him so Jeffy look if you can do it
right on the next try you can keep the
giraffe really yes but you have to read
the teleprompter okay I can do it this
time I got some breaking news for you
okay we go live in 3 2 1 go breaking
news a second plane has hit the South
Tower cut it cut it that's it cut it
Jeffy you're fired Marvin go ahead yes I
finally get a shot oh man I'm so excited
okay Marvin I'll count you in we're live
in 3 2 1 go breaking news okay so like
at Walmart they have a sale on toilet
paper if you buy 12 super mega rolls of
toilet paper it's as if you bought 72
Mega rolls cuz that's a lot of toilet
paper so you could you could get that
and don't get me started on the paper
towels that they have a lot of those too
if you want to sell on those they I
think the are bigger they count more
Marvin get the [ __ ] out of my Newsroom
I'm still Al I know I don't care I want
them to know how boring you are you're
fired both of
you sorry
America I would ask how your day was
Marvin but I saw it on the news was I
really that bad you were a lot bad
Marvin how did I do mommy you were a lot
good Jeffy guys guys I made a huge
mistake you want to hire me back you God
no hell no but Jeffy I need him back
what are you talking about I got the TV
ratings back Marvin look at this see
Goodman our original anchor he was just
okay a lot okay and you Marvin you were
bad a lot bad you see how a lot bad you
are down there but Jeffy he was a lot
good at a certain point he became more
good than he was a lot he just kept
getting better and better while staying
just as a lot what does that mean well
that means that jeffy's a huge hit and
we need him back Jeffy are you going to
come back on the news only if Mr giraff
can do the news with me well of course
he can people loved it a lot well no no
no you kept cutting the commercial he
was a disaster Marvin the TV ratings
have spoken come on Jeffy what it's not
even Real ratings you just drew that
with a sharpie oh we are back baby I
hope we get more a lot good ratings oh
we're going to get the best a lot
ratings now that jeffy's back okay Jeffy
forget the teleprompter this time I want
you to just make [ __ ] up whatever pops
into your head go nuts okay all right we
go live in three 2
[Music]
1 oh hey everyone this is the new news
my name is Jeffy okay and my giraffe has
a stinky pooper speaking of stinky trash
trucks are loud when they wake me up in
the morning so if they could come in the
afternoon that would be great and in
other
news what the hell is this this can't be
better than me Marvin it's way better
than you jeffy's doing a great job what
he's not even saying
news yes this is beautiful he's an
artist with the news we're gonna win a
PE a
prize have a laugh oh hell no I'm not
going to watch this every day I'm going
to call Goodman and tell them what's
going on all right Jeffy cut that was
the best news day we've ever had I mean
we didn't actually talk about anything
happening in the world today but that
was so very a lot good what the hell's
going on here Mr Goodman I turn on the
news and I see [ __ ] but but sir our TV
ratings are very very a lot good I own
the news and I don't care about the
ratings being very lot good the news is
about delivering high quality
information to our viewers so I'm back
at anchor Jeffy you get the hell out of
here no butts we're going live in five
and someone get this goddamn giraffe out
of my
face breaking news okay I'm back [ __ ]
sorry for whatever you had to watch for
the last hour hey Mommy and Daddy I lost
my job Marvin how could you do that to
him but I got to give my little ra
well I the news was bad and I wanted the
news to be right but it was entertaining
Marvin it was not entertaining Jeffy
blow it right correctly the right way
Jeffy stop it maybe Mr D can do it no
Jeffy a stuffed animal it can't blow
bubbles
[Music]
m