so guys what do you want to do today
well before we start I just wanted to
show everybody this comment from Lucas
Coleman 5454 he says upload Corella
deville's cigarette smoke problem please
I like that he says upload as if we've
already filmed it but we're just keeping
it to ourselves and he says please with
two question marks like he's begging
like he really really needs us to make
this happen for him uh listen Lucas
buddy we've never used kruella Deville
in any video before so we would have to
introduce cruel Deville and introduce
that she has a cigarette smoking problem
and make a whole video about that which
I guess we could do but everybody would
be pretty confused and they would
probably be a little bit upset with us
so I don't really know how to tell you
this but I I don't really think that's
going to happen I mean if you want to
see kill DeVille cigarette smoke problem
I guess we could maybe upload that on a
different Channel cuz it'll probably be
demonetized but otherwise sorry Lucas I
I don't think that's going to happen for
you so what do you guys want to do today
that isn't Corella DeVille cigarette
smoking problem I think your phone's
ringing Cody oh you're right I'm going
to go answer it uh Junior Macy's is
calling about Ken's Christmas present
that says Timmy Timmy is my sales
associate from Macy's so could you
please take Ken in the other room why
can't Ken listen well I don't want him
to find out about his Christmas present
it's not like he can hear his ears are
plastic no he has real human ears Joseph
Junior please
okay what's up babe hey Cody how's it
hanging oh you know shriveled up into to
the left with dried saliva on it e how
about a little bit of fresh saliva o
okay I'll be over in a little while okay
okay Junior you can go back in with K I
don't know why I had to take Ken out of
the other room well I don't want him to
know about his Christmas present so Ken
does not know about Timmy what who's
Timmy Oh Oh you mean Timmy from Macy's
oh I already told Ken about Timmy yeah
remember remember Timmy he's the one who
gives me a huge discount like a really
big discount so you don't want him to
know about it what no cuz I don't want
him to find out about his Christmas
present look if we're going to keep
talking about this you have to take him
out of the room
again Junior don't throw him he has a
herniated disc in his back how does he
have a herniated disc from playing
football he doesn't play football dude
he's a doll he's not a doll Joseph he's
all American no he's all plastic dude
he's made in China wait Cody so you're
cheating on Ken with Timmy well I'm not
cheating on him I just like to spend
time with Timmy why cuz he's an actual
human being that breathes well they're
both human beings Joseph it's just that
Timmy and I have a spiritual connection
I think we're the same sign what gay
well yes Joseph and I think our moons
are in the same phase or some [ __ ] so if
you like Timmy so much why don't you
just break it with Ken well I can't
break up with Ken we're soulmates okay
then stop talking to Timmy
well look I'll just figure it out okay
can you just go get Ken off the floor
okay I'm so sorry Ken I don't know why
junior threw you like that I'll give you
a back massage later hey Cody what the
[ __ ] hey Timmy what what are you doing
here just walking in like that what
about Ken turn a disc shut up so what's
up Timmy what the hell well you were
taking so long plus my parents are home
so I figured I'll just come over oh okay
great that's fine is everything okay
Cody oh I'm good I am just peachy hey
Timmy you know Cody loves a doll he
loves a doll uh no no he he's saying
Adele wrong I Love Adele oh my God like
Rolling in the Deep yeah yeah no he has
a doll that he kisses he kisses Adele no
Timmy can you go wait in the other room
I have to call Macy's about your
Christmas present oh my God Macy's okay
Joseph what the [ __ ] dude you're making
him mad weird just tell him about your
stupid doll yeah tell tell me about Ken
I'm not going to tell him about Ken well
he needs to know about your stupid GI
Joe GI Joe he wishes if you tell Timmy
about Ken he's not going to care I
promise really you think so yeah he's
not going to care about your stupid doll
yeah okay all right I'll tell him hold
on Junior before I go talk to Timmy I
got to check on the eggs in my Hatchery
eggs in your Hatchery what are you
talking about I'm playing Dragon City
Junior what's Dragon City you don't know
what dragon city is you lump you [ __ ]
Muk what is Dragon City you're really
going to make me go over to the green
screen aren't you okay hey guys I want
to tell you about this awesome game I've
been into called Dragon City it's a
world filled with Dragons where you get
to be the boss with over 1,000 unique
dragons you can collect hatch and evolve
your own dragon Empire it's like having
your own dragon zoo full of your little
dragon minions also you're not just
raising dragons you're building their
home creating a city with magical
habitats cool buildings and you can even
customize the decorations it's like
being an architect and a dragon trainer
all in one for those who love a
challenge you can jump into PVP battles
test your dragon strength against other
Dragon Masters and climb the leader
board to try to be number two since I'll
be number one also each of your dragons
have special skills and abilities
unleash them in quests and events like
Wizard's Hollow where you have to use
your big brain to win and they have
multiplayer you can jump into a
community of players where you can trade
dragons and even join alliances for
exclusive rewards you can also check out
what other people have built you should
check this game out too download Dragon
City Now by clicking the link in the
description or scanning this QR code and
hey you'll get a special bundle to
Kickstart your journey 15,000 food and
30,000 gold and a super rare spaceship
Dragon don't miss out here you go Junior
play you some Dragon City I'll go talk
to Timmy
okay uh Hey Timmy oh hey Cody look what
I wrote oh wow that that is something so
you think we're dating right about that
so I was thinking that maybe today we
could officially become boyfriend and
boyfriend isn't that so exciting yeah
can we add another boyfriend to that
what what what do you mean uh well Timmy
I'd like to introduce you to someone
this is Ken Cody who the hell is that
well we've been dating since about 2014
are you freaking serious right now
you've been dating for 9 years and you
were just going to leave me in the dark
about it well that's why I'm telling you
now before things get too serious so you
were just keeping it a secret that you
are dating this beautiful chiseled up
human being
but but I still care about you too
though Timmy if you care about me then
prove it choose right now me or him
choose I don't know make your choice
I've just been with Ken for so long okay
I understand you know what Cody Phillip
Nut kiss you broke my
heart but my middle name's not Phillip I
don't know where you got that from
Phillip on these
nuts oh damn boo boo
boohoo well I told Timmy I guess it
didn't go well cuz I heard Timmy yelling
at you yeah he was pretty upset wait
he's mad at a doll dude well he knows
Ken's not a doll oh so he's delusional
too you guys are perfect for each other
well I knew we were perfect for each
other but Ken and I are perfect for each
other too so how did Ken react when he
saw your side piece oh he won't stop
yapping I keep telling him I chose you
over Timmy you won you get the Cody peen
go but he just won't shut up no he
doesn't really work at Macy's yeah yes
that was a lie God yes you are still
getting a Christmas present Jesus do you
hear this guy speaking Japanese oh well
I mean are you happy with your decision
are you happy you chose Ken well yeah of
course I mean it's Ken I me just just
look at those abs you know just eat them
up yeah yeah yeah I'm happy just
distract me with something okay I don't
want to talk about this okay well Chef
peipi needs me to do my chores so you
guys can help me vacuum and suck up all
the talk about something else okay well
um there's a documentary on black holes
they suck up
stop stop saying suck so much okay well
there's this video on Joey Chestnut how
he eats a lot of hot dogs no hot dogs no
no everything just reminds me of Timmy
boohoo why are you crying like that
boohoo it's getting sad
boohoo I really love
Cody I really
do he just doesn't feel the same I'm
such a
fool I just wish he
knew everything I do to show him that I
really love
Cody he doesn't feel the same about I
wish I could
make him choose
me I am
heartbroken
I'm feeling so
lonely I just wish that Cody would
actually love
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
me
[Music]
Dy shut the [ __ ] up sorry
Father oh I love sniffing Sharpies dude
me too it's the best smell ever guys I'm
getting really tired of sniffing
Sharpies what Cody you love sniffing
Sharpies I know but I'm starting to get
a headache well smell the orange one it
smells like a Sharpie no it smells like
oranges no it smells like a Sharpie this
one smells like green apple no they all
smell the same Cody what's wrong I don't
know I'm just thinking a lot about Timmy
well you wanted Ken right well yeah but
I also want Timmy I want his cake and I
want to eat it too well what does Timmy
offer that Ken can't do well Ken's just
not a throat goat a what you know a
throat goat a Gizzy Goblin a sword
swallower well can Ken ever become one
of those no look at that mouth it's too
small it'll never work well why don't
you ask Timmy if you Ken and him can be
in a thle a what a thle like you know
where all three people date what that
can happen yeah it's called being in a
PO a poly po a parallelogram
relationship you mean a polyamorous
relationship that oh that would be
really cool okay I'm going to go ask
timy if you'd be okay with
that so so so hey Timmy Cody what are
you doing here you can't just walk into
someone's house well you just walked
into Junior's house earlier oh yeah well
what do you want you
[ __ ] what are you trying to make me mad
or are you trying to get me back in the
closet it depends on what you say
next damn damn damn crazy oh
damn so what is it you wanted to tell me
well uh hold on damn you got to give me
a minute oh okay so I have a proposal oh
my God you're proposing no no no not
like that but I do have an idea okay so
take a good look at Ken here what would
you rate him on a scale of 1 to 10 oh
that's easy a 10 right he's a total 10
so what if you and me both dated Ken
together is is that allowed yeah you can
do whatever you want but but father says
that a relationship should only be
between a man and a woman well look we
already broke that rule so why not break
one more okay so we're cool now it
depends is the closet door open hell
yeah it is damn damn oh
damn I am sore hey Cody are you and
Timmy friends again oh I'd say we're
more than friends well you say you are
well I would say I'd like to thank
Dragon City for sponsoring this video
click the link below to check him out
now so are you like more than friends or
friends um we're we're
um we're
[Music]
banging