Jeff you're bored bored um be Oh re d um
be o re D I'm bored
you don't like truth or dare sure
alright truth or dare um dare okay let
me think of a dare
ooh I dare you to uh whoo I throw a
glass cup in the air you have to try to
catch it with your foot all right bet
shut up chef people were just playing a
game you better not make a mess I
promise we won't make a mess I love you
your mind your own business
all right Jeff you ready to catch this
glass cup with your foot yeah sheppy
besotted angry yeah I win you dare I
mean you did try to catch the cup with
your foot
I wouldn't say try more like minimal
effort I just have budded it well you
still did the Dare so you get to go to
the next round okay my turn all right so
truth or dare dare truth are stupid okay
I dare you to call your friend Cody and
ask them to be your boyfriend what do
that again well but these guys think
it's realize that think we're dating
okay what do you want to lose the game
of truth or dare I don't want to lose
all right well then you gotta call them
okay let me call them hey Cody
I have a question to ask you will you be
my said will you be mine will you be my
boyfriend that's so great I love to hear
that now that we're dating
actually we're playing truth or dare and
I was dare to do this so I'll talk to
you later bye okay okay I did the Dare
your turn telling you weren't supposed
to tell them that we were playing truth
or dare well I asked them to be my
boyfriend
you didn't even catch the cup on your
foot so you didn't do your dare all
right I guess you're right all right
truth or dare
um truth do you chose truth yep just
trying to spice it up a bit Junior okay
how many boogers have you eaten um today
or in my lifetime
both okay well today I've eaten for a
strong four and in my lifetime I've
eaten somewhere in the neighborhood of
7,500 I'm just ballparking right now so
that's a lot of boogers oh yeah that's a
lot of boogers mm-hmm all right my turn
all right truth or dare dare I always
choose dare all right um I dare you to
breaking news okay there's a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity if you
pay $800,000 you can have dinner with
six times Superbowl champion Tom Brady I
dare you to buy that I can't buy that
you have to I dared you to do it you
know you gotta do it but I don't have
$1,000 want you pick up a camera and
your puppet and get after it because
they don't never make the type of money
I mean that's what the hater che you're
supposed to dare me stuff that I can
actually do I can't do that that's
impossible
you're gonna do now if you put your mind
to it and stop being a baby about it
okay I mean I don't want to lose truth
or dare I've never lost you the dare in
my life well you're about to if you
don't go by to $800 in dollar package oh
okay oh I'm gonna ask chef peepee for
the money I think he has it right yeah
he looks rich oh yeah
chef maybe chef baby so you better clean
up that cubby broke well I didn't ask
you for a favor first
I need to borrow some money well I don't
have any money or you don't even know
how much I was gonna ask you for doesn't
matter cuz I don't have it I need
$800,000 what well me and Jeff you're
playing truth or dare and he dared me to
donate eight hundred thousand dollars
this charity thing to have dinner with
Tom Brady look first you're never going
to meet Tom Brady and to see that amount
of money let alone me giving it to you
well you're old and you have credit can
you take out a loan for me you hear my
credit score is a six six hundreds
pretty good no no a six single digit
people looking for me I shouldn't even
be in this country how am I gonna get
eight hundred thousand dollars look you
better get a job or something
what can I work for you what makes you
think I could pay you well what kind of
jobs pay $100,000 who knows maybe you
should review toys on YouTube maybe
that'll work we got the door maybe say
$800,000 job opportunity that you need
oh that's not gonna be us by the mailman
or something I know it's not a idiot
hello hey there
I'm here for plot convenience going on
well I need someone to watch my baby and
I'll pay any amount of money
$800,000 yeah sure
I was actually gonna offer more but
since you might 800,000 that's fine but
I need someone to watch my baby because
my side chicks coming over tonight and
she doesn't know I have kids
she doesn't like kids she actually hates
kids in fact but I already got my other
son Richard a Chucky Cheese to play so
he's good for the night I just need
someone to watch my baby here so I'm
giving him to you so you can watch him
and I'll pay you any amount of money no
yeah sure whatever here ticket okay oh
man I can't let in paid $800,000 the
babysitter it's gonna be so easy either
oh look at the little baby
my name is Benjamin Franklin Goodman and
I was named after the $100 bill look I'm
trying to speak gibberish you wanna hear
a song yeah does your diaper hang low
does it fall to the floor is it full of
cash if it's not then you're poor look
at you trying to sing a shower about
your messy diaper oh I got a messy
diaper a messy diaper full of cash sure
you was at the door
Oh mr. Gerber was at the door he's pay
me $800,000 to babysit his son you're
not responsible you're not mature enough
to watch a baby I'm mature I'm
responsible
no you're not you do you have a TD you
can't pay attention to anything what's
that on your arm like it's distracting
me surely that's what I'm talking about
right there you're not paying attention
but I can pay attention you're just
struggling with the thread on your shirt
I'm responsible now I'm gonna get paid
$1,000 you're just just because all you
are as a chef I'm a professional baby
watcher whatever drew you all right sure
what do you want to do baby oh I think
it's time for a nice cry where when
we're stop crying
yeah we're stop crying wait what what do
I get um I'm gonna go play video games
where where what we win so that guy
coming from win wait did you leave you
alone yeah he loves me to go play video
games where hi you he wasn't responsible
I should teach him a lesson
no how about you come with me come on
all right Benjamin just stay in here try
not to make any noise okay this is what
my dad's doing a side chick that or
she's giving a meze okay whatever now
I'ma leave the baby's diaper by the lake
you think that he's go for a little swim
[Laughter]
alright then you mean you're done crying
Benjamin Benjamin where'd you go
Benjamin Benjamin stop playing
we're not playing hide seek Benjamin who
know if I lost Benjamin - I lost
$100,000 then I lose truth or dare
oh man I can't wait the jury sees that
the baby's missing Shep hey babe what's
wrong - you you sound scared I am scared
he's missing the baby there I see it you
weren't paying attention I was paying
attention I mean I was until I left him
alone for 30 minutes Oh 30 minutes oh no
jr. that's a baby you can't leave a baby
alone for 30 minutes
anything could happen have you seen him
home man the last time I saw him he was
crawling by the lake should be said that
Benjamin gave me the lake
but sheppy we could also be pulling a
prank on me yeah babies can't swim is
that a diaper Oh No
Stephanie without the truth oh my god
Benjamin went to the lake okay how would
I get a baby out of a lake with a
fishing pole yeah okay I got a fishing
pole and I put a banana at the end of it
because I know babies love bananas they
can't resist them all right I'm gonna
say Benjamin come on Benjamin yeah now
all we do is wait for Benjamin to bite
it and I really man easy
what are you doing you told me Benjamin
win the lake so I'm fishing for him
trying to save him Junior Mitchum is not
a fish he's a baby and it looks like
he's a goner
oh really yup you should have been more
responsible now it looks like you're
gonna be going to jail jail yeah
yep you're gonna go to jail because
that's a crime you lost the baby what do
i do i do I wrote from the law no
they're gonna find you they'll always
find you baby oh no you better find
another baby or buy one from the store
or something I don't know
wait sheppy be are you trying to say
that we should make a baby you're trying
to you know the music start playing you
better find the baby on your own okay
you're right I don't wanna go to jail
okay I just want to target and I bought
a baby dog just like the real baby do
you you can't be serious what's wrong
it's obviously not the same baby how can
you tell what do you mean I can tell
don't you see it oh yeah the original
babies are boy yeah who do you think
you're tricky to you you're not gonna be
able to trick good men okay you're not
gonna be able to meet Tom Brady a woman
I'm not gonna lose truth or dare look
yeah I put in boy clothes like he's
gonna believe that this is his son and
he's gonna believe it just leave me
alone okay
whatever whatever I'm tr the box yeah
that looks like Benjamin Goodman won't
suspect a thing
dollars hello
hey there I'm know with my side chick
how is that not good god no she's
cheating on me broke my heart
that's okay I'll find another yoga
instructor but anyway I'm here to pick
up my baby
oh well he's all ready for you Kent give
$100,000
not until I make sure he's okay all
right I will
all right here's your baby Benjamin this
is not my baby and I'm pretty sure you
can look at it and tell why oh it's a
girl yeah yeah it is a girl it's not a
girl it's your baby I just dressed him
in girl clothes this is not my baby
when's my birthday I don't know July no
I was not born in July nor was I born
yesterday so you cannot slide this by me
because this is not my baby
well why would I think you're a born
yesterday you're really old it's a
figure of speech it's supposed to be
that I'm not dumb so if you were born
yesterday you'd be dumb nope it's just a
saying to say that I'm not dumb and
you're not gonna try to slide this one
by me this is
my baby where's my baby it's right there
so give me $100,000 I'm not giving you
$800,000 because that's not my baby the
next person who comes here with my baby
gets $800,000 and I said here's your
baby who are you
Oh what was the guy that was watching
your baby because Julia was so
distracted you can't just take the baby
and get the money well congratulations
you get a hundred thousand dollars I
guess I get going meet Tom Brady
actually two people get to meet Tom Bree
well II seriously people I guess I get
to take a friend
um jr. do you want to meet Tom Brady
what sure people you really take me I
guess you learned your lesson you you
deserve it really yeah come on yeah
what's your favorite thing to eat
strawberries no avocados
I like avocado toast and avocado ice
cream and avocado dip and guacamole
because it's mostly avocados and I like
the buccaneers why'd you go to the
buccaneers because I like pirates and
pirates like avocados I don't think they
like avocados sir there's dinners over
with Brady oh man I can't believe I did
it with Tom Brady you lost
truth or dare no I did it I went to
dinner table Brady that was the Dare but
you didn't buy it
chef peepee did so you lost truth or
dare and that makes me the winner of
truth or dare and that is show BB
[Music]