all right class did you know that
anteaters eat 35
000 ants a day make sure you write that
down craft take notes 35 000 ants a day
hey Cody doesn't your mom have to eat
like 35 000 pounds of fat every day
Jenny these insults are just getting
lazy now can I borrow a pencil Junior
you just insulted my mom why would I
give you a pencil because I have to take
notes I don't have another pencil I had
to and one of them's missing hey Joseph
can I borrow a pencil dude I just stole
this one from Cody Joseph Well you
aren't using it hey Penelope can I
borrow a pencil no Junior get your own
I'm gonna have to borrow a pencil from
Roy Roy junior Roy's too cool to give
you one of his pencils yeah dude if he
actually gives you a pencil that means
you're cool I'm gonna ask him oh Roy
you're so cool
yeah I don't know what you said but I
like Taco Bell too
um excuse me Roy your coolness oh
you I don't know babe what do you want
dweeb I was just wondering could I
borrow one of your pencils oh no these
girls bought me these pencils why would
I give one to you Roy didn't it go away
yeah can you go away loser I just I just
need to borrow a pepper can I just
borrow one absolutely not go away
huh what do you say junior he said no
see I told you you weren't cool enough
to get one of his pencils yeah Junior
Roy's just too cool
hey is this Jackie choose class oh dude
SPG Crenshaw Jimmy Jam's Crenshaw pair
of Jamie's Crenshaw no way PJ Crenshaw
what are you doing here I thought you
were homeschooled by your mom yeah but I
got kicked out of homeschool for
sleeping with the teacher he's so cool
dude I want my mom to be his teacher I
want him to be my dad I want him to be
my husband well PJ sit anywhere you like
cool PJ Crystal hey get out of my seat
but but this is my seat not anymore it's
PJ's seat Now ladies you can stay
but but ladies I'm cool you're not cool
anymore
you ladies want to sip of my Capri Sun
Roaring Waters
PJ just made Roy uncool there's always a
bigger fish wait so Roy's not cool
anymore no Junior look it's basic math
PJ is so cool that anyone he says isn't
cool isn't cool anymore and so he said
Roy's not cool that means that Roy is no
longer cool well what if I asked PJ for
a pencil well Junior if Roy wouldn't
give you a pencil I doubt you could even
get PJ to look at you yeah you're
pushing it dude well I'm gonna shoot my
shot and ask oh first number for me no
PJ I like your PJs yeah me too that's
why I wear them Yo Quiero Pi hey um
excuse me PJ Crenshaw pair of Jamie's
Crenshaw Jamie James Crenshaw ew
this is Luther talking to you ladies
ladies that's harsh let's see what the
little man has to say um I was wondering
your coolness if I could borrow one of
your pencils yeah like PJ would let you
have one of his pencils hey hey PJ makes
his own decisions yeah sure you can
borrow one oh really yeah but I want it
back later okay um which one can I
borrow uh not that one or that one or
that one or that one yeah you can have
that one oh okay thank you so much PJ
I'll take good care of it so Jenny what
do you say I bet he said no guys he let
me borrow one of his pencils what PJ
Chris Bissell oh my God let me taste it
off oh I feel like PJ Crystal oh I am a
Crenshaw well guys I have to take care
of this pencil yo PJ's so cool he let me
borrow it so I can't let anything happen
to it
I used to be that cool
crafts settle down settle down I know PJ
crenshaw's cool but we gotta Focus
because I want his underground first
yes yes yes remember that time where I
got to go to the Super Bowl and I didn't
have to pay for anything I'm cool right
that's the reason
is he asleep of course he is he's PJ
Crenshaw yeah he can sleep anywhere in
his PJs yeah guys guys
oh I think PJ drooled on me really lucky
oh where right on my face
guys have you guys seen PJ's finally let
me borrow no don't you love pizza
Kristoff's pencil well it was right here
and I can't find it Junior you're gonna
be so uncool well good guys guys dude
what do you guys take it no no okay it
was right here and I can't find his on
the ground oh where is it you better
find that pencil before tomorrow well
we're gonna be so uncool dude okay I'm
looking for him I'm looking for it on
all right class that's the end of the
lesson for today crash dismissed you can
go home where is it where is it where's
the pencil Junior just look for it
tomorrow before school junior stop front
desk leave the classroom now but I gotta
look for my pencil come on Junior oh
guys I'm so screwed I don't know where
that pencil is yeah Junior if you don't
find that pencil PJ Grinch I was gonna
say you're uncool yeah and if PJ
Crenshaw says you're on cool we can't
hang out with you anymore dude yeah we'd
be uncool by association well guys what
if I just go to the store and buy a new
pencil and say that's the pencil let me
borrow dude PJ will yeah you can't pull
a fast one on PJ Crenshaw I just don't
know where that pencil could have went
well maybe it's PJ hello
Roy what are you doing here don't you
have like a bunch of girls to hang out
with yeah I got plenty of girls to hang
out with they're just busy are they with
PJ Crenshaw yeah but but but I don't
care I don't care if they hang out with
him okay well what are you doing here
well I just want to come by and hang out
with the boys but we're not your friends
sure we are remember all the good times
we had no uh well anyway can I come in
and talk to you guys for a minute make
it quick Roy but then you gotta get out
of my house sweet who's at the door
Junior it was Roy Roy
who's Roy oh Roy wait that loser what he
want what's up guys oh what's Roy doing
here oh you're so uncool Roy well you
guys used to think I was cool remember
when I went to the Super Bowl and I
didn't have to pay for anything yeah we
heard it before dude yeah you can't keep
milking that forever Roy well what about
the time I got three girls pregnant cool
story bro yeah not impressive Roy you
might as well just get out of here all
right well if I get out of here how will
you find this PJ's pencil you criminal
you you scoundrel why would you steal a
pickle from me well because if I can't
be cool then you can't be cool well but
you can't do that PJ's I'll do anything
to get that pencil back all right well
then teach me how to be cooler than PJ
Jay critcher okay first of all you will
never be cooler than PJ Crenshaw and
also we're not cool how are we gonna
make you cool I don't know just like
think of something I don't know I just
want to be cool again really I got it
guys what if Roy challenges PJ Crenshaw
to a cool off like a cool battle and
they say they see who's the coolest I
will like that yeah oh yeah that is a
good idea
oh who's that oh let me answer the door
hello hey what PJ critch y'all what are
you doing here I'm here for my pencil uh
well uh I don't really have your pencil
foreign
I know where it's at oh really why
didn't you just say so well because Roy
took it that loser yeah he's upstairs
who's at the door Junior it was PJ
Crenshaw here Jimmy's Crenshaw Jimmy
James grincha yeah hey hey PJ Mr PJ I
just wanted to say that I like your PJs
can I get in your pjs I love my fans oh
Mr PJ oh Roy stole your pencil he stole
it he stole it hey it's not cool to
snitch and it's also not cool to steal
things I hereby decree the Junior and
Roy are very uncool what I'm sorry
Junior I can't talk to you anymore yeah
I can't be seeing what you do oh no Mr
PJ please please please don't make me
uncool did you hear something no oh boy
Savage
do the cool off and say that if you win
we're both cool
hey PJ I challenge you to a cool off and
the winner gets to be the coolest did
you hear something again it sounded
really uncool
tell PJ that Roy wants to cool off I'm
not supposed to be talking to you but
okay uh Mr PJ Roy wants to have a cool
off to see who's the coolest okay if he
wants to be embarrassed I'm not gonna be
embarrassed you're gonna be the one
that's embarrassed when I prove that I'm
the coolest all right well how about
this whoever loses to cool off has to
leave town and never show their face
again all right deal hello hello and
welcome to the first annual cool
Olympics now let's meet our contestants
our first contestant is Roy get home oh
stop booing it's me Roy you know my my
parents own a poodle grooming business
and another contestant is BJ Crenshaw
para Demi's grandson Jimmy John's
Crenshaw all right settle down settle
down damn he's cool our first event is
to see who can drink the most Kool-Aid
Jammers in 30 seconds
Kool-Aid Jammers I only ever drink Capri
Sun you're going down PJ on your mind
get set go
[Music]
oh I can't drink anymore
[Music]
I did it
the winner is BJ Crenshaw Barrow Daddy's
friendship daddy
too cool for you I'll beat you in the
next game oh next event is to see who
can get to the center of a Tootsie Pop
faster you're going down PJ check out my
tongue
how am I supposed to compete with that
giant tongue look at my tongue
[Music]
tiny tongue how are the girls gonna
stick around with you with that tiny
tongue ready set goals
thank you
all right I'm done how because of this
big tongue I'm a winner Rose Roy get her
looks like we're tied PJ and in this
final round you're going down we'll see
about that well we're tied going into
the final round for the final game okay
there will be a girl in the
show off
how to get the girl to make out with
them whoever gets the girl wins oh this
is easy you're going down PJ girls love
me yeah right you saw me steal your
girls at school it'll be that easy oh
yeah well this one time this girl took
me to the Super Bowl and I didn't have
to pay for anything yeah I've heard your
little story it's really cute but a real
man pays for his own Super Bowl ticket
hey you take that back Ready set go hey
babe I got three girls pregnant and I
left him and I don't take care of the
kids oh hey I have three iPhones you can
play on one of them if you want oh hey
babe one time I went to a Super Bowl and
I didn't have to pay for anything the
girl literally flew me first class all
the way to Miami
well I got air pods and a PS5
my parents own a poodle shop so if you
ever want a pet a poodle then you can
come do that
I got some green Play-Doh you can eat it
with me if you want Oh but then the
Super Bowl see here's the ticket right
here I win
you can't keep milking that for the rest
of your life Roy
we have a winner the coolest kid in the
world is PJ Crenshaw pair of Gammy his
friend Sean teddy bear and Crenshaw
time to get stepping do I really have to
go yeah this town ain't big enough for
two cool kids but where am I supposed to
go whatever a girl will pay for you oh
but what if no girl will pay for me
don't worry man they'll pay for you
all right
hey yeah keep your head up champ I'll
try
the end of Roy he used to be so cool
he'll be cool again in another town bye
Roy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]