woohoo Karen the Kansas City Chiefs lost
the Super Bowl is that a good thing Bo
hell yeah it's a good thing Karen that
means Patrick M holy [ __ ] he sucks at
football sucks at football he's not the
goat Tom Brady's still the goat that's
nice Bo hey Karen who am I hey guys I
think I can fit one more in my ass
please B what are you doing I'm Patrick
Mahomes getting sacked six times in the
bowl K you fixed your helmet you look
ridiculous at one point the score was 34
to0 who doesn't put up a single point in
3/4 in the bowl wait why were they
playing with quarters in a ball boy me
no Karen I'm talking about they suck
they should change their racist name
from the Kansas City Chiefs to the
Kansas City queefs because a queef would
have played better football Bo that's
not nice yeah well I'll I'll tell you
what else is not nice we lost everything
what yeah we lost the house the car all
of our money even this couch everything
we own Bo you bet everything on the
Super Bowl no no no hold on it's going
to make sense let me just explain my
thought process here okay so I really
hate the Kansas City chief but they just
keep winning so I figured if I bet
everything we own that they would win
then if they win I'm going to be sad but
at least we'll double our money and if
the Eagles win then I'm going to be
happy but we lose everything and that's
the one that happened buy go get our
stuff back you're being an idiot I I I
can't the bank's already here hey there
you ready to give me your house your car
all your money and everything you own in
40 spankin oh yeah let me just put my
helmet on okay I'm ready blue 42 set hut
ooh yeah I'm Patrick Mahomes I like this
this happened on National Television hey
start making fun of me what Patrick
Mahomes in the green flesh why do you
sound like kmit the
Frog yeah he doesn't like when you say
that hey stop saying I sound like Kermit
the Frog I sound like Patrick Mahomes
hey Patrick I have a question for you
can I have a $500 million NFL contract
because I'm pretty sure I could do what
you did in the Super Bowl I can just run
around and fall down well I don't have
$500 million anymore because I bet it
all in the Super Bowl wait you bet on
yourself and you still played that bad
no I bet on the Eagles Gold Birds what
you bet on the Eagles well yeah now I'm
worth a billion dollars see everyone
thought that I was cheating cuz I was
paying off the refs so I decided what if
I just lose on purpose and then win the
next five Super Bowls [ __ ] I lost my
house for no reason no get out come on
Karen we don't live here anymore that's
because I live here now what Patrick
Mahomes bought my house yeah with my new
roommate hey you remember that kid from
Toy Story that owned Woody what was his
name Andy oh yeah and and hey what do
you do with a book uh read Andy read
Andy read Andy come on Ken he's not
going to stop you say Andy I say Reed
Andy
Reed you smell that Karen that's fresh
air see this is how we're supposed to
live and you know what's great about
living outside you can fart whenever you
want and you can just say that wasn't me
that was the wind oh what was that not
mey what the hell are we supposed to do
now well we could just sit here and
think about how the Chiefs get blown out
in the Super Bowl and Tom Brady's the
goat Bo how does Tom Brady being the
goat what what is that going to do for
us what are we going to eat we can eat
grass because goat eat grass and Tom
Brady's the goat you can be single and
eat grass Bo well Tom Brady's single and
he's the goat you know what Bo I'm going
to go stay at my friend Max grba's place
what Max grber you're crushed from high
school you only told me about once yep
bu that's where I'm going what no Karen
I got to get my stuff in my house back
Marvin Marvin Valentine's Day is in a
couple of days oh yeah it is they're
going to start selling those heart
candies with words on them that taste
like chalk Marvin are you going to ask
me to be your Valentine I don't have to
ask you to be my Valentine we're married
yes you do Marvin because what if
someone else asks me because you didn't
I have to say yes I don't have to ask
you my Valentine that's gay that's the
opposite of gay Marvin you're a boy and
I'm a girl that's super straight no it's
super gay yeah I think it's pretty gay
thank you what buddy are you homeless
yeah I'm glad you could tell by the
napsack uh I didn't actually put
anything in this I just used the last of
my money to buy it so I didn't have to
explain my situation well buddy how' you
become homeless well you know I bet all
my money on the
Chiefs oh so you lost your house and
everything yeah everything so I was just
wondering if I could stay here for a
while you know at least until I get back
on my feet I don't have any feet oh
buddy of course you can stay here as
long as you need as long as you're gone
by the morning why because uh Rose is
having a big family reunion tomorrow I
am yes your whole family's coming they
are oh yes baby you know Aunt Jima and
and Auntie Anne and Uncle Ben and Jerry
and Mike and Ike and you know Captain
Crunch okay now that one's a lie okay
listen Okay that's the only one that's a
fake your whole family's coming I and
you just you can stay for tonight okay
okay thanks I'm just going to watch some
TV well now that football's over we can
watch
basketball breaking news M Jimmy Butler
has been traded from the Miami Heat to
the Golden State Warriors here's a
statement from him now Mr Butler do you
have any regrets about leaving Miami
well I only have one regret and that
regret is leaving my coffee shop I just
opened up a coffee shop in Miami so now
I guess I'm going to have to open one in
San Francisco Jimmy Butler got traded to
the Golden State Warriors I'm sorry
buddy I know this is the best day of my
[ __ ] life what Marvin I don't think
you understand Jimmy Butler only cares
about coffee even in his interview about
him leaving the Miami Heat he said his
only regret was that he couldn't run his
coffee shop in Miami he's a [ __ ]
basketball player and that was his only
regret was coffee yeah I'm glad he's
moving to the other side of the country
he can take his coffee [ __ ] that way
uh no actually California would be that
way what no I think it's that way no no
no no that that that'll be that'll be
East this is West what are you a [ __ ]
Compass how do you know I just I just
would think that West would be that way
well I bet my whole house it's that way
stop trying to bet your house on stuff
you always lose your house well I I when
I get my house back I'm going to bet
that it's that way well no if you get
your house back first of all you can't
even get your house back hold on my
phone's ringing I got to hands up hello
Andy re Andy re dad why is Kermit the
Frog at our
house don't call him that honey he
doesn't like it Dad can you get him out
of our house no can do honey that's
actually Patrick mahomes's house now
what yeah I actually bet
everything dad come get me no I can't do
that either sorry honey he owns you too
who the [ __ ] is Andy Reed Andy Reed yeah
uh honey you're probably going to want
to learn who Andy Reed is he he's like a
walrus and I'm pretty sure it's his
coach Dad please he won't stop what do I
do uh I don't know honey I'll I'll try
to see if I can figure something out I
hate you I hate both of you love you too
all right Marvin we got to figure this
out Patrick Mahomes owns my house and
all my stuff what he he's the one who
owns your house now yeah he took over
everything well would you ever get it
back from Patrick Mahomes um could try
asking him you know never know if you
don't ask I mean yeah I guess it doesn't
hurt to ask yeah sure want to go ask
Patrick Mahomes for my house bag I mean
let's let's go let's go all right Marvin
I'm going to ask Patrick Mahomes very
nicely for my stuff
bag Andy Reed no it's it's just me oh
you're not Andy Reid Mr Reed Mr Reed no
he's not he's not out here buddy dad you
came to gety now hold on I haven't asked
yet we've been playing a game called
Marco Polo but instead of Marco and Polo
we've been seeing Andy and Reed Andy
read Andy read there you are I found you
a you're not Andy Reed Mr re Andy
Patrick and Patrick I hold on I have a
question for you knock knock what knock
knock okay who's there Andy Andy who
Andy re uhhuh yeah I know okay Patrick I
have a question yeah a question okay yes
a question okay so what would it take
for you to give me
my please [ __ ] listen to me
okay yeah buddy listen listen you pay
attention Okay okay what would it take
for you to give me my house and all my
[ __ ] back I'm not [ __ ] no I did just
lose the Super Bowl and that was really
embarrassing so if you can prove that
Tom Brady cheated to win one of his
Super Bowls then that would make me look
a lot better and it would make me look
like the goat again so um yeah if you do
that you can have all your [ __ ] back I'm
not [ __ ] but Tom Brady didn't even cheat
I mean yeah he might have recorded the
other team's plays before the Super Bowl
and maybe he let a little bit of air out
of the balls but that that doesn't mean
he cheated you know that that's how
goats cheat you know it takes a lot of
talent to cheat like that well you go
and get that and come back when you have
it Andy Marvin let's just let's just
go read read so how'd it go well he
didn't say no well what did he say he
said Andy Reid a lot and then eventually
he said he'd give me my stuff back if I
could prove Tom Brady cheated and Tom
Brady didn't cheat his wife cheated good
one Marvin yes she did yeah so uh what's
the plan well I guess we Prov Tom Brady
cheated well how we get a hold of Tom
Brady well Marvin we live in a wacky
Universe I mean Patrick Mahomes is
living in my house playing Marco Polo
with my daughter right now I'm pretty
sure it's not going to be that hard to
get a hold of Tom Brady okay I'm going
to call him on my phone okay it's
ringing yeah [ __ ] yeah I love movies
whoa Tom are you at the strip club hell
yeah I am I'm celebrating cuz Patrick
Mahomes got kissed on the mouth by the
Philadelphia Eagles just like I do my
son that's a lot of kisses Tom your dang
tooting it is now what can I do for you
well we just had a favor to ask you oh
yeah sure anything for you guys you guys
help Patrick Mahomes lose the Super Bowl
oh no I think Patrick Mahomes actually
[ __ ] the bed all by himself but we were
just wondering if maybe you had some
memorabilia like maybe some balls or
something oh yeah sure I got plenty of
that stuff might be a little deflated
though that that is actually perfect
yeah okay I'll bring that right over to
you right as soon as I get rid of this
chubby thanks Tom he's bringing it over
he just got get [ __ ] he's got to get rid
of his chubby he's at he's at the strip
club he's got a chubby he's going to get
rid of that going to bring it right over
what it's this baby is Chubby okay why
did he share that information what Tom
said I'm just letting you guys know it
might be a while because so I got a
question for you guys yeah all right
would you rather eat your own booger or
your own ear
wax you got to pick one you got to pick
one I'm going to say booger you know you
know cuz like everybody's done that like
when you're sick I haven't ate my
boogers no but like when you're sick you
like suck notot you know okay yeah when
you blow your nose sometimes it goes
down your throat yeah exactly that's
what she said
I don't I don't know who's she your
Valentine okay first of all do I have to
ask her to be my Valentine if we married
like I said I think that's pretty gay
but he's a boy and I'm a girl okay
another question another question okay
would you rather eat someone else's
booger or someone else's ear wax oh ew
no you pick one you have to pick then
what would you pick well is it a girl or
a guy what what does that matter because
I don't know I just feel it's a girl if
it's a hot girl I wouldn't I wouldn't
mind doing either okay well my booger or
my ear wax I said a hot girl what what
the [ __ ] Mar
a doorbell no it's not I didn't hear a
sound effect answer the question what
the [ __ ] Marvin there a doorbell okay
that was the doorbell go ahead and
answer it wait this is why you're not my
Valentine one of us who was supposed to
answer it you really it's your house
buddy hello hey there you guys wanted
one of my footballs oh wow that is very
deflated yeah I deflated it so I could
hold it better I mean that doesn't sound
like cheating to me yeah that's what I
said hey Marvin I uh I decided I needed
to come down too okay well he brought us
the football so we can take it to
Patrick Mahomes oh cool um you want to
come with us to see Patrick Mahomes and
give him the football no I want to go
back to the strip club and look at
boobies okay I'm trying to trying to
hold that okay let's take it let's take
it over
there Marvin he's still saying it got
knock Andy Andy Andy Andy re Andy re
Andy re hey look who it is it's Andy
Reed Andy re hey have you seen dvis guy
no dvis guy gelyy gy we're not doing
that please take your ball what about
Taylor Swift Taylor Swift hey I don't
know about you but we only put up 22
please [ __ ] take your ball yeah cuz
we only put up 22 points I saw have you
seen Xavier worthy worthy worthy worthy
take your ball and get the [ __ ] out of
my house
okay god wow that was easy yeah he just
went off with Andy Reed
[Music]