hey Daddy wanna hear me play some of my
campiano no Jeffy it's past your bedtime
you have to go to bed I'm not happy you
do have to come on dang there's one song
on my piano no or even let him play a
song No it's it's time for him to go to
go to bed Jeffy
Daddy Yankee I have to go to bed I have
to go to bed have to go to bed daddy
said I have to go to bed and I said
don't have to go to bed Jeffy no I have
to don't have to don't have to don't
have to yeah he said you don't have to
go to bed and I said don't have to go to
bed Jeffy Marvin what was that noise I
just yelled at Jeffy no it was something
is
I'm gonna steal so much stuff
boy did I make someone's breaking into
it okay let's go hide in the closet
don't worry about my camping leave it
Jeffy come on all right Google get the
clothes Jeffy get in the closet okay
Jimmy don't bring your cat here though I
have to okay okay we're in the closet
baby do you have your phone no Marvin I
looked it on the couch oh I left mine
too how are we gonna call the cops okay
everyone just be quiet hold on guys I
gotta tune my cat piano don't Jenny be
quiet it's Out Of Tune Jeffy oh
Jeffy be quiet hold on I got one more
it's almost in tune
I think I got it
bro be quiet everyone be quiet where is
it where's all this stuff
I'm sorry dang it was tired hey
someone's in the closet
no oh
Jeffy you scared him off let's go he's
gone lock the door lock the door okay I
can't believe we just got robbed
okay I'll call him hey there somebody
call the cops yes officer I did okay
what's going on well someone hold on
Danny I'll take it from here no Jeffy
please stop it what's he doing you're
gonna love it just listen
[Applause]
somebody broke in the house in the house
in the house somebody broke in the house
and I got really scared well did he take
anything anything anything
well did he take anything no he did not
uh could you play that again please
really come on well if he didn't take
anything I say is a waste of my time
this is a waste of my goddamn time
goddamn time goddamn time this is a
waste of my goddamn time if it didn't
take anything but the robber's still on
the loose on the loose silly goose but
the robber is still on the loose you
should go catch him DJ run that [ __ ]
[Music]
well can you tell me what the guy looked
like guy looked like guy looked like
well can you tell me what the guy looked
like so I can go find him he was wearing
all black clothes all black clothes all
black clothes he was wearing all black
clothes and a ski mask okay okay one
more time
[Music]
[Applause]
that description's not helpful at all
helpful at all helpful at all that
description's not helpful at all I'm
never gonna catch that guy why don't you
look for fingerprints fingerprints
fingerprints why don't you look for
fingerprints he wasn't wearing gloves
okay okay can we stop singing I'm
getting tired of this yeah this went on
way too long okay so the guy broke in
didn't do anything no we scared him away
scared him away scared him away no no
we're not we're not singing anymore okay
moments passed yeah he didn't take
anything okay yes anything anything God
damn it I said the moment has passed
moment has passed moment has passed no
no no no more singing okay okay so he
broke in he didn't take anything yeah he
just left did he just like attack you or
anything no he didn't do anything he
just left so he's like a housefly I bet
you've seen a dragonfly maybe even a
horse fly but I bet you ain't never seen
a donkey fly oh yeah yeah like like
Shrek right yeah so what do you suggest
we do so we just broke into our house
well it sounds to me like you need a
home security system a home security
system yeah so whenever people break in
like an alarm goes off and it's like and
then like it calls me and then the
burglar runs away that sounds expensive
oh no no I can do it for free for free
oh yeah yeah dear me dare me to put a
home security system in for free Dare
You Dare me go ahead
I dare you to put a home security system
in for free you don't think I'll do it
I'll show you I'll do it what
time but yeah I'm done with your
security alarm machine otherwise known
as Sam what does Sam stand for
it stands for security alarm machine
otherwise known as Sam oh right yeah and
it comes in all kinds of different
voices like it comes in an Arnold
Schwarzenegger voice you talk to the
house now go that's pretty cool and it
also comes in a flamboyantly gay voice
oh my God Gregory though I just broke in
the house you need to stop him will you
stop it no you're on top so you need to
stop it you're such a silly Bill no I'm
not a silly Billy you're a silly Billy
and that one goes on for a little while
but it also comes in a Christopher
Walken voice wow Robert get out of my
house before I call the police and then
what I'm gonna have you set on right now
is just the default like monotone female
voice security system activated okay I
like that one let's just stick with that
one okay yeah so you're all set up uh
the only downside is it does have ads it
has ads what are you talking about yeah
it has ads because it's free you know
because like when you when you watch
like a YouTube video you get like a 30
second ad in front of it well this is
going to play a 30 second ad every time
somebody breaks in before the alarm goes
off what if someone like kills me before
you get here well I mean you can turn
off the ad but I'm the robber would have
to do that so every time somebody breaks
in it's going to play like a Toyota ad
or like an Old Navy ad but I mean the
Old Navy ad usually gets them because
once I see it's like 50 off on jeans
they go that's a steal and then they
just go to Old Navy instead well how do
I get rid of the ads can I pay to get
rid of the ads oh yeah it's gonna cost
50 bucks a month oh that's expensive
yeah the ads are better I I use the ads
okay so when somebody breaks in this is
going to call me all right so you don't
have to worry okay
all right baby we are fully protected
you're gonna wear two oh that ain't
about to glaze that ass like a toaster
strudel no I'm talking about the
security system baby oh you got it set
up yeah baby it'll call the cops after
30 seconds 30 seconds why 30 seconds
because it plays an ad but look we're
we're safe and we are protected and we
can go to sleep safe and sound so go to
bed Jeffy I got a question before bed
what
um dude peepee's going butts no oh cause
the other day I saw this video and it
happened
go to bed Jeffy okay
all right Jeffy go to bed
um mommy day can you guys sleep in the
bed with me because I'm scared ever
since the Romper broke in no Jeffy we
have an alarm system you're safe now
come on Marvin it's just for one night
I'm supposed to wear two that's okay
Marvin we'll wait till tomorrow come on
night right here in the bed okay fine
I had cream cheese covered deviled eggs
and one Acorn I found outside sorry that
was sick I'm gonna die all right boys
settle down time for bed
[Laughter]
I'm gonna break you to this house to the
back doors
this is big lobsterfest has something oh
crap they got an alarm systems
baby baby do you hear Red Lobster add no
merman go back to bed
oh my God someone's breaking into the
house he's coming in the back door hurry
maybe that's the alarm hold on someone's
breaking into the house oh I'm gonna go
check I'm gonna go check uh is there
anyone here hey your alarm went off you
okay I think someone robbed my house uh
it looks like he went out the back door
I guess he got scared off by the ad let
me see which one it was oh Red Lobster
yeah he definitely saw those cheddar bay
biscuits and decided he needed some for
himself so the alarm didn't catch the
rubber no the alarm doesn't catch
robbers it just scares him off but the
alarm has a camera so it doesn't take a
picture of the robber's face oh no no no
no see the camera scans the robber's
face and then gives him an ad for
something that thinks the robber might
like so so he thought that he might like
Red Lobster but why doesn't the alarm
take a picture of the robber's face so
we can see what he looks like oh no you
got to pay the 50 bucks a month for that
but that's so dumb but hey look look
they did what it was supposed to do it
scared away the robber right and I don't
think he's gonna be back anytime soon I
think lobsterfest is going on and
bottomless shrimp he's going to eat
himself into a food coma you know I'm
kind of a Hungry Hungry Hippo for Red
Lobster too I'm a bottomless potamus
myself
can you please stop talking about Red
Lobster why are you getting hungry no
well kind I'm a little hungry but but my
family 's upstairs
sneak away and get some Red Lobster I I
really can't I'm pretty sure they're
open at 1 27 in the morning no they're
not you want them back look I'm a cop I
can just flash my badge they'll be open
oh man look at us at Red Lobster huh
would you rather be anywhere else in the
world right now no I wouldn't oh me
neither oh and these Cheddar Bay
Biscuits let me get some of these
yeah they're all right how's your scampi
I thought it came with noodles no no it
sure doesn't oh
the robber he's over there oh yeah there
he is I'll arrest him why not gonna
arrest him in the middle of eating his
Red Lobster how would you feel if
somebody interrupted our meal I'd be
pretty pissed but we gotta arrest him
what if he leaves hey hey we're just
gonna wait till he gets done eating and
arrest him outside look he'll be full by
then anyway he won't be able to move
okay oh man I am so full there he is
there you get him you're under arrest
for breaking and entering those are the
last chedape biscuits you're gonna have
as a free man come on where is Marvin I
woke up and he disappeared baby Morgan
I've been worried sick Where Have You
Been I'll give you a hand the whole
place smelled like fish Marvin were you
at Strip Club close we went to Red
Lobster
whistle but baby we caught the robber
yeah he was chowing down on Cheddar Bay
Biscuits now he's sucking on Justice
that's the name of his cellmate Justice
Constance splooge because he's
constantly splooging but baby listen
we're safe the robber's gone he's in
jail so are we getting rid of the alarm
I mean I don't think we need it anymore
what do you mean it obviously worked I
think you still need the alarm well no
but we got rid of the robber so we're
safe forever you know what I have to say
about this DJ run that [ __ ]
[Applause]
we just went to Red Lobster Red Lobster
Red Lobster we just went to Red Lobster
and had some cheddar bay biscuits we
just had some cheddar bay biscuits
Cheddar Bay Biscuits Cheddar Bay
Biscuits we just had some cheddar baked
biscuits and they were good as [ __ ] not
sponsored
[Music]
and