There
You Go Daddy all right Jeffy no more
stickers well I got one more flaw my
face is already covered that's what she
said come on Marvin just let him do it
okay hurry up and there you go daddy
Vlog all right no more stickers you got
some more stickers I got one more no
Jeffy put them on your body all right
I'll put them on my butthole therefore
when I fart stickers go everywhere it'll
be a sticky fart
there's someone at the door hold on
hello hey Marvin you have your house
payment this month uh well no I don't
have it oh so you don't have enough
money to pay me but you have enough
money to buy stickers and put them all
over your stupid face well no my son had
the stickers listen more I don't care
I'm tired of you being poor so you know
what I'm gonna do this is your nut sack
if you don't have your house payment
tomorrow when I come by this is what I'm
gonna do to your nutsack
what are your nuts Marvin
hey me tomorrow okay
more Marvin it's good men and he wants
my house payment but he's so mean don't
worry Marvin he's just a mean rich man
he doesn't understand I know but he
doesn't know what it's like to be poor I
just wish he knew what it was like to be
poor I'm gonna go wash these stickers
off my face oh oh not the white the
sticker come on Jeffy let's get ready
for bed oh okay
[Music]
uh good morning rose rose
his wrath who are you my name is
Starlight we met last night I don't
remember that I have to get my bed Rose
is gonna be so mad good morning Sal [ __ ]
who are you I'm chives your butler we'll
hungover again I see no no no what are
you talking about I don't know what's
going on sir your name is Goodman you're
a trillionaire and you're a dick puppy
Goodman's body yes sir you you are good
man I don't know what's going on Sir
shall I pay the lady for her Services
you owe me five thousand dollars what
about five thousand dollars sir yes you
do it's right here
now scram thank you oh oh wait wait
listen chives I don't know what's going
on I'm not good man I'm not supposed to
be in my body
very funny sir look at all telling the
truth about good man I don't know what's
going on shall I just bend over for my
spanking now why would I spank you well
normally when I talk back to you you
give me a hot spanking I I don't I don't
want to spank you what I
think I love you shall I draw a bath sir
yeah yeah I'll take a bath that'll help
me figure out what's going on very well
sir I'm good
look at all this money what the well
I've never seen this much money in my
life I really just bathe in this yes sir
uh do you want to join me really so I've
never been allowed to join you before oh
yeah jump in the money's warm very well
sir
[Music]
daddy you gonna take me to school
what the who are you none dank made it
cool I'm not taking you to school I
don't even know who you are wait what
the is this Marvin's house I must have
fallen asleep here Marvin did you fall
asleep on the couch again ew fat Marvin
you're so silly when you first wake up
why do you poor people keep calling me
Marvin because you are Marvin what the
oh no oh no
I'm bold and boy or you say that every
morning what used to be handsome what
happened it's okay Mark get away from me
you fat cow no
here's your breakfast sir filet mignon
cooked medium and a loaded baked potato
unfortunately we don't have any
peppercorns
why are you showing me your butt so you
can smack these huh I said I wasn't
gonna spank you really yeah this this
breakfast is amazing do you want some oh
I'm not allowed to have any sir normally
normally you just feed me kibble without
the bits no no you could have some of my
steak I'm not gonna eat all of it really
sir thank you so much
can I drop out of school and become a
piece of [ __ ] yeah sure really you're
the best dad ever yay no school
I don't know what's gotten into you but
we'd love it yeah yeah I think I love it
too
weiner why would God do this to me I'm
such a nice person wait a minute if I'm
in Marvin's body that must mean he's in
my body I gotta call him and get my body
back Marvin I think we should file for
divorce I think so too you're just too
fat what you're a fat cow give me my
phone I need to make a phone call okay
you're fine go call your other
girlfriends I think I might all right
come on me answer the phone
ah this is the life another glass of
champagne sir no thank you chives you
could have that glass wow thank you sir
man Goodman's life is amazing sir you're
getting a phone call just put it up to
my ear very well sir hello Marvin what
Goodman are you in my body uh yeah yeah
because I'm in your poor short fat small
weird body you have a small weiner do
you know that yeah but but listen you
have a big wiener and I like your life
it's so amazing I know my life is
amazing so give me my life back no I
think I'm gonna stay in your body for a
while no you give it back to me right
now uh the call is breaking up that call
is not breaking up because that is a
satellite phone
don't you hang up on me huh he hung up
on me oh if I ever get back in my body
I'm gonna make chives walk around in a
thong and I'm gonna give him a thousand
spankings Marvin I made you some
breakfast I think you just woke up
cranky it better be filet mignon
ew what is this albino rabbit [ __ ] it's
Cheerios Marvin made with real honey
where's my Filet Mignon cooking medium
rare peppercorn you know we can't afford
that Marvin ew I keep getting more and
more poor I'm gonna go to my mansion and
see if I can get my body back
[Music]
he's marving you open this door right
now hello chives let me in my house no
I'm sorry so I was giving strict
instructions not to let Marvin into this
house but I'm not Morgan I'm good man so
let me in Well you certainly look like
Marvin chives as soon as I get back in
my body you're getting a spanking well
hopefully that never happens whoever's
in your party right now treats me great
he treats you great that can't be
happening Marvin get down here right now
no I'm sorry sir if you would like an
appointment with Mr Goodman you'll have
to call in and schedule it in advance
unfortunately he's booked by about three
years good day sir Charles don't you
sign up during my face
oh man this house is incredible I can
just lay here and relax all day
I was wondering if maybe I could start
wearing underwear now because he's
getting kind of caught in the house what
what why don't you wear underwear
because you told me not to wear
underwear why why'd I do that do you
know for like
really let me thank you what are you
doing I was going to thank you what that
you can just say thank you but that's
how you told me how to say thank you no
no no no I I could just give you a raise
oh you have a race let me let me help
you no no no no no no I meant like Rage
with money oh you're going to behind me
I don't pay you I mean you start that
though but it's only like five pesos per
month okay I'll start giving you three
thousand dollars a month
no no no
no no what the thank yous look I'm gonna
go drive around in my car do you
car no
no oh well a real Lamborghini and I get
to drive it this is so cool oh my god
I've never driven a Lamborghini before
let's start it
oh this is so cool okay I'll drive
really careful
[Music]
man I love driving this car I never want
to go back to my old life
Goodman Marvin you get out of my car
right now I'm sorry good man your joy
ride is over take me back to your house
so we can figure this out okay God dang
it all right Marvin we're gonna sit
right here and figure out how to get me
back in my body oh hey Marvin I see you
brought your lawyer too if we can just
sign these papers we can get this over
with real quick wait what's going on uh
Marvin's wife is divorcing him why
because he is calling me a fat cow is
she not I'm doing you a favor Marvin I'm
gonna sign those papers well no no no no
we don't want the divorce well it's not
really up to Marvin she's divorcing him
well well maybe we can work something
out I don't know I made it really easy
for you see this happy little thought
it's called fairy tale ending I know
it's kind of ironic given the
circumstances but imagine if it's a
divorce and big red lettuce that'd be
pretty sad but this is like divorce
that's not so bad okay but Marvin
doesn't want the divorce oh come on look
man I know that divorce is scary at
first but after you get divorced you can
download Tinder and then get a piece of
strange ass and and then you itch for
the next few weeks post not Clarity is a
[ __ ] but but then you find another
woman and you get married to her and you
do it all over again it's a circle of
life okay but listen I'm not Goodman I'm
Marvin Goodman's in my body it's true
I'm bold and poor what wait wait so
you're telling me you switched bodies
like some kind of Rob Schneider movie
yes and we don't know how to get back in
our bodies well that explains why Marvin
was so mean to me yeah I would never be
mean to you baby so does anyone have any
ideas how we can switch our bodies back
well in the movies usually they miss
their old life safe and learn a lesson
and then they switch back yeah I miss my
old life I miss being rich I want my
body back well I kind of like Goodman's
life so I don't know I mean I guess I
miss my old life but but listen can you
help us figure this out uh look man I'm
in lawyer mode right now not magic mode
I don't even know how to do magic this
is a problem you gotta take up with God
hey it's me what's going on God we need
your help yeah I know I heard okay so me
and Goodman switch bodies we don't know
what's going on yeah that was me I drank
a lot of water last night and I
accidentally turned it into wine I got
pretty drunk I thought it'd be funny to
make you guys switch bodies well can we
switch back well that depends did you
learn your lesson what lesson was I
supposed to learn well maybe now that
you've seen how terrible Marvin's life
is you'll treat him better from now on I
agree it is pretty shitty he's poor and
he's married to a cow yeah exactly
that's what I'm talking about so you're
gonna treat him better now I guess I'll
treat him slightly better okay
poof in my back in my back of my body
hold on let me check oh yeah I'm back
big weeder in town ha ha poor I mean
slightly less fortunate you know what
Marvin with all the crap that you've
been through you don't have to owe a
house payment this month but I would
recommend signing those papers thanks I
guess Marvin is that really you yeah I'm
back in my bald fat body don't forget
your small wiener yeah Marvin at least
we have each other okay well while you
guys do that I'm gonna go have my maid
thank me
[Music]