all right Jeffy it's time to eat lunch
oh boy that means I get to eat cookies
no no no Jeffy you're not eating cookies
for lunch you're going to eat a big old
plate of green beans but Daddy you know
I hate green beans why can't you get it
through your thick bald head that I
don't like green beans well I know you
don't like green beans but they're
healthy and they'll make you grow big
and strong well cookies will make me big
too well they'll make you big like fat
well then I'll be just like you Jeffy
Jeffy I am not fat look look the green
beans have fiber and they'll help you
poop daddy I already CRA my pants twice
a day I don't need help pooping that's
because of the green beans Jeffy yes
Jeffy green beans are good for you so
look you're going to eat these green
beans I can't yes you can Jeffy you're
not allergic to them cuz if you were
allergic then you wouldn't have to eat
them but you're not allergic so eat them
Jeffy H allergic I got an
idea Jeffy did you eat your green be
Jeffy where'd you go Jeffy maybe he went
to his Marvin Jeffy you are so growed
for not eating your green
beans Jeffy what happened to you yeah
Jeffy what happened I was trying to take
a bite of green beans and then my face
started hurting Marvin maybe Jeffy is
allergic to green beans yeah that no
Jeffy you're not allergic to green beans
you've never been allergic before but
Marvin you can develop allergies at any
age yeah I read that too you can't read
Jeffy oh I saw it on TV there's no way
he's allergic are you sure you didn't
fall and hit your face no I did not fall
you promis you didn't fall I promised
that was not it okay look I will call a
doctor and we're going to figure out
what's going on you better not be Faking
It hey there somebody call a doctor yes
doctor we tried to feed Jeffy green
beans and his face looked like that
what' you beat the [ __ ] out of him for
not eating his green beans yeah he does
it all the time not this time not this
time look I put a plate of green bean in
front of Jeffy I walked away I came back
and he looked like that what happened
kid did you fall down no I promised that
was not it we think it might be an
allergic reaction well it doesn't look
like an allergic reaction it looks like
somebody hit him in the face with a
baseball bat well what did an allergic
reaction look like well you know usually
you get a rash maybe get itchy have
trouble breathing so what type of weapon
causes that what nothing I'll figure it
out oh so so it's not allergic reaction
well I mean if you're saying that he
looks like this after eating green beans
then I guess we have to assume it's an
allergic reaction oh so that means I
don't have to eat green beans anymore
yeah I'd stay away from the green beans
what about cookies cookies should be
fine all right pee PE well you're not
eating cookies for lunch Jeffy what else
should I feed him I don't know he's not
iguana he doesn't need a special diet
feed him whatever you want just not
green beans all right Jeffy we're to
find something for you to eat that
you're not allergic to come on Jeffy
like cookies oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
Cookie Time Jeffy hey no cookies you're
going to eat brussel sprouts but the
doctor said cookies no the doctor said
you have to eat something healthy so
here's brussel sprouts daddy these look
like the dolly green Giants testicles
Jeffy Jeffy these are good for you
they're really good they're a nice
vegetable and they smell like the patch
of skin between your ball sack and your
butthole Jeffy just eat them my daddy
she's a 10 but she smells like this I
know they don't smell good but they
taste good look just try it please try
it oh Dad I don't want to try these I
got to make sure you're not allergic try
it Jeffy put it in your
mouth
Jeffy Jeffy put it back in your mouth I
don't like it Daddy try Jeffy try it I
think I'm allergic my throat's closing
up put it back in your
mouth is it good m- okay well swallow it
come on baby let's go
so Jeffy how was the Brussels sprouts
Jeffy what is happening to your face I
definitely think I'm allergic to the
brussel sprouts Daddy it's so messed up
what is going on I can't breathe daddy
Marvin we need to call the doctor oh
okay okay I'm I'm going to call a doctor
Daddy I need what do you need I need
what do you need Jeffy cookies you're
not eating cookies Jeffy we have to call
a doctor come on a hey there you call me
a again yes doctor I gave my son
brussels sprouts and now his face looks
like this oh my God I know it's so bad
oh my God I'm going bald oh God the bald
spot on the back of my head is getting
so big well I'm going bald in the front
too I'm getting bukkaki by my hairline
oh man I used to have a full head of
hair uh I hate getting old be honest
does it look bad um I would say it's
noticeable oh I'm so ugly oh man we got
to do something about this we got to do
like Brooklyn guys hair problem fix or
Brooklyn guys hair transplant or
something I mean I guess I could wear a
hat that might cover it up you think I'd
look good as a hat guy I want you to
help me fix Jeffy oh yeah what about you
son I gave him brussel sprouts and now
his face looks like this okay you have
to be beating him fact no I'm not
beating him I gave him a plate of
Brussel sprouts I walked away and now
his face is more bruised and his eye is
swollen well it doesn't look like an
allergic reaction I mean I wouldn't be
surprised if his jaw and cheekbones
weren't broken so what's causing this I
don't know I mean I guess it has to be a
severe allergic reaction to green beans
and Brussels sprouts so we won't feed
them brussel sprouts and we won't feed
them green beans good cookies help I I
don't think cookies would help I'd
suggest you get an epip pen no I don't
think I need that I think I need cookies
you're not eating cookies Jeffrey we got
to find you a food that you're not
allergic to so come on we're going to go
find you something to eat let's go what
about cookies come here cookie one bite
hot no cookies hey I said no cookies
Jeffy it's time for you to eat something
else well then what am I supposed to eat
daddy you're going to eat a big old
plate of spinach daddy you can't just
diarrhea on your plate and expect me to
eat it it's not diarrhea Jeffy it's
spinach it's good for you like [ __ ] it
is Jeffy language just eat it Daddy if
there's anything I'm allergic to I'm
allergic to this where's my bat oh
Marvin what's this bat doing on the
ground [ __ ] I I don't know Jeffy were
you playing with this B no well baby put
it away somewhere okay but that was my
allergic device what nothing Jeffy just
eat the spinach just try it I promise
you'll love it daddy I highly down all
of this try it Jeffy oh I don't want to
Daddy put it in your mouth go and
stop it try ity try it try it try
it see it's really good dinosaurs eat
stuff like that aren't you a dinosaur
okay Jeffy look it's good just eat it
I'll be right
back Marvin did Jeffy like his spinach I
don't know let's see Jeffy did you like
your spinach
boaa stupid dog you make me look bad
Jeffy you look even worse your eyes
coming out of your head what is going on
what's this Mallet doing here oh my bad
Marvin we need to call a doctor right
now okay we have to call a doctor Jeffy
do you think you're allergic to the
spinach yeah I told you if there was
anything I was going to be allergic to
it' be this oh look I'm so sorry Jeffy
I'm sorry for trying to make you eat
this let's go call a doctor come on
cookies hey there you are calling me a
lot today look I gave my son Jeffy a can
of spinach and his face got even worse
are you sure you didn't give him cream
spinach cuz you look like he got creamed
you know like when somebody says I'm
going to cream you wait that's from The
Hub never mind what's going on look
jeffy's face is getting worse and worse
can you do something about it well he's
obviously allergic to all the stuff you
given him and you can't help him I'm not
really good with allergies the only
thing I'm allergic to is fresh cut grass
fresh cut grass yeah I know it's kind of
a stupid thing to be allergic to but let
me tell you how I found out about it so
a few years ago I go outside to check my
mail and I see my neighbor Chuck cutting
his grass and I'm like Chuck what the
hell you doing it's like 95° out here
you're going to get heat stroke but I
guess he just likes cutting his grass so
I go to check my mail and I smell all
that fresh cut grass and I fall on the
ground and I start choking and I start
seizing up when the ambulance gets there
they tell me it's cuz I'm allergic to
fresh cut grass so then a few years
after that I joined the military and I'm
at war in a place that's really grassy
and I'm Behind Enemy Lines getting shot
at and all that and then all of a sudden
the enemy starts charging us with
lawnmowers cutting all the grass in
sight so I smell that grass again and I
start season up and I can't breathe and
I almost died but then I got to meet the
president and he gave me a purple heart
cuz I'm a hero so yeah that's what I'm
allergic to okay well how is that going
to help with Jeffy you got to help us
figure out what's going on because it
looks like he's about to die well look
every time you give him vegetables he
just keeps getting worse and worse so I
shouldn't give them any more vegetables
ding ding ding cookies Jeffy you can't
just eat cookies doctor what is
healthier than vegetables I don't know
what do you like five give them fruit or
something no fruits are too yummy I
don't want wow daddy screw you no no
fruits are just like really bright and
colorful I want him to eat something
healthy like fish or look Jeffy we will
find something for you to eat come on
let's find what about cookies dny just
let me eat cookies no Jeffy you're not
going to eat cookies a cookie keeps the
doctor away look Jeffy you're going to
eat macaroni and cheese but Daddy you
ruined it by putting boogers in it those
aren't boogers Marvin the doctor said
that Jeffy can't eat any more vegetables
baby I'm just trying to make sure he's
not Faking It faking it look at his face
yeah Daddy I'm not Faking It it's not
like I'm hitting myself in the face with
a baseball bat or a mallet I have to be
clinically insane to do something like
that sometimes I wonder if you're insane
Jeffy listen Jeffy just eat it look it's
macaroni and cheese it's yummy you're
going to love it but Daddy you keep
insisting that I eat vegetables and now
I'm going to have the worst allergic
reaction yet and my ear's going to fall
off your ear's not going to fall off
Jeffy don't be ridiculous all right
we'll see come on baby let's let them
eat
okay okay did you enjoy your Mac and
Cheese I can't hear you Daddy what' you
say har his ear fell off look what you
did Daddy this is all your B but Telly
you did not lose your ear by eating
vegetables yes I did because I'm
allergic wait a second Marvin what are
those scissors doing here [ __ ] scissors
wait a minute scissors the Mallet and
the bat the scissors the Mallet and the
bat in the dining room where Jeffy was
eating his vegetables and now he looks
like that you just figuring out Blues
Clues you just figured out Blues Clues
you just figured out Blues Clues cuz I
did it to myself what you did it to
yourself Dy yes cuz all I wanted was
cookies Jeffy cookies is not worth all
this yes it is I hate green beans Jeffy
you are insane and don't you forget
itman just let him eat the damn cookies
before he dies fine Jeffy you want
cookies that bad eat all the damn
cookies you want but when you get fat I
don't want to hear it can we at least
put your ear back on
jimy he's insane yes
[Music]