no man Marvin it's nice just having a
boys day you know sitting back watching
TV drinking some brewskies it is nice
okay I'm pissed I'm going home wait what
happened I got hit in the head with this
football that's a soccer ball oh Marvin
most of the world calls this a foot Bowl
hey dang have you seen my checkerboard
Bowl it's not called a checkerboard ball
jacket it's called a soccer ball oh I
wasn't kidding me Daddy but you can't
play Checkers on it Jeffy it's a soccer
ball what are you supposed to do with it
you're supposed to kick it oh like this
I mean yeah but you could also hit it
with your head okay
what no you're supposed to hit it in the
air okay like this
whoa Mommy
player really the news
[Music]
breaking news McKay world famous soccer
player Lionel Messi has turned down a
1.6 billion dollar deal from the Saudi
Arabian football team to play for the
Miami soccer team they should have
offered it to me I would have played
soccer in Saudi Arabia for 1.6 billion
dollars he turned down 1.6 billion
dollars just to kick a ball around yeah
more in football is the biggest sport in
the world it is yeah 3.2 billion people
watch it I guess they were offering him
like 50 cents per viewer I wish someone
would offer me a billion dollars to kick
a stupid soccer ball I just got an idea
you know how your son just hit that ball
that was sick I bet if we called up the
Saudi Arabians and told them that your
son was the next big football player
they'd give him a billion dollar
contract he's never played soccer in his
life well maybe if you stop calling it
soccer they'll believe us and look if
they do take it and give him a billion
dollar contract we can split the money
because I came up with this idea if they
give him a billion dollar contract I'll
split the money with him okay I'm gonna
go call the Saudi Arabians
hey Marvin I got Prince Abu Dhabi the
owner of the Saudi Arabian football team
Prince Abu Dhabi heard that you have the
next biggest football player oh we do
he's right there yeah here's Jeffy oh
sorry I had to remote my ass Jeffy nice
to meet you he does not look like a
football player oh oh he is and Marvin
give him a flat ball let's show him what
he can do I don't know where the soccer
ball is what did you just call it he
said he said football Marvin cut the
 uh show me what you can do Jeffy
oh I like that yeah yeah you like
that so can we have a billion
dollars please not all right but I'll
tell you what my football team is
playing against the French Bulldogs
tomorrow so if your Jeffy goes on my
team and we win I'll give him a one
billion dollar contract but the French
Bulldogs have never lost exactly well
we're gonna play him and we're gonna win
because I'm gonna coach him what do you
know about football I've seen the movie
Kicking and Screaming starring Will
Ferrell and Mike Ditka oh yeah
that's it okay I'll see you
Jeffrey has apparently somehow beat the
best team in soccer well we can do that
well no you can't you're a coach of
soccer and you don't even have legs a
little bit more of it I've always wanted
to be a soccer player do you know how
hard it is to not have legs I can't even
ride horses I just fall off the back
we're gonna lose We're not gonna get a
billion dollars well it's worth a try
come on Jeffy huh
okay Jeffy this is the soccer field this
is where they said the game was gonna be
hey Jeffy how's it going you see your
team over there
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my God Jeffy they're amazing it's not
gonna be hard at all to win oh no that's
not your team over there that's the
French Bulldogs your team is over there
that's it
I said pass it
oh dear God they suck so bad oh yeah
there's the camera wiener anyway good
luck oh come on Jeffy let's go meet your
team okay okay listen this is how you
kick the ball into the goal
you missed I'm doing my best okay hey
everybody oh are you the guy we called
about forfeiting uh no I'm actually the
coach and this is your new teammate
Jeffy is he good well I've only ever
seen him hit a ball with his head he can
do that that means he's good yeah yeah
so how long do we have to practice uh
game starts now yo hello and welcome to
the professional football exhibition
game between the French Bulldogs and the
Saudi Arabian camels the match will
start now both teams take center field
okay I'm gonna give you guys a quick pep
talk to make sure we win oh no we're not
gonna beat them the French Bulldogs are
undefeated well let's pretend they're
not but they are okay well let's pretend
they're not see Jeffy here is going to
get a billion dollar contract if we win
so if we win I'm gonna give you guys
like 20 million each that seem fair
that's nothing I make 150 million per
game and I make 110 million dollars a
season why because Saudi Arabia has
money yeah it seems like it but he's
gonna get billion dollars I'm not gonna
try as hard now because I want a billion
dollars you know I just got my nails
done so you can't use your hands in
football dude she's the goalie oh what
okay well Jeffy just play like you're
gonna win a billion okay
okay it's time for the coin toss friends
since you're the away team heads or
tails heads
I said it was heads okay France goes
first
hey man listen I already know you guys
are gonna win so good game
jelly donut to you too uh coach where do
I go just go out into the field and try
to steal the ball from him oh you silly
Americans you can't beat the French yeah
I get it you're very good no we we yeah
I know I don't have any pants on Hey
listen how much money do you make a
billion dollars
Jesus I can't bribe you either how much
money does this goddamn sport make a lot
uh coach can you get off the field oh
yeah sorry oh man I hope Jeffy wins
hello yes
are you the coach of the Saudi Arabian
team uh yeah I am yes you are going to
lose badly
I'm sorry who are you I am the coach of
the foreign
yeah well smoking's bad for you first
team to score three goals wins let the
match begin
[Music]
stop it stop it stop it
that is what I am talking about suck on
these plants nah come on goal you didn't
even try
[Music]
your players ran into each other like a
cartoon get up you idiots what are you
doing
what did it
yes
that is another goal that makes it two
to zero one more goal let me win okay
time out huddle up everybody oh guys
what the hell is going on out there
coach I don't want to be goalie anymore
I know clearly you keep running away
from the ball and I hate running around
oh okay then beard guy you be the new
goalie and you girl and Jeffy you run
around and try to score points yes
foreign
oh my God the goalie's knocked out get
up you idiot hit it in woman okay
oh I did it yeah two to one wee-wee this
[Music]
oh I can't believe I missed it you are
disgusting friend are you in the
description
scored again the game is tied what are
you doing you blah blowing idiot stop
fighting they just scored again and the
game is tied I'm sorry I'm sorry too you
take me to get Hamburg I take you to get
them well girl
thank you
that's interested are you able to say
where are you going you missed this time
you snail eating Buster what did you
call me the leading Master
I'll tell you what the Eiffel Tower
oh
jeffy's here
[Music]
we won we lost School you until he's a
team but guys we did it yay we won
no we did it yeah
yeah coach we did it yeah I believe in
you guys the whole time no you didn't
yeah you're right where's my dad
coaching the other team yes he was but
look we just won a billion dollars what
about our 20 million oh well you guys
said you didn't need it and to be honest
you don't so come on Jeffy oh hell yes I
like that yeah Marvin you hear that
we're gonna be billionaires wait you
actually won yeah Danny I hit the
game-winning going with my head so you
know what that means celebratory remote
in the ass I don't care what you put in
your ass you're about to send a billion
dollar good girl
[Applause]
playing soccer
what did you just say I I said soccer oh
hell no oh
Marvin what Marvin why did you have to
say soccer what
where'd he go he left because you said
soccer well we're still gonna get the
billion dollars right no we just lost a
billion dollars because you said the
word soccer no no no no the deal was if
Jeffy won the game we would get a
billion dollar contract it doesn't
matter Marvin everybody knows if you say
the word soccer or you're associated
with someone who says the word soccer
you don't know how to play the game well
clearly Jeffy knows how to play he won
the game no you said soccer he knows
we're frauds so now what now I'm gonna
go home because this was a waste of time
I guess I'm just gonna watch TV Jeffy do
you know where the remote is oh yeah
foreign
[Music]