[Music]
it's so weird seeing Jeffy try to read a
book Marvin Jeffy what book are you
reading I can't read it's a picture book
and you got to try to find things and
right now I'm trying to find Minnie
Mouse finger in her pooper her little
rat pooper Jeffy Minnie Mouse is a mouse
she's not a rat oh rat pooper Jeffy
they're not going to have Minnie Mouse
doing stuff to her pooper in a kid book
well how would you know have you looked
no well then it could be there Jeffy
what's the name of this book anyway it's
called I spine I spy yeah you got to try
to find things like secret things they
really hard to
find s s s get in here what is it
Lieutenant Simmons you know how we
listen in on Americans phones for things
that are suspicious yeah well I heard
something suspicious well spit it out
God damn it what you hear these two guys
admitted to being Spies spies in America
yes sir I got to listen in on this
Marvin I'm hungry what do you want for
dinner I don't know Jeffy what do you
want for dinner I spy Chinese I do love
Chinese me Chinese me playing joke me go
pee PE in your Coke my God Chinese spies
on American soil here to steal our
secrets and PE and our Coke oh I knew
the Coke's been tasting weird lately
Lieutenant Simmons I want you to find
these two Chinese bastards question them
waterboard them and then throw them in
guon Moy yes sir oh yummy yummers I love
me some Chinese food I don't like
Chinese yummy noodle yum yum in my t t
Jeffy don't talk like that no this how
you po to talk when you eat panda a pray
Jeffy stop talking like that yummy Jeffy
talk
normal Jeffy talk normal what day is
what you're supposed to do I'm cultured
Jeff there's someone at the door just
eat your Panda Express baby try yummy in
my tummy sir I'm about to go in I hear
him speaking Chinese in there hello up
against the wall tiny spy what the hell
are you talking about I know you're a
spy don't even try denying it now
where's your accomplice accomplice I
don't have an accomplice I hear him
talking oh he's not speaking Chinese
he's screwing around let's go get him
mommy yummy slurp slurp the new door
like where's the other Chinese spot
we're not Chinese yummy Eggo in my t t
oh there he is y are coming with me
where are you taking them where are we
okay that light is really bright oh I'm
sorry let me see if I can dim that for
you nope it only has two settings off
and America and if you don't love
America you can [ __ ] off no we do love
America we're Americans oh okay I'm
sorry where are my manners can I get you
boys something to drink maybe a coke uh
no we're good I think you need a Coke
there you go take a sip Marvin I'm not
really take a goddamn sip
okay why does it taste like that because
I pissed him what yeah let's see how you
like it when somebody peees in your Coke
Chinese what are you talking about don't
even pretend like I didn't hear you say
me Chinese me play joke me go peee in
your Coke okay Jeffy said that I don't
even know where he got that from oh
really then why did I hear both of you
admit to being Chinese spies what are
you talking about I heard you say I spy
and that is exactly how a Chinese would
admit it oh oh this is just a big
misunderstanding Jeffy was reading an I
Spy book A book a Chinese book about
spying was it written in Mandarin no no
no it has pictures in it pictures of
Americans you're going to assassinate no
it's a kid book oh so you're going to
kill kids American kids no no no we're
not going to kill any Americans cuz we
are American we're not Chinese then why
did I hear you say I love Chinese oh I
was talking about I love Chinese food
then why didn't you say food uh well see
my wife said what do you guys want to
eat and Jeffy said Chinese and I said I
love Chinese but you didn't say food you
could have been talking about anything
Chinese cars Chinese checkers Chinese
finger traps Chinese people that you
love more than Americans because you're
Chinese I'm not Chinese oh Marvin if
that even is your real name ho Shing
ping what I don't know I was just trying
to guess your real Chinese name tell me
your Chinese name who do you work for we
don't work for anyone we're Americans I
swear that's it no more Mr Nice tie what
this is the Tie I wear when I'm being
nice and when I'm not nice I put on the
not nice tie now you don't want to see
me in this tie well don't put it on but
I'm going to put it on oh no no please
don't put it on oh no I'm putting it on
it's too late no please don't put it on
no I'm doing it here I go no please what
can we do to stop you from putting that
on actually I'm going to need a mirror
for this I'll be right back no please
don't put it on jeffy's putting on the
bad tie whatever that means okay I have
my not nice tie on let's do this okay
listen we're not going to answer any
more questions until we have our lawyer
oh a lawyer oh no there are no lawyers
here just the judge and the jury so
let's make a verdict okay no we plead
the Fifth Amendment oh amendments that's
cute you think you have rights no there
are no rights here either just one right
and one left so who wants to suck down
these knuckle sandwiches booom okay
listen we are not Chinese we're
Americans oh yeah hey Marvin
you like Ben and Jerry's of course I
like Ben and Jerry's who do you like
more Ben or Jerry I don't know who the
ice cream people I just know the name
really what about Tom and Jerry which
one's the mouse Marvin Tom or Jerry um I
think the mouse is Jerry lucky guess I
didn't know they had that cartoon in
China I'm not from China hey you want
some Ben and Jerry's Marvin um yeah I'll
actually take some I mean that's really
nice of you I thought that tie made you
mean oh oh oh no don't do that oh why
you doing that [ __ ] you oh why'd you
lick the ice cream go ahead have some
Marvin no you licked it oh it's okay I
don't have Co remember when you did that
I didn't do that we didn't do that we're
Americans you're not going to have any
Ben and Jerry's no you licked it no red
blooded American would turn down Ben and
Jerry's Marvin okay listen we are not
Chinese what can I do to prove to you
I'm not Chinese oh you don't have to
prove you're not Chinese you just have
to prove that you're American okay tell
me what to do tell me the Pledge of
Allegiance I pledge a Le not you him I
pray the Reas to the fight of the United
TB
America all right you spies meet your
cellmate muhamad mukar wait is that a
real life terrorist yeah he tried to
blow up a Denny's but since you guys are
spies you're saying in Guantanamo with
him hey Muhammad K yeah all that come
meet your new
cellmates yeah yeah I get it nice to
meet you nice to meet you too you fy
American I hate you you're scum I
wouldn't even your first goat okay do we
really have to stay in a prison with him
yes you're spies you betrayed America so
you have to get in there oh please no
come to my H AB so you're like a real
life terrorist oh yes I want to see
death to all Americans I want to make
your kids cry why you hate Americans so
much because you're so damn cocky
driving around in your little hyai
sonadas doing your taxes eating
McDonald's uh mowing your grass oh so
[ __ ] disgusting you can mow your sand
oh that's the point I want to mow my own
glass but what do you get for killing
Americans like what reward do you get oh
I get rewarded 72 versions in heaven 73
somethings Crazy M how do you know
they're all going to be girls what if
they're guys who cares men ass girl ass
go ass asses ass I just think you just
need to not kill anyone and just be
happy I don't care what you think ball
man move out the way play me in Jenga oh
you have Jenga in here mhm let me go
first m
[Laughter]
hey you two spies yeah the Secretary of
Defense wants to see you oh do we have
to go do you really want to stay in here
with
him I've got weapons of mass destruction
in this
toilet no not really and come on then uh
sir you want to speak to us that's right
or should I say Mugo G pan cuz you're
Chinese spies we're not Chinese oh shut
your ass hole we to caught you red
Chopstick handed okay look we're not
Chinese but if we were they'd be very
offensive listen if you two don't want
to spend the rest of your Chinese lives
in guantan MO Bay you're going to help
out America we'd love to help out
America cuz we're Americans uh-huh sure
so the Russian President Vladimir Putin
is meeting with the Chinese president Xi
Jinping and they're having a secret
nuclear meeting at Applebee's tonight
now there are no Americans allowed but
since you two are Chinese you can sneak
into that meeting and tell us what
they're talking about we're not Chinese
you're sure look Chinese to me but if
you two tell us what plotting you
dropped your hat I'm aware of that if
you two tell us what they're plotting
we'll be willing to Grant both of you
American citizenship oh we'd be happy to
spy on themo you don't talk like that
Jeffy that's how you got us in this [ __ ]
hole in the first place now both of you
are going to be undercover at the
restaurant as waiters okay we'll do it
um I'll get your hat no no I don't want
your Chinese hand touch my put my own
goddamn head I'm look
America I tell you shiing ping there is
no place on earth like Applebees it is
almost enough to make me like America
almost eaten good in the neighbor Hood
what that mean it means this community
has good food no what would you
recommend the for cheese mac and cheese
honey pepper chicken tender sound quite
good oh look there's our waer uh hello
Mr Vladimir Putin she Shi um this is me
I'm Marvin I'm your waiter and this is
my waiter assistant Jeffy hello I am
training today oh another Chinese my man
yeah it nice to meet you I can just
barely see you from way over here oh I
can barely see you as a will all right
what would you guys like for drink uh I
would like vodka okay vodka what would
you like sir I would like a risu wine oh
you for sure I don't think we have that
I would just to have a Sprite then okay
a Sprite and vodka what would you like
to eat I will have um how do you say
this hamburger yes I will have hamburger
all right what would you like I will
have the chicken one ton tacos and the
chicken alfredo all right that sounds
really yummy I'm going to go grab that
food and I'll be right back yes now
let's get down to business you want my
oil what the what what are you still
doing here go get food Miss come on
Jeffy no Jeffy I just come over here now
what are you willing to trade for my oil
I am willing to trade you nuclear
weapons M I like this H how many Nooks
for oil I am willing to give you two
nuke per one oil but the the the oil is
measured in liquid so like barrels or
gallons or fluid ounces I am ready to
give you two nuk po one barrel [ __ ] okay
deal yes very good deal I like this I
pay for dinner this is nice all right Mr
Vladimir here's your hamburger and your
vodka oh onions oh
yucky okay well I'm sorry you didn't
specify you wanted no onions and here
you go sir here's your chicken alfredo
oh looks are delicious and also here's
you guys's chicken won tacos let me know
if you need anything oh
yummy what the hell are you doing are
you meeting chicken won taco no the hell
you aren't I ordered those chicken won
tacos I'm pretty sure Vladimir ordered
chicken onon tacos well I'm pretty sure
you're full of this [ __ ] okay wer uh yes
sir who order chicken one tonos uh I I
think it choose your words very
carefully yes choose your words very
carefully uh uh I I I remember it
being well they're they're an appetizer
so they for the table to share they
share nothing neither do I you give me
one t tacos or our deal is off what it
looks like a dear is off okay fine I
didn't want your nuks anyway anyway fine
I did not to you anyway good I don't
want to talk to you anymore good what
Jeffy did we just call off a major
nuclear deal it what hit R Dy you two
crazy Chinese sons of [ __ ] actually
did it you got them to cancel their
whole deal well it was the chicken won
tacos listen I don't know what you're
trying to say to me and you're Chinese
but you two boys are officially American
citizens go out there live the American
dream
okay Marvin where did they take you guys
I was so worried listen baby it's been a
long day everything's fine I just want
to lay down and relax well I'm glad you
two are home hey you know what when you
guys were away I was the best at I spy
and you know what I tried it and it
turns out I love the Chinese no don't
say that I think you and I need to talk
you should have a Coke oh God damn it
[Music]
m