and perfect i really hope rose really
likes the roses i got her all right
jeffy are you ready to play golf yeah
what do i do you got to hit that little
white ball into that cup all right i got
it four
go
i think you hit chef peepee darn
jeffy you almost broke that glass face
of flowers well i'll be more careful
this time
oh no you broke the flower base let's go
check uh what's your parents gonna say
don't get over it you also hit logan's
camera during the scene and broke it
yeah the whole scene was out of focus it
kind of ruined it well you'll get over
it all right rose check out your roses
marvin what are you talking about there
were roses just right here
someone broke up marvin who could have
done that jeffy
or
jeffy get in here
you hit your dad oh
marvin are you okay
jeffy
jeffy hey danny look i'm a stripper
jeffy did you hit me in the face with a
golf ball i'm flossing my butt chicks on
the pole jeffy did you hit me in the
face with the golf ball no then where'd
you get that golf club behind you who
put that there and where these golf
balls come from darn i guess tiger woods
was here jeffy you're gonna grab a
vacuum and you're gonna clean up that
mess i'm sorry a what a vacuum what is a
vacuum come here chubby all right jeffy
are you ready to clean up this mess what
am i supposed to do with this big winner
daddy it's a vacuum you're gonna suck
all this up oh suck me daddy jeffy just
suck it up all right
good you cleaned up the entire mess that
was fun daddy well now you're grounded
for breaking it and you have to eat
green beans for dinner but i don't like
green beans daddy you have to eat every
single bite
all right jeffy you have to eat every
single one of these green beans oh no
green beans ew jeffy eat it all right
all right daddy i'm done
there's no way you ate all those green
beans ate all of it like a girl's booty
fresh out the shower well jeffy you're
still grounded all right i'm gonna go
have more fun with my vacuum
chef peepee where's my scrambled eggs oh
wow you're sleeping on the job i can't
believe you
oh
no no i'm not sleeping on the job i
think i got hit in the back of the head
with a golf ball oh wow i can't believe
you would actually lie to my face you
know what forget these scrambled eggs i
want you to make me some jello in every
single color right now get to making it
hand done man that's a lot of jello
braxton better be happy with this
braxton your jello is ready
[Music]
you took the moment
no whoops you better put it back right
now i'll see if there's a setting for
that that better be exciting for that it
looks like there's a blow setting we'll
press it all right
i hate
oh look at the little baby thomas hey
guys check out my vacuum oh you got a
raccoon i want to see i want to see no
it's a vacuum and it sucks things kind
of like cody's mom
you want to see yeah dude
[Applause]
thank god i got thomas back ah dude my
hat is totally disgusting get out of
here jeffy yes graham dude yeah take
your vacuum with you ugh oh man my face
hurts so bad marvin i popped some
popcorn how is this gonna help my face i
don't know marvin i just thought it'd be
super cute to watch a movie together and
eat some popcorn my face hurts well
maybe the movie will distract you from
the pain i think jeffy broke my eye
sockets jeffy didn't mean to hurt you
marvin okay how about jeffy hits you in
the face with a golf ball and see if
you're all happy jeffy can't do that
silly i'm too pretty what movie do you
want to watch i don't know marvin but i
would like to listen to something really
loud so we can enjoy the new surround
sound i want to hear every word that
they're saying also i need subtitles you
don't need subtitles if the movie's loud
but i want to read and listen but the
words take up half the screen come on
please
okay fine what movie do you watch hmm
how about
saving ryan's privates saving private
ryan yeah that one that's a very violent
movie very loud and violent okay
louder marvin but it's already so good
it's so loud
you ate all the popcorn what you ate all
the popcorn marvin i didn't eat all the
popcorn the whole bowl was full i looked
over and it was empty you ate it marvin
i was watching the movie with you how
could i eat all the popcorn i think you
won the movie really loud so i wouldn't
hear you munching oh are you calling me
fat no i'm not calling you fat i just i
think you have a sweet tooth for popcorn
but marvin it's a salty snack not a
sweet one i just think you're hungry for
popcorn marvin how do i know that you
didn't eat all the popcorn cause i was
watching the dumb movie and getting
tonight as from how loud it was i was
watching the movie with you just admit
you ate the popcorn good job
oh great yeah run away from your
problems marvin oh at least i can run
because i'm not overweight for me and so
much popcorn
i'm going to buy mothers well make sure
there's not a weight limit on the plane
ticket uh hello hey marvin what happened
to your face did a 300 pound girl sit on
it because last time my face looked like
that that's what happened to me oh no it
was a golf ball it was a big [ __ ] it
was a golf ball anyway where's your
house payment oh i actually have my
house payment this month the shock on my
face if you magically make your house
payment appear in my hand abracadabra
well let me go get it i'll be waiting
[Applause]
all right my house payment was right
what hey
what happened to my house baby it was
right here oh no goodman's not gonna
believe me
what are you doing itching my balls
marvin waiting makes my balls itch and
by the looks of it you coming back
empty-handed i'm about to scratch my
balls clean off my body now where's your
house payment well you see look i had it
had it well i've had it with you smell
it i'm not throwing listen where is your
house payment look i had it and it
disappeared like poof like poof like
[ __ ] houdini but yeah marvin you see
that car back there you know what that
is it's a lamborghini and you'll never
have one because you can't even pay your
own house payment now let's go inside
and try to find that house payment of
yours so it was right here yeah it was
right there and it just went away darn i
hate when that happened i promise i'm
not joking look i was so excited to give
you the house payment i bet you were and
i was so excited to get your house
payment but silly me for believing i'm
not lying look i will find the money and
i will pay it to you by tomorrow all
right if you don't pay it by tomorrow
then your face is going to look like
that but like 10 times worse because i'm
gonna sit on your face and let me tell
you something marvin i don't wipe and
i'm a
bouncer and these steel balls are gonna
be slapping you in the face the entire
time okay oh okay i promise i'll get it
tomorrow i'm leaving
can't wait to sit on marvin's face
tomorrow when he doesn't give me his
house payment wait where's my
lamborghini key oh hell no marvin
marvin what you call this looking for
your house payment sitting on your couch
i was looking for it no you weren't
don't lie to me well i'm gonna look for
it when tomorrow when it's due because
if i were you i'd be scared of my steel
balls slapping you in the face i'm gonna
look for it why'd you come back because
someone took my lamborghini key wait
your lamborghini key's missing and the
house payment's missing like who took it
i don't know maybe we should call
scooby-doo and they can figure out this
mystery but i gotta go so i called
chives and he's actually landing
helicopter on the roof right now to come
pick me up you calls uh yes chives get
me away from this poor very well sir i'm
gonna find your car keys and the money
and i'll give them both to you tomorrow
good because if you don't not only am i
gonna be sitting on your face but i'm
gonna get chives old raisin ass to sit
on your face too i beg your problem yes
the hell is that i think it's jeffy with
a vacuum oh really because what i think
it is is i think it's your wife lonely
in the next room over using power tools
because you're not good enough okay
let's go figure out what that noise is
i'm coming
in
jeffy what are you doing um um
jeff you're not supposed to be playing
with a vacuum it's a vacuum daddy and
that thing was milking me like a cow
jeffy i am taking the vacuum away from
you no that's my vacuum wait why does it
smell so bad
i'm gonna open up the vacuum and see
what's in it no daddy don't
uh
what what is all this what is that
popcorn oh no i got mad at rose for no
reason what the hell is this uh my son's
been going around the house and
vacuuming everything but look there's
your house payment
is my lamborghini key in there uh most
likely you better get to bobbin well
please don't make me put my face in that
will you either get to bobbin or you're
gonna have my balls on your face
[Laughter]
[Music]
i got your stupid damn car key
chives
selling
very well sir okay so we good
you gotta go back down there and get
that house payment
okay
[Music]