well Daniel mice don't be short Rex let
me stop it you're being annoying good
plant five I can play out shop yeah yeah
you go play outside just stay in the
yard ed don't talk to strangers okay
daddy
time for that Wow I got my dinosaur
shoes on
yaaarrr hey little boy
you want some candy yeah I'm candy how
about you get in the back of my collar
we'll have some fun okay what is to be
doing why is he getting in that car you
know this guy is nobody offered me candy
okay this car right now then just you
you want the candy right yeah the car
get all the car why did you get inside a
stranger's car cuz he had candy I told
you not to talk to strangers
hold up daddy you said don't talk to
strangers
you never said don't talk to strangers
who have candy and he had candy Jeffy's
the same thing don't talk to strangers
what would you have done if he were
taking you he probably were taking me to
the candy store
it bought me more candy no he wouldn't
jump he didn't have the money to do that
daddy these are king-size he obviously
got that cash he got that paper we're no
Jeffy he doesn't have that paper you
have taken you to his house and chained
you up Oh kinky I like where this is
going no Jeff you're not supposed to
talk to strangers
would you have gotten to his car if he
didn't have candy no so you only got in
this car cuz he had candy
yeah I'm glad we established that you're
not some of the type of strangers even
if they offer you candy if he offers you
candy supposed to punch him in the face
why do that he was just being nice to
offer me some candy and if I were to
punch him in the face I'll never wear
got the candy he wasn't trying to be
nice Jeff he was trying to take you by
offering you candy when people offer you
candy every time her to punch them in
the face and grab the candy all right
what about Halloween I'm just supposed
to be rocking in the fridge at the front
door like Dandong here's your candy bye
put in the W on Hal
you don't punch people candy Halloweens
the only day you don't do it die I'm so
confused
I'm gonna sign you up for self defense
closets cause if you knew self-defense
you would know not to get us inside a
stranger's car and you would have hid
them you were to rock them up so you
know I'm gonna sign you up for
self-defense classes right now oh please
answer Oh Jackie Joo hey Jackie - it's
me Mario I was wondering if you teach my
son karate oh yeah I could teach you
some karate but they're gonna cost you
$200 alwah 200 an hour that's expensive
yeah but I gotta put k-dog on my family
dinner table and cat and dog ain't cheap
okay well is there any way can give me
like a discount you know well we got
$200 our $100 half our $50 15-minute and
we also have $25 seven and a half
minutes you're just cutting everything
in half yeah this car well discount I
just really need teach my son karate
because someone almost took him today
and I want to teach him self-defense so
he knows how to get all those situations
Oh
all doing the dollar hour whatever okay
how do you find a cheaper option a
cheaper option all right Debbie I found
you a cheap karate instructor off of
Craigslist yo what's up your blood gang
gang
what's your crack I've got to do to get
it M word pass you're me now you got to
get a black belt if you want that pass
Oh word up no there will be no passes
giving out Jeffy he's here to teach you
karate or what's your name
Oh my name Blackie Chan I got it in the
hood because I know how to play Mortal
Kombat real good how much do you know
about karate oh I know a lot about kitty
I don't like it so much they mess with
my stomach you know Sam carrot tea yeah
can't see you know can't pee no no no I
I hired you to teach her about karate
you know fighting oh I know how to fight
look look I know how to fight I've been
to prison okay you got to know how to
fight it knows if you drop a soul you'd
have gone Oh No okay but like I need you
to teach him like self-defense because
today so I'm pulled up and offered him
candy and he got in their cars
what candy what candy it was this candy
right here if it's not snick there's a
reason I'm not getting into that car
we're gonna know he shouldn't get in the
car no matter what type of candy they
have what well what kind of car was it
if it was a leopard eat it I'm getting
in that car no it was not a Lamborghini
it was a regular car well don't get some
regular cars with people with regular
candy okay well yeah you know no matter
what can do they have or what car they
have you just don't get into a car with
a stranger so that's what I want you to
teach them I want you to teach them self
defense like if someone comes up to him
and offers them to get in the car for
candy you know how he says no you know
you know I can do that all right I got
this piece of wood from Home Depot
I think he's supposed to break it a song
so hit it mmm oh you did it oh man that
was incredible all right now what my $20
is I'm not gonna pay you you didn't do
anything yet Oh God okay look I'm gonna
be the creep oh look little boy I got
some candy and I want to tickle your
butt now what is your response oh okay
I'll take your candy and you can get to
tickling
no this is TKD I'm not tickle your butt
look at it a little bit don't let anyone
do that he'd have a kid you know we're
done here you know what here's $20 you
can leave $20 all right hey
these how go okay Jeffy do not listen to
anything he said that was a little waste
of time and a waste of $20 look Jeffy
I just want you to learn self-defense
well I already know how to fight Danny
well what then want to get in the car oh
my god why in the candy Jeffy Jimmy
USO's that's right what you two loans
you know what you're not gonna learn
anything
let's just go put you in bed and you're
not allowed to go outside anymore come
on alright Jeff you're gonna go to bed
and you're not allowed to go outside
anymore but what about going to school
what what do you mean I have to go
outside to go to school okay you could
go outside to go to school that's the
only time you go outside know about you
check the mail you don't need to check
the mail I'll check the mail oh my god
package I'll let you know if you have a
package when I checked the mail well can
I go inside to chase the Easter Bunny
no what about sherry Claus what what
about him he jumped John he's outside
when he's on the chimney but then he
come inside so you can see him when he
comes inside well day what happened if I
need fresh air the open a window but
that's outside no you stay inside the
house and open the window and just stay
inside
well can I stick my fingers out the
window no why they're just fingers okay
fine you can stick your fingers outside
all right what about my hand yes your
hand em arm you can stick your arm out
the window just all of me no you can't
go outside
oh you're not going outside No Jeffy you
guys still don't hiss at me stop it
Jeffy you stay in bed you're not allowed
to go outside okay I guess it's back I
want to give him some more candy I
wonder what worries in oh I bet it's
that one right there I like it is
attention
oh yeah yeah sure what else I
whose air boy remembers the guy that
gave you candy
oh yeah hey I got some more I can't come
outside I'm not allowed to only my
fingers well you can throw me your candy
boy are you trying to tickle my butt I
can meet you on the front door I can't
believe Jeffy got inside a stranger's
car and I tried self-defense
[Applause]
no but tickling today sir I will miss
you my reaction skills suck I can't
believe I got caught I would have gotten
away with it too if it wasn't for you
meddling kid yeah we've been trying to
catch the butt tickling bandit for years
but you finally did it Jeffy with those
karate skills of yours would you mind
shutting the door for me yeah you just
closed the door on my face sorry oh it's
fine let's just go tell your dad what
you did
oh my god yeah your son close to Cawdor
on my face well he thought the creep
yeah I guess he did that too well Jeffy
I guess you didn't heed to learn karate
after all you already know how to defend
yourself I told you daddy all right you
know how I fight every time somebody
messes with me
bye yep Bob just like the car door right
on my face Bob well how did he close the
car door on your face anyway well I
didn't get out of the way because I was
too busy daydreaming about my cat you
see my cat likes to chew on like lamp
cords and stuff so I left them home
alone and usually I unplug the lamp
cords but I think there's a lamp cord I
forgot to unplug so I'm just kind of
worried about them Andy has asthma so
there's that well I hope your cat's okay
then yeah me too and anyway the message
of this video is never talk to strangers
and be careful when people are closed
and call a door so they don't slam it on
your face yeah so Jeffy did you get the
lesson of this video
yep don't talk to strangers even if they
have candy in the car door on the face
whatever all right Jesse I'm glad you
learned your lesson you're allowed to go
outside again just don't talk to creeps
yeah I can go out sure yeah
[Music]
[Music]