all right crafts today we're going to be
learning about the digestive system so
i'm going to be eating some very
authentic asian cuisine
this baroni sandwich and i'm going to
eat it and we're going to see how long
it takes my body to digest the sandwich
and see how long it takes for me to crop
my pants
uh is this my son jeffy's classroom he
forgot his lunchbox
okay thank you so much oh jeffy poo you
forgot your lunch box
how embarrassing daddy what are you
doing here you forgot your lunch box oh
gang thank you know me it's a lunchable
with a capri sun okay daddy thank you
leave wait that's your dad yeah
your dad's bald ha ha ball dad i'm not
that bald that's very rude young man
what if i made fun of your cone-shaped
head well i'd say at least i have hair
on it well i want to speak to your
parents young man what's their number
okay their number is 1-800 get some hair
baldy all right daily just leave okay
look at the bald guy leaving what a bald
way to leave don't you make fun of my
daddy
hey stop fighting just cause he's that
ball
hey marvin did you drop off jeffy's
lunch box i did what's wrong marvin one
of the kids in jeffy's class said i was
bald oh marvin that's not completely
wrong i'm not bald i have hair on the
side of my head you're kind of bald
marvin well i look like that guy on tv
who's that really hot guy on tv uh dr
phil i look like dr phil ew dr phil's
not hot yes he's super hot and every
girl wants a doctor and i also look like
the rock i look like the rock you do not
look like the rock i look like the rock
the rock's bald i'm kind of bald i also
like steve harvey ooh steve harvey's hot
yeah i look just like steve harvey no
you don't yes i do wow daddy thanks for
embarrassing me how did i embarrass you
because you're bald and now all the kids
in school know that i have a bald daddy
well i bet some some of the other kids
dads are bald well they didn't see the
other kid's dad they saw you and your
bald head well look just tell them when
you're older that bald is considered
sexy right baby uh-huh yeah daddy i'm
not gonna sit there and let the kids
keep bullying me can we get a marker or
something and color in your hair no
jeffy look there's not much i can do
about being bald
i guess i can call a doctor and see what
the options are good okay i'm gonna call
a doctor hey there somebody call a
doctor yes doctor so i'm going bald ha
ha you're bald baldy you so bald yeah so
someone called me bald today and i don't
want to be bald anymore yeah of course
not because of how bald you are look at
your bald head well
aren't you going bald touch me i'm just
saying aren't you a little no i'm
just saying loser hey let him up yeah
let me get up yeah okay you're lucky
your wife's here well aren't you going
bald yeah but look see i can just show
you you don't have to touch me weirdo
i don't want to be bald anymore what can
i do look being bald is just part of
aging for some people some people look
really good bald like poopy he's hot
what's up
see well yes poopy is super hot and
bangable
and like nobody can be like poopy damn
right so since we can't be like poopy
and be like as sexy as him like what do
we do like can i get hearing plants oh
yeah i can give you ham plants oh thank
god how much are they oh they're about a
hundred thousand dollars well i can't
afford that i know you can't broke boy
well that has to be a cheaper option uh
yeah okay you could uh look these nuts
what's a cheaper option okay well you
could just try like buying a hat
i guess i could buy a hat yeah just be
like a hat guy you know and then nobody
could see your little bald little baby
head little bald little baby look
at the little head of yours
i'll buy a hat okay
so i'm gonna go to the hat store and
i'll call you if that doesn't work all
right let me know if you want those
implants
i'm gonna go buy a hat marvin please
don't buy a hat no look i gotta try
every option i don't i don't wanna
embarrass jeffy anymore
what's up thang what well i don't wanna
assume what you are baby what are your
pronouns mine is his him he that doesn't
make any sense marvin and why does your
hat say yolo well i went to the hat
store and i got this hat on clearance
the guy at the store said every kid's
saying yolo these days do you even know
what yolo means yeah when kids answer
the phone they go ring ring ring yolo i
don't think that's right and then when
they're swimming in the pool they play
marco yolo marco yolo hey that doesn't
sound right either mervin baby you're
being really stressed right now what
yeah you're not being lit and definitely
the lit father so i'm gonna be on fire
for them i'm the hottest things in
sliced bread but sliced bread is room
temperature you're being suss again baby
jeffy get in here what's up daddy what's
up son did you just have a stroke no
jeffy i'm being lit okay you're
definitely having a stroke mommy can you
call the doctor no jeffy look i'm just
trying to be like like you know relevant
and and hip and cool for you and your
friends this is more embarrassing than
you being bald no when your friends see
me they're gonna be like he's so lit
period poo
what's period poo i don't know i googled
like the top 10 things kids are saying
these days and period poo is one of them
so i think period poo means when a girl
takes a dump and it's her time of the
month period okay marvin we're gonna
move the hat so it looks like this now
yeah you look like you're gonna go
deliver peaches this hat is lame like
this unless i can put like a big red m
on the front of it no i don't think
that's a good idea marvin baby i think
you need to take a period poo what what
oh my hat fell off like yeah well i
think we should leave it off too no cat
yeah no
okay look i need a hat because i can't
afford a hundred thousand dollar hearing
plants
i guess we could just turn on the tv and
hope a cheaper option shows up
hello i am dr friedrich finkelshitz and
i have shaved my head to demonstrate my
newest product dr finkelshitz hey spritz
are you tired of being bound well worry
no more because one spritz of dr
finkleshit's hair spritz and you will no
longer be bald now watch this
now we wait for five seconds
it worked yes now if you would like a
full head of hair like me all you have
to do is order dr finkleshit's
hairspritz for just
19.95 order now oh my god i'm gonna
order that right now oh marvin those
infomercials are always a scam
i guess you're right i guess i'll go
back to wearing the hat nope order it
i'll go order right now period poo come
on come on hurry up with my package come
on
it's here
hello did you order dr finkelshitz's
hairspray i sure did well here you go
thank you so much um where's my five
cents what yeah you said it was 1995.
what really yeah so i gave you 20 so you
owe me five cents you you don't need the
five cents i i do need the five cents
i'm very stingy it's it's part of the
shipping how about that
okay just take the spray guys guys guys
the hair spritz came in baby spray the
top of my head okay i want to watch
hurry up do it what do i do spray the
top of my head okay
what's wrong i got it in my eyes i'm
sorry jeffy oh what's gonna happen i
don't know
daddy i can't see anything marvin that's
so much hair but it means it works all
right baby spray the top of my head oh
are you sure yeah just spray my head i
want hair okay oh i'm scared
did it work yes marvin you have so much
hair i do i bet i look so sexy i'm gonna
look in the mirror mommy can you shave
my head sure jeffy let's just wait till
marvin gets back
oh my god i'm so hot look at my full
head of hair oh my god i'm gorgeous i
can look at myself all day
mommy it's been hours i know jeffy i can
go check on him
marvin it's been three hours and you're
still staring at yourself in the mirror
baby look at me look at all my hair i'm
hot marvin you're not that hot of course
i'm hot baby you're just jealous you
don't have as much hair as i do marvin
your hair's a mess baby i understand
you're jealous because a bunch of girls
are going to want me now that i have
hair but you have to trust me i'm not
going to cheat on you marvin no one
cares about your hair that much everyone
cares about my hair especially me oh the
doctor i ain't calling back and get
revenge
hey there someone call a doctor again uh
yeah i did oh baldy is that you baldi i
don't know anyone who's bald whoa wait
don't touch my hair hey don't push me
what's wrong you wish you weren't bald
stop stop a little bald spot boy don't
call me that marvin stop bullying him he
bullied me so now that i have hair i can
get revenge hey hey little bald spot hey
hey let's check out that bald spot no
whoa hey world keys going ball baldy
so rude oh he shouldn't be bald and my
nuts are rude
okay i'm gonna use some more hairspray i
need some more hair
yeah yeah
are you okay no i'm crying in your son's
bed yeah i'm not gonna lie it's a little
weird marvin's being mean like no that
hair's changed him how do you even grow
all that hair anyway he used dr finkle
shit's hair spritz oh no don't you know
what that stuff does no what well if you
use too much of it the hair like takes
over your brain and you turn into a hair
monster oh no what do we do we gotta
shave marvin's head before the hair
takes over okay let's go oh marvin we
got something for you oh my god jesus
christ you guys like my new hair well
yeah kinda marvin that hair is
ridiculous you're just jealous you don't
have as much hair as i do marvin that
hair's gotta go
oh my god it's a monster you said it was
gonna turn into a monster well i lied
that was just an excuse to shave his
head so i could bully him again what
okay look i'm going to shave it anyway
you're not going to shave my hair get
them harry oh harry that's a very
creative name
oh god it needed me
alive oh
i did it
oh no my hair my beautiful hair why'd
you shave it all marvin that hair turned
you into a monster but like why'd you
shave me bald you could have left a
little bit of hair because marvin i love
you just the way you are oh
ha ha baldy you're bald again well you
still have that bald spot on the back of
your head yeah you're right marvin are
you glad that all that hair's gone off
your head
no no not at all i wish i had the hair
back on my head but i guess i still can
wear the hat oh no not the hat what's
wrong with the hat oh just wait yo yo yo
what's up my brothers marco yolo hey
god i preferred the hair monster you
guys are being sus hey baby why don't
you take a period poo what that's what
girls do in the bathroom so who's gonna
shave my head oh let me do it well hey
how about i do it because you guys are
acting suss am i right
[Music]