look I clean at the same time will you
have to so - you can cook but what do
you do it taking a break I don't use no
breaks - your contract
look Bowser I'm tired the cooking and
cleaning a cookie cleaning look I can
only do one job so you choose one job
cooking or cleaning I'm not doing both
look the only way you're getting out of
cooking and cleaning is if you have a
doctor's note
hey you don't so you're doing both okay
so tighten up get loose back there wait
doctor's note I know a doctor hey Lia
somebody call a doctor
Yes Doctor I need you to save my life
whoa okay what do you got going on you
got like a tattoo murderous sick this is
something yes I have a sickness are you
sick of my job
Oh tell me about it long hours crappy
pay what do you do oh I cook I clean I
watch dishes i watch close to what
that's it what are you a housewife you
know what I have to do I'm a cop I'm a
doctor I'm a firefighter
I'm a plumber and I'm an astronaut I do
literally everything but I don't
complain out loud look I just need you
to write me a note saying that I can
only
one job oh that's kind of lazy but okay
what do you want the excuse to be I
don't know it doesn't matter I have a
broken arm maybe a bad gas I don't know
think of something okay I'll just blame
it on ADHD it's what we usually do okay
that's good enough
all right all right that doctors know oh
thank you hey Bowser what are you doing
cooking cleaning no because I got this
from the doctor saying I only have to do
one job what let me see doctor it looks
pretty official to me I guess I had to
hire me yes you do because I only have
the good but now on finally now I can
focus on what I'm actually good where
are you I'm right here Bowser trying to
do my one job which is cookie well I
want you to meet the new maid her name
is Lola
see I love lime whatever language you
speak all I should be be Miami NOLA
[Music]
keep it in your pants look she's gonna
do the cookie and you're gonna do the
clean what Oh
I mean she's gonna do the cleaning and
you're gonna do the cookie
my bad I got a little confused there oh
hi Lola you're really pretty
chef peepee you know it is but me oh
that's hot
I don't know what you just said but
that's hot I say you're not the one not
manly enough mmm she's just glad that
finally back to cookie but I don't know
how much concentrate on cooking with
that sexy maid in the house you should
be you need me to clean any of this up
oh not right now baby oh you just do
your thing do your thing a beautiful
moment
I peed the bed you have to clean it up
no jr. that's not my job that's a Lola's
job who's Lola Lola that pizza enchilada
right there look - here let me show you
a woman it's right there oh my guitar I
peed the bed oh you do that you do that
are you Lola oh you must be the kid
junior and you must be Lola the girl's
gonna clean the pee out of my bed
Oh see we're nominees now I can make
random noises - you already feel good
oh you're smoking up oh yeah Naomi PLO
oh okay Oh chef peepee I think I'm in
love
no she said I was cute what she said
wasn't manly enough Shep you be that's
not good yes it is
all girls bully the guys that they like
so when she said you were cute she
obviously means you're ugly and when she
said I wasn't manly enough
she thinks I'm Hercules okay whatever
you say chef peepee yeah I know it's
whatever I say now I'm going to watch
her clean up your bed like a creep okay
oh yeah girl get dirty sheets off that
bed Chevy why you crazy
Julia it's a free country is she's not
Chevy she only likes me I don't know why
you're trying no she likes me look
Junior how about this the first person I
could get a kiss from her
go on the date with her oh I'm gonna
kiss her I doubt it I'm gonna get that
kiss hey baby how about we treat your
clothes like these sheets and take em
off
yeah hey Lola how about we take your
clothes off later under your consent
because I respect you as a woman hey
what are you doing here I'll call me
later gorgeous look Lola how about we
treat our lips like magnets and let him
connect a she doesn't like you oh yes he
does she doesn't like you because you're
a little kid she was a girl man no
surely she likes me more no she likes me
she slapped me in the face that means
something that means she want you to go
away no that means she really likes me
you'll understand when you get older
hold on up here my friend you out the
door look just come give me when
dinner's ready okay whatever oh man
she's definitely gonna give me a kiss
after she sees this meal Lola
bring your pretty stuff downstairs
dinner's ready would you like me to go
get drew no no no baby this is just for
us this is a candlelight dinner I think
no dreams of going to ruin it don't get
him I'm going right now so guys what do
you want to do today I don't know yeah
whatever you want to do junior Oh guys
my dad hired this hot new maid so hot
wait is it a dude dude how is she is
super high oh my heart mamacita
yeah I'm not ready to eat right now I'll
be down there later she does this thing
where she like speak like a Sims
language if it's not Sims jr. - oh I'm
not ready to eat right now so go away oh
yeah yes woohoo try for baby no Jenny I
think she's saying she wants us to go
downstairs and eat well you guys can go
home I'm gonna go down at heat because
she's all mine okay you can do it I'm
out of here
all right baby cars girl oh man am i
hungry Oh doughnuts rice my favorite are
you Junior you're not gonna leave the
table until you finish your food Oh
in that case I'm not to eat anything
because I'm gonna stare you all know
you're so cute then I'm glad you think
so I'm gonna tell you a sad story all
the kids in my class have had their
first kiss
except for me yeah and it'd be really
cool if I could kiss a girl as pretty as
you why don't you come over here I teach
you a thing or do chef peepee
chef peepee ha ha
yeah whatever chef peepee what do you
want chef peepee look I'm not trying to
be 6 9 but there's a thief in the house
who's thief look it's the maid that you
just hire she's downstairs
filling my heart spilling my soul and
stuffing all the money in the house
Oh fill it oh I'm gonna have to show her
she's gone she's out of here yeah you
saw her Bowser you show her who's boss
hey Lola oh hello look I don't know how
to tell you this but you're fired yes
fired terminated let go look I don't
know how you say it in your language but
adios why because he's so from your
ceilings yes five senior discount
you know sticky fingers biting the hand
that feeds you all of that stealing no
no no habla English I get it I get it
but look since you stole from me I gotta
take this from you oh yeah you know well
guys I think I have to go they told me
I'm fired
whatever that means does that mean I
don't know that means you have to leave
would you get fired for babycakes
stealing stealing it must have been
stealing my heart guilty as charged
Julia get out of here you idiot wait
wait chef peepee what before I go I love
you but we can never be together because
what Junior simply just told me that he
lied about the maid stealing kids steal
anything you gotta fight it on purpose
well I'm not going to hire her back let
her go back in China where she belongs
I think she was Hispanic dad oh uh no
habla English okay no habla English I
get it
sorry chef PPC not gonna hire best well
if she liked me more anyway
[Music]