alright Joseph are you ready to go to
the party drink root beer all night oh
dude you know it I'm so ready to take
some root beer oh yeah I'm doing bike
Cody okay wait y-you know his mom's not
gonna let him come out the house well
let's at least try okay whatever dude
I love looking at dank memes wait guys
what are you doing here guys what are
you doing here
well me and Joseph want to know if you
want to go to the park to drink root
beers and play you do well heck yeah I
want to go to the park and drink root
beer but let's go but guys it's a school
night
my mom's not gonna let me do that why
don't you go ask her she might say yes
well I guess I could ask just wait here
so honey I was thinking about becoming
vegan you know since I don't like most
foods my sausage oh I do I do that
doesn't have to stop okay there babe mom
dad wait what do you want waitress be a
bad boy yeah Cody this is mommy and
daddy time I was just wondering if I
could go to the park and drink a root
beer with my friends
now you know your white boy ain't
supposed to go outside oh no school
night yeah Cody and you know you're not
supposed to drink Ruby either
it has the word beer in it mm-hmm but
but but guys it's a soda well see that's
what he starts you off the government
want you to drink root beer
so you can have a problem when you owe
them yeah you just can't put the bottle
down mm-hmm so can I go or not no you
cannot go now go get me a room and you
don't even think about trying to sneak
out Cody we're gonna ground you and then
send your little butt to military school
yeah just like my mama gave me okay no
what about that sausage baby yeah she
said no she said no that's lame yeah
dude what is Square yeah sorry guys I
guess I'm just not gonna be able to go
why don't you sneak out I'm not allowed
to sneak out Junior my mom said if I
sneak out she's gonna ground me and send
me to military school she's not gonna
find out just lock your door I'm not
allowed to lock my door well it's only
give you like an hour to walk your doors
not gonna Chuck on you come on sorry
guys I guess I just can't go cool you're
so lame you lose your dude yeah I guess
we'll just take our root beer go have
fun by ourselves let's go do come on oh
wait wait wait wait wait I do really
like root beer yeah root beers really
good morn is cold don't make you cool
convince me
I mean we really want your sexy face to
hang out with us and drink root beer
sure okay all right you guys I'm just up
here I just snuck out of my house and
I'm living my best life drinking root
beer in the pond hey guys you dare me to
jump off this thing okay here we go guys
I think I broke my tease you did look on
the ground oh [ __ ]
okay guys what am I gonna tell my mom
she's gonna find out that I snuck out
and then I'm gonna be grounded well
you're not gonna tell her then Cody look
we're gonna go back to my house and I'm
gonna figure this out okay they'll grab
your teeth come on yeah come on Cody
stop crime we're gonna figure this out
but junior my mouth hurts and my teeth
are missing my mom is gonna notice and
then she's gonna grab me and send me to
military school your mom's not gonna
notice cuz we're gonna put your teeth
back in your mouth well how are we gonna
do that Junior I don't know a glue or
tape that's not gonna work Junior okay
no let's replace your teeth with
something else look like what corn what
coin yeah cool yeah your teeth already
yellow so corn would look good Jimmy
that's gonna look stupid come on let's
try it
yeah whoa dude it looks so good I can't
even tell the difference right
but guys how am I gonna eat what how am
I gonna eat if I have corn for tea well
you have corn for teeth so just eat your
teeth I'm not gonna have any teeth then
grab some more corn out of the can idiot
he's so stupid he's not thinking guys my
parents are gonna notice that I have
corn for tea how they have noticed the
same colors your old teeth yellow so
they kept different it looks different
Junior okay so what do i do Cody well we
need to find a way to cover this side
how are we gonna cover this up where you
get your teeth busted oh I got an idea
guys Oh what if we make it look like it
happened at school way yeah so what if
we go to school and we bring your tea
with you and we make it look like you
got your teeth busted out at school then
there no they didn't sneak out and they
know you didn't drink root beer to this
genius I know
could work but what am I gonna do about
tonight what if my mom checks on me and
sees that I don't have teeth so we need
some to cover your mouth yeah I got an
idea how about that a medical mask
Junior yeah my mom's gonna wonder why
I'm wearing a medical mask well tell her
to flu season and all your friends are
trying to make out with you well I don't
want to lie so we could make it true try
to kiss me Junior
Joseph try kissing do I'm gonna get some
this gross yeah Cody this whole thing's
a lie yeah you're right
so look go home and try to avoid your
parents what if they try to take off my
mask they don't let them okay yeah so
what you leave and I'll just keep your
teeth safe here with me no no no no I
know what you're gonna try to do Junior
what you're gonna put my teeth under
your pillow and try to cash him in with
the tooth fairy
well what could is the stupidest thing I
ever heard don't you believe in the
tooth fairy what what am i five and also
the tooth fairy wouldnt want your teeth
cuz they're yellow and gross yeah I
guess you're right I'll see you guys
tomorrow at school
yeah could you get out of here with your
accusations I would never talk do that
Joseph actually I think the Tooth Fairy
think is Tita more valuable cuz they
look gold so they might be more valuable
put them on my pillow I'll see you
tomorrow
wait wait wait what was that sound
what's that it sounded like a window I'm
gonna go check on Cody we have some of
my blood well I'll have some when I get
back I'm gonna be bigger than everything
hey Cody
oh hey hey mom what do you want well I
heard a window noise like maybe you were
trying to sneak out
no no I've just been sleeping you know
till you came in well Cody why are you
wearing that mask oh this mask well well
I heard you swallow a whole bunch of
spiders in your sleep and I don't want
that well that's terrifying
but I also forgot to give you a big open
mouth goodnight kiss well mom I think
I'm getting a little old for the big
open mouth goodnight kiss well Cody you
got one yesterday Oh mom I'm just really
not in the mood okay okay Cody I'll just
kiss you on your forehead well that was
close
what do you want dad did you brush
Sophie before you came to bed yeah well
show me there I can't what because
because what because
because the water boy I I didn't brush
my teeth see I knew it you know hi
because I'll check the bathroom and I
take your toothbrush it wasn't even wet
well you got me yeah I know I've got you
can't pull one on your pops now come on
come to the back with your breast eat
all right boy you don't brush your teeth
and I'm not staying here the whole time
ok ok let me just get it maybe we don't
get a whole bunch of do precious ego
principie ok ok ok come on
alright boy go to sleep cuz you're gonna
have a load a of Percy Oh Pete tomorrow
at the school
you got me what is wrong with my life
Cody shut up Junior my teeth are broken
in my mouth it's all swollen well maybe
you shouldn't ran in the monkey bars
well maybe you shouldna make me sneak
out of the house
well maybe your parents that they're
more cool and let you go out geniu what
is happening all right Cody we have to
make it look like a happen at school
right so when you're not expecting it
I'm gonna throw something at your mouth
and make it look at your teeth broke out
what are you gonna draw on my map I'm
not gonna tell you Cody I want to look
natural so look just shut up and paint
it in class and Joseph you know those of
my Cody's face I wanted to go oh his
teeth are out dude his teeth are out
they make it look make it look
believable all right could you just
paint it in class okay okay
all right class today we're gonna be
learning about teeth
humans have 32 teeth unless you live in
Alabama and then you miss it all your
teeth and you're married to your cousin
I'm missing three of my teeth whoa dude
you broke my nose Wow Joseph you didn't
say wow his teeth are out dude sorry do
what I forgot
Junior it wouldn't have mattered anyway
my mom's never gonna believe I get hit
in the face with a baseball in the
classroom so no baseball no no baseball
now I have to explain like broken nose
and my broken teeth all right cool I'll
hit you with a different object do we
just pay attention in class and also
know that you okay
make sure it's something that makes
sense in the classroom this time okay
okay no baseball I get it
so humans have 32 teeth but how many
teeth do short-ass I don't know let me
google it oh right here it says sharks
can have up to 50,000 teeth in there
right time Colorado
you can eat a lot of cattle t-shirts it
cool Wow Joseph you still didn't yell
his teeth are out dude do know is you're
surprised that you use a hammer yeah me
too
Jr why would we be throwing hammers in a
classroom well maybe with a science
experiment like an object in motion
stays in motion until it breaks my know
is okay Cody what object would you like
me to use any object that would make
sense in a classroom just look around
and pick it out yet okay cool I'll do it
again huh you must remember to take care
of your teeth you have to brush your
teeth every morning and every night
before you go to bed if you don't take
care of your teeth then you'll lose your
teeth see I have lost my teeth see I
brushed my teeth if I still had some Jr
why are you picking up your dad
oh yeah danced jr. yeah you said she was
an object in the classroom not a dance
my mom's never gonna believe someone
threw a desk at me there what object
would you like Cody I don't know like a
textbook why just say so
all right let's do again he dude I [ __ ]
my life though yeah Joseph said his
lines okay great but we still have to do
it again Joseph I think he'll he likes
getting hit in the face well I don't
like it you're just doing it wrong all
right let's not let's do it again let's
get it running fine just get your desk
Oh positive George Washington he had
wooden teeth but that was because his
father wasn't a cherry tree or something
I don't know how the story to go hey
Cody
let's make this more believable asked me
to toss you a textbook June 18 Utah whoa
dude yeah sorry Cody we have to do it
again Joseph didn't say his lines oh
dude I forgot my bad no no we're not
doing that again I'm done
teacher my teeth got knocked down
yeah she's got that dude Oh Cody how you
lose your teeth do you need me to call
them no oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you
know what Cajuns all my parents tell
them what happened
Cody you teach it told us you got your
teeth knocked out at school yeah what
your face look like that oh well I told
my friend junior to toss me a textbook
and here cuz they only tossed it too
hard and hit me in the face well Cody
are you sure it wasn't on purpose yeah
this won't look like an accident this is
a look I hate crime no no no no he's
white it really it doesn't it doesn't
really hurt that much I I just really
want my teeth fixed well Cody I think we
should press charges yeah we can get him
arrest in that no no no that that's fine
really I'm not that worried about it oh
yeah we could even sue them oh we should
see if this surveillance footage
Tyrone called the teacher okay I'll do
that babe no no we don't have to do all
that
roll would you walk hey Cody's teacher
we were wondering if there were any
cameras in the classroom that could have
seen what happened to Cody today oh yeah
a camera but uh
what's it yet you wanna see it oh yeah
let's watch it no no that that's okay I
don't really want to relive it well Cody
I want to know what happened to you
let's watch it
alright mom so if you watch it dad yeah
that's a baseball yeah that's not a big
deal oh and that's a hammer yeah he did
hit me with a hammer - yeah yeah he hit
me with a desk what else oh oh that's
right yeah and then then there's the
textbook the textbook I told you about
oh my poor baby
see I knew it was deliberate I knew it
was a hate crime Cody he hit you at the
baseball was that a novel Cody would
definitely pressing charges
oh no no we don't have to do that really
really III told him to do that it's okay
no Cody that kids going to jail I'm
gonna go call the police yeah you do
that baby huh who could that be uh hello
hey there kid mind if we come inside and
talk to you for a minute oh yeah what's
going on shut up
but you know what I'm sorry I I just
like to feel powerful what will explain
inside okay all right kid here's what's
happening this kid's parents want to
press charges against you for what you
did to his face
what's press charges me that means
you're getting arrested arrested for
what cuz my face is purple like a grape
you know I like grapes
I eat grapes I don't want to eat my son
face thank you Dad
you're welcome but didn't do anything oh
yes you did you threw a baseball a
hammer a desk and a textbook at his face
you told on me you Little Snitch they
had a video jr. and I want him to get
the highest punishment I'm talking about
the election [ __ ] he's not gonna get the
electric chair but he'll probably get
like six months in jail at least six was
in jail I don't wanna go to jail cooee
tell the truth I don't want to go to
jail yeah I don't know what to do well
I'm not going to jail
oh yes you are now turn around so I can
read you your rights alright you have
the right to remain silent
let's see what else you can remain
silent I know that something about a
lawyer yeah yeah yeah you can get a
lawyer you should probably do that
I can hold something against you - what
was it length my body no no I can't do
that I can't hold that against you
that's illegal you look up the rights on
your own you're under arrest
cooee come on please telling the truth I
don't go to jail I don't want to get in
trouble
Cody be a man I don't want to go to jail
hold on I have something to say okay
what is it well junior threw stuff at my
face because I told him to because we
were trying to cover up
fact that I snuck out last night to
drink root beer at the park and I broke
my teeth oh no Cody you didn't okay
believe my Jewish ears Cody I can't
believe you would sneak out you know
what oh my god you are punished for life
now now hold on
I think Cody's been through enough
punishment already just look at his face
it is pretty ugly and bruised yeah your
face is pretty messed up kid did you
learn your lesson
yeah Cody do you learn your lesson yeah
I definitely learned my lesson I would
have much rather of getting grounded
than have my face messed up
I will never sneak out again yeah you
learned this lesson so the lesson is
never sneak out Cody no matter how much
I try to peer pressure you to do with it
yeah
[Music]