all right class did you know that if
there was a road that went straight up
into the sky and you drove on that road
at 62 m an hour it would only take an
hour to get to space that's so cool hey
Penelope if I was in a car driving 62
mph how long would it take me to drive
to Uranus hm that's a really good
question Junior hey teacher how long
would it take to drive to Uranus that's
a good question Pary if there was a road
from Earth to Uranus and you got on that
road in your car and started driving 60
MPH it would take about
28567 years to get to Uranus well Junior
I guess I'll see you in
2,856 years so you're saying there's a
chance guys guys guys Penelope just said
in 2,856 years she'll date me jior
you're not going to live that long never
lose hope dude but Cody Cody she's
basically saying that she likes me and
she'll give me a chance that's not how I
would have interpreted that no no she
said I didn't have a chance she would
have said never ever ever but she said
2,856 years so basically she secretly
likes me so I think it's time for me to
ask her to be my girlfriend what she's
going to say no well not if I give her
chocolate and jewelry and Candy well all
of that costs money how are you going to
get it um I'm going to do chores around
the house and my dad's going to give me
allowance and I'm going to ask Chef PP
for money so mostly you're just going to
ask Chef PP for money yeah and I'm going
to ask her to be my girlfriend and she's
gonna say yes and you guys are going to
be jealous cuz I'm G to have a
girlfriend and I'm gonna be too busy
making out I'm not going to have time to
hang out with you guys
so these look so good hey Chef peipi
what do you want junior I'm frying
Twinkies right now well there's this
girl at school and I really like her and
I want to buy her a bunch of stuff wait
wait you got to buy her stuff oh she's a
gold digger she's for the streets drop
her off on the curb well no no she's not
asking for stuff I want to get her stuff
so that she'll be my girlfriend wait
wait you shouldn't have to buy her
anything look she should like you for
you Junior well I was just wondering do
you have any money I can borrow I only
have a dollar I don't get paid that much
Junior what Junior give me my
dollar uh dad oh what do you want junior
I'm watching TV um well there's this
girl at school is she white yeah Dum her
wait why white girls don't clean their
feet Junior they're always walking
outside barefoot till they get the
orange things on their feet and then
come tracking it in your house watch
your damn feet what's wrong with them
look just get a Hispanic girl they know
how to clean their feet they're very
hygienic well I really like this girl
and I have you seen her feet no look go
look at her feet then come talk to me
bet you change your mind dirty ass feet
oh I've seen her feet they're really
clean what a white girl with clean feet
Ain't No Way Ain't No Way boy why you
lying to your daddy you ain't got a lot
of your papy well that is there anything
I can do around the house like can I
clean the house for money huh you going
to have to vacuum the floor after she
come tracking her dirty ass feet in my
house oh no dad dad enough with the feet
stuff is there can I like clean the
house like can you give me money if I
clean the house I guess I can give you a
$100 if you clean the whole house $100
yeah okay I'm going to go clean the
whole house oh man the Twinkies burned
and I still can't believe junior took my
dollar what's the noise
Junior what are you doing Junior what
are you doing what Junior what are you
doing oh I'm vacuuming the kitchen you
don't vacuum the kitchen you sweep the
kitchen idiot and why are you doing it
anyway dad said if I clean the entire
house he give me $100 $100 he doesn't
even pay me that much you know what
since you're vacuuming in the kitchen
I'm going to go on vacation God
okay oh yeah she's going to love all
this wao dude that's a lot of stuff yeah
Junior you didn't have to do all that I
want her to say yes when I ask her to be
my girlfriend dude you are siing yeah OJ
Simpson over here nice little nerd I'm
not going to kill her guys when she sees
this she has to say yes oh here she
comes here she
comes oh my God look at all this stuff I
love roses and Hershey Kisses are my
favorite oh my God Olive Garden yeah
only the best for you what Junior you
did all this yeah I want you to be my
girlfriend oh Junior I don't know what
to say you say yes Junior I have a
boyfriend
[Music]
damn you have a boyfriend who
bully n hey babe how long have you been
dating him he asked me out last week I
like bad boys who gave you all that
stuff cuz I sure as hell didn't I don't
know how to show affection oh he's so
bad I could be a bad boy uh uh ow Junior
dude you hit her well well Chris Brown
is bad right just trying to be like him
yeah he is bad wait wait so I gave you
all this stuff though yeah look hey babe
we're going to Olive Garden tonight hell
yeah unlimited bread sticks wait no no
hold on hold on on um um I'm actually
going to need that back wait what let
let me talk to you for a second let me
talk to you for a second let me let me
spit something to you so um I didn't
know you had a boyfriend or else I
wouldn't have done all this stuff for
you but Junior I thought you were being
nice no no no no listen I'm not nice
okay I was just doing this cuz I like
you and I wanted to date you but if I
would have known you had a boyfriend I
would have told you to kick rocks but
Junior this is a gift but listen but
listen why would I pay for you and
another guy to go out to eat that
doesn't make any sense right like he's
going to smash on on my dime that's not
how that works Junior are you serious
right now Junior it's a gift you're just
going to have to cut your losses on this
one you're going out sad
dude you know what go to your stupid ol
garden with your boyfriend but he'll
never be able to do the stuff I just did
for you and and I hope he choked on a
bread stick and I hope you choke on his
bread stick what
this is sad you've been crying for 4
hours because guys I did all those
chores I wasted all that money just to
get Penelope all that stuff and then she
has a boyfriend you shouldn't have been
sipping in the first place dude yeah
Junior I told you this was a bad idea
you shouldn't have bought all that stuff
I did not know she had a boyfriend Cody
if I would have known she had a
boyfriend I would have done all that
stuff look I checked all her social
medias just to make sure she didn't have
a boyfriend I checked her Instagram I
checked her Facebook there were no signs
of this n anywhere Junior I'll allow it
he's grieving right now thanks n hey hey
you better not ever say that ever again
sorry but look guys I just paid for her
to go down to dinner with her boyfriend
yeah Junior you lost your man card for
that one yeah dude you're down bad
should I call her and ask her how the
dinner's going no Junior that's
embarrassing yeah she's getting her gust
filled up right now what I mean the
breast sticks dude from Olive Garden
okay good yeah and at home too what dude
we don't know if Bully's packing or not
guys okay what if what if while she's at
the dinner she's thinking about me you
know she's like she's like oh well
Junior paid for this so so obviously
she's thinking about me right I don't
think so Junior okay well what if okay
guys we got to do this let's go to Olive
Garden and try to ruin the date yeah
let's do that dude that sounds desperate
oh I don't know if I can be your friend
anymore dude yeah Junior this is sad I'm
going to go home guys okay please please
please go with me I'm begging you I'm
begging you please can we go ruin their
dinner date cuz if we ruin the dinner
date then she's going to think of me and
she'll she'll date me uh I don't know I
guess I'll ruin it I like ruining things
just like my mom's
marriage let's do it okay
oh my God I love being in Olive Garden I
feel like I'm in Italy I feel like I'm
in Olive Garden do you like your salad
no I'm not going to eat it I refuse to
eat anything healthy oh my God you're
such a bad boy I'm just going to eat the
pepper and mysterious so like why do you
even like me anyway my parents put so
much pressure on me to be a good girl
and make good grades I just want to
rebel sometimes and date a bad boy
that's lame how are the salads I'm not
going to eat e mine oh well are you
ready to order um can we have a few more
minutes very well why was that waiter
like all up in my business I'm going to
hit him next time he comes over I don't
know whether to get the chicken alfredo
or the lasagna I'm getting the chicken
alfredo so you are too oh my gosh well
what about dessert we can't afford
dessert cuz your stupid friend only gave
us $50 so just eat the little mince that
came with your bread all right Joseph
there they are on the date that I paid
for how you going to ruin the date dude
I was thinking about beating up the
waiter and dressing up like the waiter
and then like spitting in their food and
stuff oo I love that yeah that'll
definitely mess up the date yeah okay so
help me jump the waiter
okay
 let me get his let me get yeah
yeah run that all right Joseph how do I
look pretty spiffy bro thanks bro now go
get him tiger okay salad is gross you
keep saying that all right guys what
would you like to eat what Junior what
are you doing here wait you recognize me
yes oh damn it well uh your old waiter
got jumped so I'm your new waiter what
all right so uh what would you like to
order we would like the chicken alfredo
chicken alfredo good choice I'll be
right back with that who oh man oh my
God I'm so sorry about that you should
you should pick that up before it burns
the whole place down junior all right
Joseph I have their chicken alfredo what
should I do to it I got an
idea fight that
 all right Joseph now that we beat
it up what do we do now spit on it dude
oh yeah spit on it
that's so gross o oh I should go dump it
in the sewer oh yeah you should get all
types of fungus and gross stuff on it
yeah cuz if Penelope gets sick while
eating this she's going to think she got
sick cuz she went on a date with him oh
you're a genius dude I'm going to do
that all right here is your food ew
Junior what is this it's chicken Alfred
o no Junior this is disgusting it smells
like somebody pooped in my Alfredo
compliments from the chef I'm not eating
this are you saying this is the worst
date you've ever been on Junior if
you're trying to ruin this state it's
not working I'm not trying to ruin the
date I'm trying to ruin you guys'
relationship I'm trying to make you not
like him you're not making me not like
him you're making me not like you come
on Bully let's get out of here yeah
let's blow this Popsicle stand but oh
man stupid dumb dumb date did she break
up with him dude no she said doesn't
matter how bad the date went she still
likes him for him ah that sucks well you
know what you have to do now what kill
him well I'm not going to kill him
Joseph well I guess you have morals dude
o you could pretend to be him and then
treat her really badly and she breaks up
with him that's a good idea Joseph I
should dress up like Bully and then
treat her really bad yeah I'm going to
see if I have an outfit that looks like
him okay all right Joseph how do I look
bully what are you doing here if you
punch me I'm going press charges what
Joseph it's me Junior oh dude I didn't
even recognize you you look just like
Bully with the nose ringing everything
well I'm going to call Penelope and I'm
going to tell her to come over here and
I'm going to treat her really bad and
then she's going to break it with bully
okay dude okay I'm calling Penelope it's
ringing uh hello Junior why are you
calling me uh this isn't I mean this
isn't Junior this this is your boyfriend
boyfriend bully bully why are you
calling from Junior's phone UHC because
uh I came over to his house and I beat
him up and took his phone why would you
do that because my name's literally
bully I bully people I'm mean a you are
so bad oh yeah yeah so I was wondering
if you want to come over and like sit on
his couch and hang out oh okay I'm
coming over right now okay see you never
or maybe soon I don't care I'm bullied I
don't
care what oh no she's here already she
comes fast hopefully let me put this
back on uh hello hey bully what are you
doing here uh you invited me over oh
that's right I invited like 10 girls
you're were like the fifth girl I called
oh my God top five really I mean uh yeah
so if you want to come inside you can
okay why does she like being treated so
bad okay so I have a question make it
quick so at dinner you ask what makes me
like you but what makes you like me what
makes me like you yeah well I like
bigger girls you're so silly no like I'm
being serious I like really big fat ugly
girls and you're perfect for that you
have such a good sense of humor what how
does she possibly like this oh yeah so I
just think you're the ugliest girl I've
ever seen okay so what do you want to do
well I was thinking you could step on a
scale and then when your weight pops up
we go what it can go that
high you're so funny okay this is not
working uh I got to try treating her
good if I treat her good maybe she won't
like that yeah but to be honest with you
I really think you're the most beautiful
girl in the world what yeah like your
eyes they remind me of the color green
you're being weird weird this is who I
am I'm not really a bad guy I'm actually
a really nice guy and I think you're
gorgeous and I want to treat you right I
don't think this is going to work out
what do you mean well I thought you are
bad and you're being nice and good well
this is just who I am baby so so you're
saying you're breaking up with me yeah
really oh okay so uh so so call my real
phone and break up with me I'm not good
at breakups in person so call Bully's
real phone not Junior's phone call
Bully's phone and break up with him and
don't tell them why just say I'm
breaking up with you and all my
piercings are fake that's why they keep
and and my hair's fake just what is
going on oh just call call Bully's phone
and break it with him on the phone
[Music]
okay what do you want hi bully I'm
calling to break up with you why because
you're just so fake your piercings are
fake your hair is fake and you're just a
fake fake Faker I don't know what you're
talking about I'm breaking up with you
you're single now bye
boy
suck hey Penelope hi Junior I'm sorry my
ex-boyfriend beat you up and stole your
phone it's okay wait did you say
exboyfriend wink wink yeah I just got
off the phone with him and broke up with
him oh well now that you're single you
want to date me no Junior I can't you're
just too nice well I can be bad no you
can't hey you're under arrest for what
for beating up an old man and stealing
his clothes oh I did do that Junior you
beat up an old man and stole his clothes
yeah oh my God you're so bad come on
coming with me you wait for me right
I'll wait for you oh he's bad and you
little missy need to get home and stop
hanging out with criminals fine dad I
Wish I Never Had A
Daughter there were no sign to this
ninja anywhere Junior I'll allow it he's
grieving right now thanks Ninja
oh
[Music]