so Cody what do you want to do today I
don't know Junior want to watch TV
sure let's watch TV yeah do you like
spiders
do you like remote-control cars then you
need to buy this remote-control spider
it's only 89 99 buy it now whoa awesome
how could we have to buy two one for you
and one for me but junior it's $89.99 we
don't have that kind of money you're
right we're not rich ooh I'm asked my
dad if he has money okay okay hey Dad Oh
what do you want to hear can I borrow
$200 what will me and Cody both want
this thing that's $100 each well it
sounds like you and Cody need to get a
job maybe sling some leg like your dad
did when he was young
cuz I'm not giving you any cash kid a
job yeah get a job okay what'd he say he
said that we should go get a job and
make our own money but what kind of job
are we gonna get that's gonna pay us
that kind of money I have no idea what
who's that
maybe it's Joseph Joseph Aziz the door
hello hey there you're not Joseph no no
I'm not and we didn't call it doctor
either what are you doing here well I
just came to offer you kids a job a job
what kind of job well I have this really
rare bird at my house but I don't have
anybody to watch it so I was just
wondering if you guys wanted to babysit
it for me I mean I'd be willing to pay
you 100 bucks each a hundred bucks yeah
well we're definitely do it okay come on
follow me okay you two I have a very
simple job for you all I need you to do
is babysit this endangered bird right
here he's a rare rainbow dodo now all
the donors are extinct but we found one
and we're looking for another one so
they can mate and maybe bring the dodo
back he can't fly and he's as dumb as a
rock so all I need you guys to do is
just watch him and don't take him out of
his cage if you need to feed him which
you shouldn't just feed him this bird
food right here and definitely do not
feed him these cocoa puffs
okay chocolate is poisonous to birds and
he will die I let these cocoa puffs here
for you guys in case you guys get hungry
I put them next to the bird food for
convenience so once again feed him the
bird food not the cocoa puffs well what
if I want to eat the bird food you got
what I said right oh yeah yeah I got it
okay good now if you guys need anything
just call me okay I'm only gonna be gone
for an hour now do not screw this up
Junior this is so easy all we have to do
is stay
bird for an hour and we make $100 each I
know this is the easiest job ever yeah
[Music]
okay I'm bored let's take him out the
cage but no junior he said we can't take
him out of the cage
why not we're inside a house it the
worst is gonna do is fly around you
can't fly junior you can't fly know what
kind of bird can't fly
you know like penguins and ostriches and
Dodos what stupid what a lame bird he
might want to be a dog and look if you
can't fly then let him out and walk
around he said not to take the braids
out of the cage and we're not going to
what would you want to be locked in a
cage all day no but I'm not an
endangered bird can I at least feed him
junior he's not hungry we only have to
watch him for an hour
look he's starving he's begging for food
he's like Cody please feed me he's not
begging for food Junior he's just making
bird noises cuz he's a prairie okay so
you like to walk up animals in cages and
don't feed them well you're a good
person
okay fine Junior you can feed him I'm
gonna go to the bathroom okay which bird
flu do I feed him the one with the bird
on it the one with the bird on it
okay well that has Birds on it like
multiple birds and that has a bird on it
and and birds are cuckoo for cocoa puffs
he's cuckoo for cocoa puffs I've never
heard a bird say that they're cuckoo for
caught the trio and love bird formula so
he's gotta want cocoa puffs okay he
wants cocoa puffs
okay eat your cocoa puffs birdy cocoa
puffs the main vein you feed the bread
yet Junior wait Junior where's the cocoa
puffs Junior did you feed the bread
cocoa puffs aww
would that be a bad thing yes you know
that would be very bad because the bread
would die he would die yes Junior
chocolate is poisonous to birds
oh well then no I'm cocoa puffs oh
really so I guess he just pooped in the
bottom of his cage and now he's eating
it well yeah cuz you with my me a lot of
his cage so he just pooped in his cage
and the roof of his cage is that box of
cocoa puffs well there was a tornado
while you're gone it was just throwing
stuff around in the box landed right
there Junior you fed the bird cocoa
puffs it now he's gonna die he's not
gonna die Kelly I only gave him a little
bit and if he eats a little bit that
won't kill him it'll probably only kill
him eats a whole box oh he's not gonna
die
Junior
bird fell over well maybe just sleeping
or maybe he's dead because you fed him
Coco Pops
he's not dead code he's just sleeping
he's retired Junior let's just get him
out of the cage so we can check on it
well we can't take my on the cage code
it's against the rule remember we can't
take him out of the cage well now we
have to because it's an emergency okay
so when you want to take him out the
cage is fine but when I want to take him
out of the cage the problem Jade just
shut up and get him out of the cage he
looks fine to me Cody Junior he's not
moving well you said he can't fly so
what are you supposed to do he's at
least supposed to move a little bit look
junior I don't hear a heartbeat why are
you short Birds even have hearts yes of
course they have hearts Junior we get
wings that don't work so maybe it's a
hardly does it work I need you to take
this seriously okay the do sepia or
something okay
you're not the mouth Junior it's not
working I think he's dead you just
killed an endangered bird me you're the
one who told me to feel him Coco Puffs
what you know I did it did you told me
to fear him the one with the bird on it
well yeah the bird food yeah that's what
I said the one with the Berta let me
show you see Cody look I gave the one
with the bird on it that's a bird oh
come on Junior I met the bird food with
the bird on it okay that's not a bird
that's two Birds you should forgive them
the one with the birds on it not the one
with the bird on it you should give the
one with the birds not the one with the
bird it's your fault
well I'm sorry junior I expected you to
know the difference between a breakfast
cereal and birdseed well the one they
say birds say they're cuckoo for cocoa
puffs
they don't say that Junior That Bird
said he's cuckoo for cocoa puffs well
that's cause he's a cartoon bear how
does he not die if chocolate kills birds
then how is he not dead because it's a
cartoon and he's not real well then
maybe they should put on the buck not
meant for actual birds with junior wish
that buried
wasn't he right there well he's not
there now my phone's ringing
hello hey there there's something I
forgot to tell you about the bird so
sometimes he likes to play dead so that
you take him out of the cage but then
whenever you turn your back he gets up
and runs off so I just wanted to let you
guys know that but don't worry you guys
are too smart to fall for that all right
I'll see you guys later all right
what is it Jenny okay sometimes the bird
like to play dead and then when we take
him out the cage he gets up and runs
away
what don't you think that's something he
should have told us yeah he said you
just remembered so anyway we hit the
file hit me somewhere in the house yeah
birdie birdie where are you
birdie Oh Cody he has a pool yeah but
he's not gonna be outside he'll be in
the house somewhere but I know he had a
pool he's never invited us over and he
never will birdie birdie birdie birdie I
found a dog Cody we're looking for a
barrack Junior well I don't know you had
a dog birdie with junior you left the
back door open but yeah it's kind of hot
in here look junior now he could be
outside he's not outside Co he's only
been open for like 30 seconds well now
we have to go look we don't close the
door he's not outside Junior there's a
trail of cocoa puffs leading outside
okay well ants could have brought those
there ants yeah I'm sure it was ants
Junior he's outside okay well look here
the fenced-in backyard so he couldn't
have gone far let's look outside okay Oh
Cody look junior the bird drowned in the
pool well that's what happen if he could
fly
it wouldn't have happened if you hadn't
left the back door open that wouldn't
happen if you would've told me to feed
him cocoa puffs I didn't tell you to
feed him Coco Pops yes you did the bird
bird you remember Junior I don't care
the birds dead now what are we gonna do
okay we have to try to find a way to
replace him look if I can find a
replacement he's dead so we have to
replace him what I can't believe the
bird drone Cody I can't believe we let
him out of his cage it was a simple job
oh he had to do is stare at him hold on
my phone's ringing uh hello hey they
have me again there's another thing I
forgot to tell you about the bird so
sometimes he likes to lay face down in
the pool pretend he drowned and then
whenever you turn you back he gets up
and runs off but I don't even know why
I'm telling you this because he really
shouldn't be outside his cage and
definitely not outside the house but
don't worry about that
oh yeah there's one more thing I forgot
to tell you I also have a dog named bird
killer I named him after his favorite
thing to do so you know just keep him
away from the bird but he shouldn't be a
problem
alright bye
oh goody go outside now Cody he's gone
oh great jr. now he ran off
oh the backyard is still fenced in so we
can just look around the backyard come
on Cody the back gates open well great
now he could be anywhere in the world
well actually he can't be in the air cuz
he can't fly Junior we don't have time
for this okay look he could be anywhere
in the world right now so we have to
replace it cuz we're never gonna find
him so we should try to find a bird and
put him in the cage and see if he
notices he's an endangered bird Junior
we're not just gonna replace him well we
can try come on all right Cody how do we
replace this bird we're not going to
replace two very junior it wasn't one of
the tight endangered bird we'll never
find another like it we need a miracle
god help us God thank god you're here
yeah thank me well God what are you
doing here well I heard you needed a
miracle so here I am
Oh God we need your help look we were
supposed to be watching this bird and
then we lost it so we need you to bring
it back mmm sure I could bring it your
bird back or I could give you a dragon
dragon dragon Kui God give us a dragon
no Junior we need the bird Kui
when God offers you a dragon you don't
turn down a dragon no Junior we have to
get the bird now Cody says we need to
get the bird give you the bird or I
could give you a literal freakin
fire-breathing dragon it's a little
fabricated it doesn't matter what
happens when he comes home and he finds
out we lost his bird he's not gonna
notice the birds missing when he sees a
literal freakin fire-breathing dragon in
the cage just shut up and get the bird
all right God Cody says we have to get
the drug huh isn't that cert yes it's
very sick but we needed a bird yeah well
I just wanted to make a dragon today
anyway I'm off to Vegas I have a lot of
work to do since they call it Sin City
yeah you get it all right I'll be at the
craps table
Junior we had one figure from God and
you wasted it on a dragon with the
dragon so cool though
it doesn't matter Junior we didn't need
a dragon we needed a bird well maybe we
can train the dragon to be a bird how
are we gonna do that
Junior well I bought this tutorial How
to Train Your Dragon
so all I can do is watch that and they
will teach us how to train the dragon
okay huh pop it in I guess let's go
watch it all right Cody let's watch this
tutorial hopefully it's step by step
yeah oh hey bird killer jr. I don't
think this movies about training dragon
yeah no I think it's just a movie
yeah and I think it's the third one like
maybe if we'd seen the first two we
would learn something
yeah I'm not learning anything did you
took the top off of the cage to feed the
bird Coco Pops oh yeah I also think the
dragon ate bird killer cuz this is bad
Dana what wait so then the Dragons name
should be dog killer Oh probably the
dragon back inside the cage
I don't know Junior we need something
that it'll eat will it already ate the
dog so we need another animal put on my
phone ringing hello hey there I'm on my
way home but before I get there could
you do me a favor and feed my cat for me
you have a cat yeah his name is dragon
food I named him after the thing I think
he'd be good for uh okay yeah okay thank
you I'll be there in a minute bye all
right Junior now we've killed all this
man's pets first his bird then his dog
now his tax well his cat's name was
dragon food I mean come on
Wow fair enough at least we had the
dragon back in the cage wow I can't
believe I found another one just walking
around in my front yard
yeah now I can get them to mate off is
awesome Oh Cody normal you guys would
not believe what I just found wandering
around in my front yard
it's another Rambo dodo now I can get
this one to mate with that one it
sounded dragon yeah that's a dragon but
what happened to my rainbow don't know
oh it turns out that your rainbow dodo
was actually a dragon disguising to be a
rainbow dodo whoa
really I never would have guessed that's
crazy well it's a good thing I found
this rainbow dodo outside so at least I
have one
yeah you
your rainbow dodo to mate with this
dragon and then you have a dragon doh
that'd be so dope okay they're both in
the cage so now they can start mating
look at that they're already going at it
all right now where's my cat my dog can
you pay us real quick and me and cool
you got to go home oh yeah sure here you
go all right I could grab - go all right
bird killer dragon food where are you
yeah Cody that we both have $100 yeah
but we had to kill three animals to get
it but now we can buy that new toy yeah
[Music]