junior you stupid brags your pancakes
already oh man pancakes for dinner what
the eww rose what should be why is our
pancakes green i put broccoli in your
pancake so it could be healthier just
eat it god that's so gross yeah i'm not
eating this me neither dude you're right
guys we don't need this yeah this stuff
is gross yeah let's go on strike yeah
let's make out no let's throw our plates
at the wall
[Applause]
was loud yeah
let's go tie up chef pee pee steal his
credit card and order pizza yeah
julia what's all that ruckus in there
let go of me let go of me come on
where's your credit card chef pee pee
what
where is it i'm not giving you a credit
card ow stop hitting me ow hold on
junior you're being a little too rough
with him so what are you gonna do four
eyes huh
you spit in my mouth ew that's what
daddy likes now where's your credit card
you dirty little pig boy i'm not giving
you my credit card all right cody's
happy to calm down yeah i'm sorry ow
where is it i'm not giving it to you ow
stop hitting me uh junior i found his
wallet oh we found your wallet give me
my wallet don't take my wife ow in the
closet you go no please not the closet
it's not that bad chef pee pee i've been
in there my whole life let go me guys
i'm gonna be in closing please please
please
okay guys let's go order some pizza yeah
eskimo kisses
get off me cody okay
okay guys where should we order pizza
from well there's so many places to
choose from there's papa john's domino's
pizza oh look at the commercial hey
there my name is 30 second sammy and not
for the reason you think have you ever
needed a pizza in 30 seconds like you
just can't wait you need a pizza right
now we'll just call 30 second sammies
and we'll have a pizza delivered to you
within 30 seconds or less that's a
guarantee or the pizza is free how do we
get the pizza to use so fast well we
don't stop for red lights we don't stop
for school buses i ran over my dog
everyone's in danger we have no regard
for human life only pizza i have pizza
coursing through my veins my wife gave
birth to a full pepperoni pizza so just
call 1-800 fast pie that's 1-800 fast
pie guys let's order from there they can
make a pizza in 30 seconds there's no
way they can make a pizza in 30 seconds
my dad said i was made in 30 seconds
mine too dude all right i'll call them
all right guys i ordered the pizza what
kind of pizza did you order cheese not
what your teeth look like what kind of
pizza did you order cheese not what's in
your ears cody what kind of pizza did
you order no i ordered a cheese pizza
you could just said that oh that must be
them they came fast yeah my dad did too
that's how i was made hello hey there
got your pizza here in less than 30
seconds so i get to keep my job
hey greg my silva here's your pizza all
right thank you uh you look familiar oh
i don't know about all that i moved down
here about a week ago from up north so
i'm sure you don't know me
well how old are you oh i'm 43 i just
don't have much to show for it as you
can see i'm still delivering pizza
i didn't go to college stay in school
kid
okay
all right guys the pizza's here oh good
i'm starving the delivery driver was
really weird i don't know did he look
like the kind of guy that would put his
balls on her pizza kinda even better no
cody you don't understand he looks just
like you huh that's weird god damn it
they gave us garlic sauce is still a
mirror nervous sauce code you don't
understand i think you might be his
long-lost son i'm not wait he looks just
like cody he looks just like cody i
think that's cody's dad wow really guys
can we just eat our pizza but cody he
looks just like you look junior there's
seven billion people in the world two
people are bound to look the same
eventually can you please just go look
at him junior he already left the only
reason he'd come back is if we ordered
another pizza yeah we need some more
marinara sauce yeah order our pepperoni
pizza i'm tired of looking at the cheese
pizza it looks like cody's teeth i'm on
it dude guys this is a waste of pizza
yes one large pepperoni pizza and don't
forget the marinara sauce this time god
all right the piece is on his way guys
cody are you ready to see your real dad
junior i think it's ridiculous that you
ordered another pizza just because you
think the pizza guy looks like me he
looks just like you cody he's your
long-lost father this is stupid i'm
going to the bathroom well you got to
hurry up the pizza's going to be here in
like 20 seconds
oh no he's here cody hurry oh i'll go
see him with you dude yeah come see him
come see him hello guess who's back you
guys really must like your pizza i can't
have it myself because of the diabetes
but i sneak a piece every now and again
dude he looks just like cody i was
trying to tell you that joseph well
anyway use your pizza hold on i gotta
check something real quick
a garlic sauce really garlic sauce
where's the goddamn marinara sauce there
is no marinara sauce in the order i
ordered the marinara sauce i think it
three times i will cut your face i will
murder your first house yelling so hard
your hat's coming off my love where's my
marinara sauce bro marinara sauce let go
of me let go of me i'ma kill him calm
down joseph marinara sauce what the hell
happened the delivery guy forgot the
marinara sauce and joseph freaked out on
him oh well does he look like me yeah he
looks like you but really yeah he could
totally be your dad i told you cody okay
well now i have to see this guy if you
both agree he looks like me well he ran
away because joseph yelled at him well
how about i order another pizza and this
time they better not forget the marinara
sauce guys don't order another pizza we
already have two well joseph freaked out
and destroyed the pepperoni so we only
have one oh well so order a pineapple
pizza this time joseph okay i'm on it
dude yes one large pineapple pizza extra
marinara sauce and i swear to god if you
forget the marinara sauce i'm blowing
the whole place i'm crazy and i mean it
oh my dad has a whole bunch of
fertilizer in his backyard
all right they're on the way guys i
don't think threatening them is gonna
help
they're here i think it did help
okay cody are you ready to see the guy
looks just like you hello hey there
somebody order a pizza and call in a
bomb threat that would be me yeah don't
do that anymore did you get the marinara
sauce though oh yeah we got it we didn't
want the place going kaboom but uh you
did say something about your dad having
a bunch of fertilizer yeah yeah yeah my
dad's dead though so around the grave oh
okay that's good wait where's the other
pizza delivery guy uh well he was
assaulted last time he came here so
you've been banned from 30 seconds
sammy's if you call that number i'm just
going to show up now but we want to see
the other guy well that's not going to
happen because his life is obviously in
danger here so here here's your pizza
come on guys let's go
ugh now how are you going to see a real
dad cody it's not that big a deal yes it
is he looks just like you he's not my
dad
oh my bad guys i'm just on edge today
thank god i got my marinara sauce i
would have had to kill somebody but cody
i want you to meet your real dad he's
not my dad well yes he is joseph is it
his dad i don't know dude i can't
remember see see he doesn't remember
come on cody we have to see him junior
we can't see him he's banned from
delivering pizzas to your house oh
that's it cody we go to your house and
order a pizza so you can see him but no
i'm not doing that and then also your
mom can see him and we can ask your mom
if she banged him i'm not asking my mom
if she banged the pizza guy but dude
don't you want to know yeah don't you
want to know you're the son of a pizza
man what no i don't actually ooh i gotta
test the savior his son um spell pizza
what spell pizza why because only pizza
men's son can spell pizza what are you
talking about everybody knows how to
spell pizza then spell it okay p-i-z-z-a
you're his son i know it dude i know it
no everybody on earth knows how to spell
pizza not a newborn baby okay you know
what i'm going home okay we're gonna
follow you and order the pizza no well
come on we wanna see the pizza guy you
got to see your own father okay if it
means that much to you you can come with
me come on let's go let's go let's go
let's go
okay guys we have to be quiet i didn't
ask my parents permission to have
friends over boy what did i tell you
about inviting your friends over here
without permission sorry dad no no no
ain't no stars in this household you
know what you got to do now yeah yeah
eat this bar soap eat it yeah my dad
doesn't understand the right punishment
for things yeah and i'ma check your
mouth in five minutes i better see
bubbles on that tongue yes sir you have
to listen to him he's not even your dad
junior you don't want to get me in even
more trouble i'm gonna have to eat two
bars of soap okay let's just go to my
room
are you really gonna eat that bar of
soap no i'm just gonna put it with the
rest so wasteful if you wanna eat a bar
soap be my guest i mean i left my
marinara at junior's house i totally
would though um cody are you ready to
order the pizza yeah what kind of pizza
do you want pepperoni okay
yes one large pepperoni okay thank you
all right guys the pizza's on its way
cody are you ready to meet your real dad
he's not my real dad he's better than
the dad that's trying to feed you bars
of soap yeah i guess
it's here it's here all right cody you
have to get ready to look really nice
for your dad um let me fix your hair
uh-huh you look really good come on okay
all right cody i think you should answer
the door because you haven't met your
dad yet he's not my dad but okay hello
hey dear somebody order a pizza yeah i
did want to see a joke now ow i'm the
only tower or pizza
because the box is leaning on top of my
head yeah i get it it's just awful
everyone in the office likes to get you
this guy's a dork but he's your dad
though well what did i tell you about
inviting more friends to this house
without my permission no he's not a
friend he's just a pizza guy oh no you
ain't eating pizza in this house you
only eat something
okay
i hope you didn't drop that bird too
i get it i get it that's hilarious
you're funny even though i wouldn't
trust you around kids how about you come
in here and eat pizza with me oh i
really shouldn't i'm on the job except
my officer
yes sir
so cody how does it feel that you met
your real dad he's not my real dad he's
a dork my father like son
no he he's ugly like father lysan no i
just mean he's weird like father ly son
look if you say that one more time i'm
gonna hit you with this bar of soap like
father like son who is at the door honey
oh baby just the funniest saltine i've
ever met hey don't forget the cheese
whisk for those saltines friend
see baby he's hilarious he's bonkers
gary judith wait wait baby you met him
before oh you must have been to one of
his comedy shows yup yup where she's
been one of my shows friend oh this is
awkward wait what's wrong baby you look
befuzzled um tyrone there's something i
have to tell you 14 years ago i ordered
a pizza and this man delivered it but i
couldn't pay for it oh so he gave it to
you for free respect respect here
helping a woman out of need i like that
uh no i paid for it and i've been paying
for it for 14 years wait he put you on a
payment plan for 14 years for a 20 pizza
let me do the math 20 divided by 14.
that's 11 cents a month man give me my
respect back oh there you go
no no tyrone what i'm trying to say is
you're not really cody's daddy yes what
are you talking about woman i am cody
said i look just like that boy he looked
up like me i mean look come here cody
see see he would have sane glasses uh he
got my nose and we got the same skin
color woman cody this man gary is your
real daddy what i'm a father well i
didn't know i had any me mom this guy
can't be my real dad yeah i agree with
cody he's not his real daddy i will
fight him to the death over cody oh well
i don't condone violence oh you condone
it today we're going outside to fight
come on oh i'm sure there's a peaceful
way we can settle this by me ripping
your head off come on
we're doing this hate to have to do this
to you funny man but i gotta knock you
out don't have you know i mean yellow
belt and cropped my god purple
my nipples my number one weakness two
men fighting over me oh boys i'm not
worth it
oh
my head hurts what happened oh you were
uh you were delivering pizzas and you
got hit by uh what's that called by a
car yeah so any memories you have from
the last five minutes or so didn't
happen but i have a son no no you know
you don't you don't have a sign no that
was a delusion that never happened uh
are you sure because then i'm sure i'm
totally sure nope nope none of that
happened so just go get out of my house
this is my house all right well i mean
you are the doctor thanks doc is that
good appreciate that dog good looking
now yeah i don't mind lying for money i
hope you don't mind i gotta make sure
this is real yeah we're good
thanks for rocking and [ __ ] dad anytime
cody any time i would knock out anybody
for you even a bullet thanks dad yeah
now go in your room and eat that bar
soap before i knock you out like your
daddy okay
what's wrong cody what was all that
noise oh i i asked the pizza man if he
was my dad and he said no he said no but
he looks just like you yeah yeah i know
but we did a dna test and it turns out
he's not my dad he's not i could have
swore he was your dad yeah i thought so
too but no no he's not oh that's a
bummer i wonder who your real dad is
yeah well what do you want to do for the
rest of the night i don't know i feel
like i'm forgetting something
julia
let me out please
[Music]