oh man I can't believe tomorrow it's
christmas i don't really like christmas
dude ever since my parents love Sam stop
giving me gifts it's really weird
well I my present like really fast like
what Cody were you wearing oh this well
my mom made me a Christmas sweater but
she made it out of a rug we head in the
bathroom so it's wet and it kind of
stinks yeah smells really bad Cody hey
dude I got a question it might seem
weird but um can I say the night with
you tonight what it's the night before
Christmas Joseph I know but I don't have
a family so can I stay the night with
you for Christmas please I mean I guess
so Joey that'd be kind of fun all right
can I spend the night too what Cody you
actually have a family why would you
want to stay here yeah but we celebrate
Hanukkah and I just really don't want to
go home all right well let me go a
Sharpie B of you guys instead the night
for Christmas what do you want Junior
okay my friends stay the night tonight
oh we can't stay the night tonight is
Christmas Eve tomorrow is Christmas let
us spend time with their families well
why don't you spend time with your
family what do you mean you think I
think he said yes well I kind of wanted
to definite answer oh okay Cody he said
yes how about that okay all right it's
Christmas Eve guys what do you want to
do oh we can go Christmas caroling what
what's that mean well it means we go
door-to-door to people's houses and sing
are they gonna pay us no well then why
would we do it because it's fine
all right what type of songs do we sing
well we sing Christmas songs Oh like to
the window to the wall to the wall
Christmas songs that's not a Christmas
song know like jingle bells and Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer
well those songs are lame yeah that's
what they want to hear well what if they
request that to the window song what if
they ask for that we'll do it okay let's
do it all right guys let's start singing
jingle bells outside this random house
well yeah it sounds illegal Cody yeah
weird no people love it okay what song
are we singing jingle bells you ready oh
why thank you
oh one two three jingle bells
bells jingle all the way oh my god not
Christmas careless let me get these
jokers out of here hey what do you think
you're doing get out of here I don't
want you guys Christmas caroling I want
you guys to leave you guys are
trespassing on my property now get out
of here before I call the cops
and I am a cop so the response time is
gonna be great I'll wait all right
Joseph Plan B to the window to the wall
through the wall see Cody I told you
they like my Christmas song more it's
not even a Christmas song Junior well
whatever it's a good song it's better
than all the stupid songs you were
trying to sing all right guys what you
one do for Christmas Eve now oh it
doesn't even matter dude whatever you
want to do oh you want to see my list of
Santa Claus for what I want for
Christmas oh yeah yeah all right tell me
what you think let's see what you get
darts thoughts
dydz all right Junior just says thoughts
over and over again not number nine it
says thoughts yeah like what else could
I possibly want well do do check out my
list I put I want a family food I want a
home oh I want water electricity - for
the home I would like a bed you know to
sleep in Oh clothes and socks you know
the master clothes ac for when it's hot
cuz the summer is way too hot and love
or at least you put the same thing for
number ten all right guys check out my
Christmas list
Cody you don't need a stupid list you
celebrate Hanukkah don't even celebrate
Christmas get off with out of here yeah
anyway all right guys what do you do
what do you do for Christmas Eve now
yeah we could have hot chocolate or Cody
already put thought should I be more
specific on the color but no no junior
hot chocolate like to drink oh okay
let's go a Chevy with some hot chocolate
CP can you make me and my friend some
hot chocolate lay down but I don't know
how to make it it's really easy Jenny
it's just hot chocolate milk okay I
guess I'll just start boiling some water
all right Cody the water's boiling what
do we do now well first of all you're
not supposed to use water to make hot
chocolate what are you supposed to use
them you're supposed to use milk well
then it would be called hot chocolate
milk not hot chocolate well that's what
you're supposed to do okay so I'm not
supposed to use water now how much less
use water Joseph Oh I usually use milk
dude oh you know it wasn't fun I'm gonna
stupid water in it so what's wrong with
him doctor well you threw boiling water
on him so he's got third-degree burns on
most of his body I'm pretty sure he
didn't want to spend Christmas Eve in
the hospital so how long is he gonna be
here I don't know per I like another
month a month yeah we gotta do skin
grafts and all kinds of stuff
I'm so sorry Joseph um doctor can you do
one more thing can you give us a
Christmas list of Santa Claus and let
him know to deliver his stuff to the
hospital oh well I uh I I don't talk to
Santa Claus but but then how is daddy
gonna get his list you know figure it
out
Cody look at this look at this Joseph
wanted family and me and you were
technically his only family
so he has his family yeah and he's in
the hospital so they'll probably feed
him so he asked food his food and any
one of the home in the hospital is
technically a home right and he wanted
water and he has an IV so that's water
anyone electricity and they have lights
here so that's electricity yeah and he
wanted a bed and he has a bed here oh
here's a bed and then he wanted clothes
and they wrapped him up and that stuff
is that stuff they clothes and socks too
Oh anyone AC and they have AC here and
he wanted love Oh doc can you kiss him I
kiss all my patients what so double yes
love he got everything he went on the
list it's a Christmas miracle
Merry Christmas Joseph you got
everything you
yeah oh man I'm so glad Joseph
got everything on his Christmas list
yeah he got it in a weird way but at
least he still got it
yeah Joseph's having a good Christmas
anyway I think we should go to bed and
wait for Santa Claus to bring us
presents all right yeah all right Cody
let's go to sleep as fast as we can
because I cannot wait for Christmas
morning okay good night Junior good
night Cody hey Cody yeah what time is
Santa Claus come I don't know he's a
pretty busy man Junior he has to visit
every single house in the entire world
in one night ooh
well how many houses do you think there
are well assuming nobody's homeless and
there are seven billion people in the
world he has to visit 7 billion houses
so how much time does he spend at each
house um probably less than a second is
that even possible
well no huh hey chef peepee what time
does Santa Claus come because as soon as
you go to sleep Junior now go to sleep
how do you know I'm asleep he just knows
ok then but asleep huh what a creep all
right Cody let's go to sleep
[Music]
[Music]
I think you're Santa Claus you do yeah I
think you're Santa Claus
you sure it's not chef peepee huh no
Chevy be sleepy no let's go see what it
is yes go see it
Cody look Santa Claus oh my God he's
really here look I'll come and pick you
up
hi Junior I don't think that the Santa
Claus what do you mean because he just
got a phone call from Darrell maybe
that's one of his elves well but he said
he was gonna rob this house real quick
well maybe that means he's almost done
delivering the presents I think it means
he's robbing the house what so you think
we should call the cops
yeah I don't think he's robbing the
house yeah she said it again well let's
go talk to him first before you call the
cops Anna are you robbing us when I was
Santa robbed y'all well because you're
taking our gifts instead of giving us
gifts South Pole Santa Santa just took
his beard off I thought Santa was white
see magadh be a racist what is 2019 that
it could be black men together Oh
anything you want to be sorry for
offending you Santa no apology said okay
well just have fun taking the gifts in
fixing them it's okay go ahead and fix
it and operate it back booyah
but that's not circle and that's not Sam
he'd rob me as what called the coffee
yeah hello hey there you called the cops
on Christmas Eve yeah we were robbed oh
no by who a Santa Claus of the darker
complexion yep that's him all right show
me the officer look you stole all our
presents yeah let me guess he told you
he was the South Pole Santa though yeah
he said all our presents were broken and
he had to go fix him yeah he's been
doing that all over town he just wanted
to steal your presents well why don't
you stop him only been trying for years
but we haven't been able to until
tonight what are you gonna do oh we're
gonna set up a fake house for him to rob
so when he shows up we arrest them ooh
can I see yeah sure come on kid but not
you all right so this is where we're
doing the sting operation we got a real
nice Christmas tree set up with a whole
bunch of expensive presents under it
because he loves to steal expensive
presents so when he comes in to steal
the presents were gonna arrest him no no
see he's way stronger than me so he'd
probably just beat me up well why don't
you pull out your little pew-pew thing
oh oh my yeah my gu and yeah that yeah
no I don't have it anymore see I was
making a tick-tock in my car listen to
some rap music and waving it around and
the chief saw it and he took it away
from me oh sure how we're gonna catch
him then well I'm gonna show you come on
all right so this is how we're gonna
stop the South Pole Santa taser cookies
Taser cookies yeah they're exactly what
they sound like you take one bite into
him they shot you 100,000 volts right in
the mouth how does it gonna hurt him you
know it's gonna hurt him a lot watch
check this out you want to hurt yourself
see Dave the cookies my mouth hurts so
bad right now
and if he if he dips the cookies in the
milk first he's probably gonna die why
would it kill him well you know cuz
electricity and liquid don't go so good
together now what we're gonna do is
we're just gonna weigh from the show up
and hope he eats the cookies all right
there's nothing a good plane to me
look at him stealing all the presents I
can get at my house yeah we just need to
get him eat the cookies okay kids go you
didn't eat the cookies hanging those
cookies in the kitchen
[Music]
chocolate chip chocolate chip they're
raising Thank You gue reason cooking
finally we finally caught yourself lost
Anna
yes stealing on presents all right now
you're under well kid thanks to you we
caught the South Pole Santa well really
I did all the work you were just kind of
there so I take back my thank you I
didn't get to see any of it yeah well
where's all our brothers do we get those
back well no no we had to take those
those are evidence I mean you might get
them back eventually but I don't know we
might get them back but I wanted
presents but I mean hey you have each
other right and isn't that what
Christmas is all about
you know all that crap well I'm gonna go
home and open up my presents with my
family Oh Junior
Oh someone broke in and stole them all
yeah yeah but apparently we have each
other and that's what Christmas is all
about
breakfast yeah I'm gonna go home I
thought I was gonna get presents well
chef peepee at least we get to spend
Christmas together oh no I'm going to
sleep Junior Oh chef peepee I guess
we're not gonna get presents this year I
know this sucks
what was that was that Santa Claus
Santa Claus Hey
poopie Claus that's me you save
Christmas you probably got my presence
oh that's what I do Thank You boobie
cause oh you're welcome
[Music]