W Jeffy what are you doing I'm being a
police
car well stop being a police car all
right well I'm a police officer so give
me your license and registration I'm not
even driving well I have to do a cavity
search so open up your butthole no give
me give me give all my butt hey there
real cops what are you doing here well
I'm a cop I can pretty much walk into
any house I want not without a warrant a
warrant schmorr I had probable cause
what was your probable cough I don't
know I smelled like weed or something
I'll figure it out listen I need your
help with what well you see I have a lot
of jobs but I'm also a security guard at
this kid's pizza place it's called
Freddy Fazbear's pizzeria maybe you've
heard of it no oh shut up I know you've
played the games there's a movie coming
out you've definitely heard of it no
listen you keep lying to me and I'm
going to pop you okay all right so I
usually work there with my partner and
he worked last night but I haven't seen
him since and I'm pretty sure he just
disappeared so I need a new partner and
I was wondering if maybe you'd help me
what me become a security officer nah
but Marvin you're the only person I know
who'd look good in a security guard
uniform well you're going to have to
find someone else cuz I don't look good
in wait you're already kind of wearing a
security guard uniform well I'm actually
a police officer wait so you're
impersonating a police officer I could
arrest you for that but I won't instead
I want you to come be my partner but I
want to be a real police officer well
being a security guard is kind of like
being a real police officer except you
don't carry a gun and no one respects
you and you make way less money you're
basically The Substitute Teacher of
police officers well just do it Jeffy
yeah you make $11 an hour all right I'll
do it for 1 hour because I just want $11
so I can get some v-bucks hey come
on all right Jeffy welcome to Freddy
Fazbear's pizzeria can I have some pizza
no no no no it's not your lunch break
yet now first I want to show you around
so you know where everything is see
right here we have the main stage and
these are the animatronics we got Bonnie
Freddy and Chica yeah see they don't
work cuz this place got shut down a
while back cuz some kid got eaten they
never really figured out what ate the
kid but you know how it is one kid gets
eaten and it ruins the fun for everybody
so they just decided to shut the whole
place down I guess they still wanted to
pay for security cuzz apparently the
animatronics are expensive and they
don't want anyone breaking in and
stealing them but honestly this job is
pretty cake I mean it's the same
every night I just sit back in the
security room any questions while you
were talking Freddy scratched his balls
no he didn't he's an animatronic he
doesn't even have balls I saw with my
eyes Freddy scratch his balls oh he's
not plugged in you're just hallucinating
come on I want to show you the security
office I know I saw you scratch your
balls hey he's moving again no he's not
come on all right Jeffy this is the
security room honestly there's no reason
to leave this room all we have to do is
just sit here and watch the security
camera where nothing ever happens and
just eat stale Pizza well you told me I
couldn't have pizza well that was
earlier now you can have pizza but first
I want to show you all the security
camera angles see right here this is the
hallway for
walking and right here this is the
kitchen you know that's where the pizza
gets made just kitchen and then right
here is the bathroom I don't really know
why there's a camera in the bathroom at
a kid's pizza place you know what maybe
it's for the best this place get shut
down and that's the main stage again so
hand me some Z wait the animatronics
aren't there no what no the animatronics
aren't there anymore huh yeah they sure
aren't are they I told you they were
moving well maybe the security camera's
just glitching let's go check it out
okay let's see what's going on oh yeah I
forgot it's dark let me get a flashlight
whoa hey Freddy I told you he could move
oh I see what's going on here okay it's
your first day on the job and you're
trying to prank the veteran haha you got
me I didn't move him he moved on his own
he can't move on his own yes he can well
just let me get him back on
stage okay kid where are Bonnie and
Chica I didn't move them oh my God kid I
just want to go back to the office and
eat steale pizza I don't have time for
this well I didn't move them okay fine
no pizza for you I'm going to go back to
the office and check the cameras to see
where you hid
them all right kid let's see where you
hit them not the whole way oh great you
hid chica in the kitchen no I
didn't oh great and you hid Bonnie in
the bathroom very funny I'm not moving
him just help me round him up I can't
believe you hid Bonnie in the bathroom
what if he got stained it would never
come out of that purple felt let's go
get them wa I thought you were closer to
the toilet I told you they're moving
they're not moving come on okay Bonnie's
back now let's go get chica out of the
kitchen so I can enjoy my pizza okay and
Chica should be right there yeah let's
grab her okay they're all back now now
kid no more touching them I have haven't
been touching them well you shouldn't
touch them because if you break one of
them you're going to have to work for
free for a whole year because they're so
expensive now let's go back and eat
pizza all right Jeffy hand me a slice of
pizza oh man I love pepperoni you see
Jeffy when you don't mess with me this
job is really easy all you have to do is
sit here eat pizza play games on your
phone check the cameras every now and
then but what the hell was that they're
gone and I know you didn't move them cuz
you were standing right here and the
static only lasted half a second that's
what I've been trying to tell you okay
let's see where they are take a look
okay not in the hallway oh chica's
getting a snack okay then I'll just keep
looking oh and Bonnie's taking a I
didn't know animatronics could take a
 I wonder how that works okay oh
Freddy's back on stage that's good we
don't have to worry about him that helps
a lot oh chica's got a slice of pizza
well at least she looks happy okay oh
and Bonnie's done I wonder if
he washed his hands okay let's oh wow
chica's really enjoying that pizza huh
wait Jeffy do you hear Stomp like the
pitter patter of fox feet yeah I do let
me take a look oh close the door close
the door close the door close the door
lock it lock it lock it lock it lock it
oh God I forgot about Foxy who's foxy
that's foxy that's the one that can move
so if you knew that one can move then
you should have known that they all can
move well I didn't know that but it
makes sense now come on let's check the
cameras to see what Foxy's doing all
right let's take a look
here oh the laptop's out of power
what does that mean well it means we
can't look at the goddamn cameras what
does that that mean well it means we
don't know where they are what does that
mean it means they could be anywhere
what does that mean it means we're going
to have to get a flashlight and go out
there and look Capital that Foxy's
right outside the door well he can't
still be there right I mean he's not
just going to stand there all day well I
think we should stay in this room all
night well that wouldn't be very much of
a video now would it no it wouldn't so
come on all right Jeffy open the door no
you open the door I want to stay here in
the room you're the one that wants you
to go out there so bad well I guess you
got me there okay let's see
uh well I don't see him so I think we're
good yeah come on all right let's take a
look in here well looks like the power's
out everywhere but I don't see them oh
and great Freddy's not on stage anymore
well let's go look for him I want to
leave no we can't leave we have to stay
here till 6:00 a.m. and we don't get
paid and we got to put all the
animatronics back on stage and my boss
is going to be pissed come on all right
Jeffy let's check the
kitchen oh Jeffy I dropped the
flashlight could you get it okay uh hey
chica well now that I know you can move
I'm not going to carry your heavy ass
back on stage so could you just walk
back on stage
please okay well I definitely can't make
you so I guess I'll just let you think
about it oh the flashlight broke okay
just let's get the hell out of
here all right Jeffy here's the plan
we're going to go back to the office and
grab my car keys so we can get the hell
out of here but first I got to go to the
bathroom cuz I'm pretty sure I pissed my
pants when I saw Chica and I think maybe
even a little bit of squirted out
my ass I mean it happens when you're
scared and you're 40 you know yeah I
understand I do it for fun all the time
yeah see you get it but I I really do
need to check so I'm just going to go in
here oh my God more came out uh hi
Bonnie yeah you are really scary but is
it okay if I check my underwear please
no okay well I I'll just I'll just leave
you to it then buddy sorry for bothering
you okay let's go to the office okay he
Jeffy I'm going to grab my keys real
quick look what oh Foxy's back oh
no he's stretching he is getting ready
to run he can run the 40 yard dash in 3
seconds oh no oh no we got to go we got
to go go go go go go go go go go go
close it close it close it lock it lock
it lock it oh God okay let me get my
keys and let's get the out of here
but Jeffy where are my keys I don't know
they were right here well I haven't see
them well keys don't just
disappear Jeffy do you hear the jingling
of keys yeah uh Jeffy do you see those
big Goofy bare feet yeah I do uh person
behind the curtain do you have my
keys I'll take that as a yes oh God I
know I have to pull the curtain back but
I really don't want to oh and now the
lights went out now I really really
don't want to oh and now it's playing
the you're music now I really
really really don't want
to oh it's Freddy and he looks
pissed off uh Freddy can I have my
keys No Okay uh Jeffy you know what I
say we kick his ass yeah yeah it's 2v
one oh okay yeah I'm going to turn you
into Freddy Faz yeah let's get him
get him his
his suck that these are my car
keys okay Jeffy I think I think Jeffy I
think we spit on him enough we can get
out of here Jeffy let's just get to the
car get the hell out of here and never
come back to this place ever again does
that sound like a plan yeah wait what
the hell was
that oh hey Bonnie and chica's
right there oh I see what's going on
here they're mad that we jumped a boy
well guess what Bonnie Freddy went out
like a yeah and he got spit on
yeah a lot like more than I actually
condone so if you see him please tell
him we're sorry okay here's what's going
to happen I'm going to beat up Bonnie
you take chica no I'm going to beat up
Bonnie and you take chica well see
here's the problem with that I don't
want to deal with that mouth it scares
me I don't want to deal with the mouth
either okay well how about this not it a
oh oh chica is giving us the bird that
pisses me off why does that piss you off
so much because I don't have a middle
finger so I can't do that so this is
what's going to happen you go start the
car and I be both their asses sounds
like a plan now who wants him Jeffy but
before I beat your ass I want to let you
know that my body is a dangerous
weapon oh hell yeah bumping some
tunes drive I'm guessing you lost no Fox
he's chasing me oh
 okay Jeffy I think we finally
outran him now let's go get some
McDonald's and go
home Marvin how do you think jeffy's
doing at his new job baby he's doing
fine it's the easiest job in the world
he's not even a cop he's a security
officer all he has to do is sit down all
day and look at cameras it's
easy oh God are you going to ask what
happened well did you get off your job
early well no we were almost killed yeah
the animatronics came to life and tried
to kill us so then I had to beat some
ass yeah he did wait what well yeah
remember that Pizzeria I told you about
that's kind of like Chuck-E-Cheese well
that turns out all the animatronics are
haunted and they all tried to kill us
but then Jeffy kicked all their asses
but then as we were driving away the fox
one foxy popped up in our back seat we
thought he was going to eat us but it
turns out he's actually a pretty cool
dude just wanted us to drop him off at
his cousin's house oh so is Jeffy fired
oh no no no no no he's just not going to
go back there ever ever again you know
unless this video does really well you
know maybe we'll go back for another
night so if you guys just like And
subscribe and get our numbers up you
know maybe we'll go back with some
different animatronics next time like
like that puppet boy or the the balloon
[Music]
[Music]
m