I can't be your B man cuz I be robbing I
be robing I don't want no lap dance
[ __ ] give me Knockin give me Knockin
all right CR this Saturday night we're
going to be having a school dance we're
going to be Boogie woing twerking and
throwing that [ __ ] back so make sure you
have a date cuz if you don't you a loser
oh man a school dance that's lame as
hell we're too old for that and who
wants to go to school on a Saturday
night anyways we could be playing video
games yeah Saturday night is when we
play fortnite yeah a school dance that's
so cool I want to go Junior you have to
take me cuz you're my boyfriend uh I
can't me Joseph and Cody are going to
run trios on fortnite actually me and
Ken are going to go to the dance what
you're going to go to the dance yay well
yeah I want to see Ken's W wet ass
plastic so he is a doll no he's not at
all he's just got so much Botox it's
like plastic Junior so you're not going
to take me uh me and Joseph can run Duos
Cody holds us back anyway mhm well fine
then I'm just going to go by myself then
you're going to go to a dance all by
yourself yeah okay fine bros before I'll
see you on fortnite Joseph yes sir ski
hey pel hey Patrick do you guys tell
want to go to the dance with no no I
don't really I thought you and junor
were dating me too well since you're not
do you want to go to the dance with me
yes Patrick I would love to yay damn
dude never in a million years where I
thought I'd see the day that Patrick
still your [ __ ] wow 2025 don't know
crazy you can't go to a dance with
another man while dating me that's
cheating Cody is that cheating check the
book okay I'll check the book Junior in
case you go to a dance with another man
see um I don't see it Junior I'm looking
keep looking Junior you didn't want to
go I did Patrick asked me so I said yes
we're just going as friends as friends
Cody read her the rule about women
having male friends it says women cannot
have male friends what article four
article four says no man would be
friends with a woman unless he thinks
there's a possibility he might be able
to sleep with it what kind of insecure
[ __ ] wrote that book we're just
friends Junior Article Five Article 5
says if she defends the man that means
she's definitely cheating or she's
keeping him in her back pocket so she
can cheat later you guys it's Patrick
he's special special she just called him
special Cody read her article 7 about
pet names uh pet names it says if she
says he's special or like a brother
they've been friends since they were
kids that mean she's definitely
definitely definitely cheating yeah so
you know what I don't want you go to the
dance with Patrick so I will go to the
dance with you no Junior I can't do that
to him I can't break his heart wait you
care about breaking his heart you care
about his feelings oh my God Cody read
her the article about feelings I'll be
honest with you guys this is just a
science textbook I don't know what the
[ __ ] I'm talking about Junior book
doesn't lie oh if you want to go to the
dance then you can come and you can
dance with dance with us there how about
that what dance with you I'm not going
to be a part of Y Stupid Love Triangle
where you get your cake and eat it too
I'm not going to be that it's only me or
him and you got to pick Junior you're so
insecure I'm not having this
conversation with you go if you want I'm
going with Patrick what the book Cody
check the book please she all cheating
guys I don't know what the [ __ ] I'm
looking at this is this is just like
planets and
[Music]
[ __ ] hey loser you have a day to the
dance no cuz he's so ugly that's right
hey [ __ ] those horizontal scars on your
wrist are just for attention go vertical
next time and do us all a favor yeah
well you're just mad cuz you don't have
a date to the dance I actually do have a
date to the dance in fact oh yeah well I
believe that when I see it well you
won't be seeing my face there because
she'll be sitting on it like a dog
scratching his ass on the carpet oh yeah
well what's her name stinky [ __ ] head
43 9 and A2 it sounds made up no she
just goes to a different School
when boohoo cry what's wrong Jeffy how
was school D there's a school danceing
Saturday night and his two was making
fun of me saying that I didn't have a
date to the dance but I told him that I
did have a date so if I show him to the
dance without a date then he's going to
make fun of me and call me a loser a
Jeffy are there any girls in your class
you could ask to go with no baby he's 20
years old all the girls in his class are
15 oh I didn't think about that yeah if
he looks at one of them wrong he's going
to jail all right so you told this kid
that you have a date to the dance yeah
okay did you explain like what she looks
like no but I did tell him her name okay
what's the name you said stinky [ __ ]
head 439 and a half well looks like
there's no problem here cuz he knows
that name is made up no it doesn't he
believed me and he said that he would
see me and her at the dance he's not
going to see you there at the dance with
a girl Nam that cuz there's no girl name
that why would you think of that name
out of all the girl names in the world
why' you say that well because it was
the only girl name I could think of
that's not a girl's name that's rude
Daddy it's not her fault that her
parents got a divorced and that she has
two different last names see you've met
a girl with that name yes no you haven't
what's her last name 439 and2 what's her
first name stinky [ __ ] head no it's
not Jeffy stop making it out I'm not
making it up it's real okay you know
what why don't we just download tnder or
hinge and find some random girl to go to
the dance with them Marvin no girls on
those apps are just looking for hookups
what was the name of those apps again
okay how about we just hire a girl to go
to the dance with him no mvin we're not
getting him an escort jeffy's
prostitution problem Marvin we can't
call the video that we're not going to
call the video that what we're doing why
don't we just hide a girl to go by
whatever the hell name he just said and
she goes to Dance dances and then she
leaves why can't we just hire a girl to
do that she her a 20 and she might do
something freaky I don't no no no freaky
just go to the dance so you don't look
like a loser look I can just call my
friend The Love Doctor oh that's a good
idea Daddy hey there somebody call a
doctor yes doctor my son my [ __ ]
brother Bill need that to dance what is
he talking about my son Jeffy needs a
date to the school dance so we called
you oh well I'm very flattered but I am
unhappy happily married also I'm not
really into dudes so no can do well no
like I'm talking about like he needs a
date to the school dance oh he needs a
date to the school dance huh yeah and
you're a doctor so I thought maybe
you're like a love doctor what what the
[ __ ] is a love doctor like someone who
like gets someone dates no no I'm just
like a regular doctor I mean if you need
help donating sperm I can do that well I
donate a lot of that to the toilet and
also the floor around it because I miss
my hand and sometimes when I'm edging I
can hit the back of the wall and I might
JFK a [ __ ] if she ain't careful but I
just need you to help me find buying him
a date to the school dance you know I
knew a guy who never needed a date to
the dance cuz he always had one yep
always has a date to the dance Lance let
me tell you about him so when I was in
high school we had school dances like
homecoming and prom and everyone would
ask girls out trying to get dates to the
dance but there was this one kid who
never had to worry about getting a date
to the dance always had a date to the
dance Lance you see Lance was rolling in
dates every time a school dance was
coming up all the girls in school would
tell guys no because they were hoping
Lance would take them to the dance I
asked so many girls to the dance in the
craziest ways and they still said no
hoping for a chance to the dance with
Lance I hired an airplane advertisement
company to fly a banner asking a girl
out and she said no I had the chorus
class sing to a girl in class and she
still said no and I even had the lunch
lady spell it with french fries for a
girl and she said no no one had a chance
against Lance me and all the other guys
were pissed we would go to the dance
without dates and all the girls took one
glance at Lance and they were in a
trance and the dance was themed like
France I knew I had to stop this
nonsense so I put ants in Lance's pants
but it just enhanced his dance so then I
pant Lance while he danced turns out he
had a huge dong he began to prance with
it dragging behind him and then Lance
was expelled after that for refusing to
pull up his pants but I heard Lance has
a degree in finance and he loves plans
so yeah all he has to do is be like
Lance and he'll have too many dates to
the dance okay but he's not Lance I mean
he's kind of Lance oh listen is there
any way you can help us find him a date
even if we have to pay her like an
escort no jeffy's prostitution
bamboozle Marvin no listen is there any
nice girls that you know I mean I do pap
smear so I know the good ones I mean
that's probably a hipa violation but I
smear some Pap now smear the [ __ ] out
some Pap yeah like jelly on toast yeah
see down at the hospital they call me
Papa smarf cuz I'm the Papa Smurf of pap
smears right up there with maranis and
Marcel's Pap the right Brothers of pap
smears they invented it before them it
was just a Pap poke but they invented
the smear was can you help us or not get
him a date I I think I know a girl I'll
be right back hey there Brooklyn guy
said you needed a date to the dance he's
the best doctor ever he does my pap
smears I call him papa pig cuz he fixed
my muddy puddles Well ma'am I'm it's
nice to meet you is there any way we
could pay you to go on a date with our
son yeah for the right amount of money
what's my name supposed to be stinky
[ __ ]
4392 what I I I mean I prefer Brooke no
okay well listen all you have to do is
take him to the dance and then bring him
right home yeah I can do that hey Daddy
SL 20 I want to get freaky no Jeffrey
there is no freaky look just go to the
dance with her and impress your friends
all right Daddy let the red Rivers's
flow I and take the Dirt Road Home well
the dirt road is pretty much your only
option I really hope they have a good
time me
too give it up for DJ Chopstick how many
Ys in this [ __ ] where my Shooters
at get your balls off my shoulder hey
guys look my date here wao look at that
honey he actually has a date L her name
is stinky [ __ ] 439 and2 or Brooke you
could just call me Brooke look at that
honey she has a mustache
it's actually not a mustache it's a
Cleveland steamer I gave her on the car
and the way over here well actually that
would be a dirty sanchez a Cleveland
steamer is where you [ __ ] on their chest
I did that too oh they're freaks
actually I'm going to do four in the
stink none in the pink straight punch an
[ __ ] let's get out of here honey look
at that you did it you made him think
I'm cool yeah we really showed them uh
thought thinker no no when do I get paid
didy fun Penelope yeah thanks for
inviting me Pat I'm so happy you said
yes to go get the dance with me me too
hey you want to see we dance as fast as
I can
sure Patrick your pants fell off uhoh we
know that hey P I just wanted to come to
the dance and see what you have
Patrick's pants off you took his pants
off no he just danced his pants off get
away from my girl ow you'll ever take
your pants off in front of my girlfriend
like that you want to go [ __ ] oh my God
oh my God he me his win out his winner
is out no windows out on the dance FL
what do you think this is a ddy party
we're back and someone's pooper store
and it's not mine okay so how' the date
go oh it was great everyone at the dance
was so jealous well I don't know about
that but he did show up with a date who
had that ridiculous name okay well
here's the $20 we owe you thank you
suckers it was me the whole time who you
look just like a
lady dude look like a lady yeah that
well what about that [ __ ] we did in the
car literally well so like everything
went fine I mean you look just like a
woman like what what happened well like
you I think you got the gist of it
everything went fine but word of advice
if you ever [ __ ] on someone's chest
again make sure it's not diarrhea it was
solid at first
[Music]