so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude well I figured we could
do something with this thing o what is
that this is my human Ray where is he
what do you mean you said there's a
human named Ray I don't see him yeah Ray
Show Yourself Ray where are you no no
this is Ray no that's a toy no this is
my human Ray that's not a human no it's
a ray I'm a junior and I am a Joseph no
guys I mean okay fine this is my human
laser a human laser what's it do well it
turns objects into humans that's so cool
oh you should call it something else
like call it like a human Turner into
her oh dude I like that it sounds fancy
it sounds French yeah human Turner into
her really rolls off the tongue yeah
you're like this is my human Turner into
her or or or yeah I'll buy it yeah okay
sure so uh you're going to what are you
going to turn into a human I'm going to
try to turn Ken into a human so you're
admitting he's a doll no I know it yeah
he he's a doll now totally a doll no
he's not a doll he's just kind of
plasticky and I want him to be more
human like a doll so how you going to
turn into a human well with with this
with the the human Ray it's not a human
Ray no it's a human turn her into her
fine I like that I like that name more
okay so turn Ken into a human then okay
stand back I don't know what this
thing's going to do you said it's going
to turn into a human well I mean that's
what I want it to do but there might be
an explosion or something I don't okay
okay Ken get ready to turn into a
human he's a cat he's supposed to be a
human yeah I know Junior but you turned
him into a cat can come
back he was supposed to be a human but
you turned him into a cat dude how did
you mesh that up yeah dork I don't know
oh dude turn me into a cat turn me into
a cat yeah turn Joseph into a cat no no
more turning people into cats but Jason
D was a cat yeah I know he was Rum Tum
Tugger but we're not doing that right
now a well how do you think you messed
up your machine I don't know I must have
messed up when I was calibrating it and
said it to turn people into cats when
you were calibrating it don't you mean
when you were cbra it cat joke yeah my
body hurts I actually prefer Ken to be a
cat cuz at least he's alive oh sick Burn
yeah burn got him no no the things I do
to Ken I couldn't do those to a cat e
well he has nine lives no Junior well I
actually prefer Ken to be a cat too
because now his name can be Kenny cat oh
kitty cat like here kitty kitty kitty
kitty kitty Yow Yow not kitty cat but
Kenny cat cuz that's K in it no no we're
not doing that because we're going to
find him and turn him back into a dog
you just admitted he's a dog he's a dog
he's a dog oh my God Junior brush your
teeth oh wow that's a lot coming from
you yellow teeth yeah highlighter teeth
yeah yeah yellow Power Ranger teeth taxi
teeth yeah your SpongeBob teeth yellow T
tuby teeth yeah yeah uh um um um
macaroni and cheese teeth McDonald's
arches teeth yeah yeah McDonald's french
fries teeth Bendy straw teeth yeah the
sun teeth cuz the sun is yellow cuz when
you when you draw the sun with crayons
it's yellow teeth number two piss your
teeth yeah yeah um um the the the the
the lines in the road that that the
yellow lines in the road teeth okay you
know what guys this is enough let's just
go find Ken and turn him back into a
human he's never been a human you mean a
doll doll look guys there's Ken here
Kenny Kenny Kitty Kenny guys stop it you
scared him away well what are you going
to do when you get him I don't know I
just want to get him in a cage and bring
him home so I can work on changing him
back okay let's go get a cage all right
Cody we got the cage now you just have
to put kin in it how do you plan on
doing that dude yeah well Ken loves
wiener so I was thinking we could take
this wiener and lower him in there with
it e stop being gross Cody yeah I
wouldn't use a wiener Cody but but Ken
never says no to a wiener but he's a cat
well maybe even as a cat he might still
like wieners I would use a cat toy what
what you mean like this little mouse toy
here yeah that would work perfectly
let's try that okay and here you go here
you go that's your good boyfriend in the
cage in the cake yes yes in there good
good yes it's got him we got him we
finally got him believe that we okay
okay okay all right I'm going to take
Ken home and run experiments on him
until I can turn him back to normal okay
who's that oh that's my parents I needed
a ride home cuz I didn't want to walk
home carrying a cat Okay can I enter the
door and car your mom fat will that make
you feel better about yourself Junior
yes fat fat fat fat fat fat fat hey
nobody can call my wife fat but me fatty
okay okay put on a few extra pounds but
who hasn't during this whole mess so
what are you doing here the aquarium's
that way oh we're here to pick up Cody
oh well come inside your fatness thank
you all right Cody time to go home hurry
up Cody you know I left the car running
in gas ain't Che o Cody what's in this
cage oh that's just Ken he's a cat a cat
Cody you know I'm allergic to cat yeah
you know your mama get all bumpy and
ugly and crusty oh it reminds me of last
night and you know I hate bumps but Mom
I need to bring him home so I can work
on turning him back into a doll no Cody
no cats cats are the devil you know one
time I read this story about a cat that
wore a hat and he caused all kinds of
Mischief yeah destroyed them poor white
people home he balanced the cake on a
right Cody and then he came back yeah
and it was written by a doctor guys Dr
Seuss was an author exactly Cody he
wrote books until tell you know he's
smart oh baby tell him about the one uh
that that that cat that chased the rat
around the house oh don't even get me
started about that Tom and Jerry that
cat knew how to use all kinds of
Weaponry yeah he was a minister Society
oh man and then there's that Garfield oh
don't even get me started about him we
don't have enough lasagna yeah I don't
want nobody eat my lasagna yeah your
father loves his lasagna you should just
get a nice little doggy like that
Clifford but Clifford wasn't little he
was huge oh what about that Scooby dooo
oh I love his Scooby Snacks oh yeah yeah
and then you could get a doggy like that
airbud you know he played football among
many other sports you know Cody you
can't keep this hat if you want to come
home you're going to have to leave it
here but Mom I can't just leave him well
that's too bad
Cody look I'm already sneezing all right
come on Tyrone let's go all right baby
so what are you going to do now Cody I
don't know I can't go home so I might as
well just stay here until we figure this
out uh can I let Ken out of the cage I
kind of feel bad for him yeah do it okay
oh man I can't wait to eat the pizza I
just warmed
up hey you stupid cat get out of here
scam what you eating my
Pizza you know what I'mma call a cat
exterminator hello hey there you call an
exterminator yeah wait you're a cop oh
yeah well I exterminate things I
exterminate crime you know I exterminate
illegal activity well look there's a cat
in my kitchen and I need you to get him
out is he wearing a hat no dang thought
I finally got that guy you know he's
been breaking into people's houses and
messing everything all up and then the
craziest part is that he fixes
everything before he leaves he's like
some kind of Rogue Property Brothers
well can you get him out well not if
it's a regular cat you know I mean
besides whenever I see him I get all
mushy but you know I could evict him but
he'd have 60 days to get out well do
that then okay excuse me Mr Cat this is
your eviction notice you have 60 days to
leave the premises EXC excuse me get get
a job bum he so cute what was that well
I I I I did I did the thing but he
didn't really seem like he cared no no I
wanted him out today well legally he has
60 days to leave I mean if you want him
out earlier than that you're going to
have to call a better exterminator oh
God I'll call another exterminator so
what's your plan now Cody well I still
don't know why my machine didn't work so
I've been trying to fix it have you
tried throwing it on the ground no I
don't want to break it have you tried
throwing it down the stairs no that'll
break the machine have you tried
throwing it out the window no Junior I
don't want to break it well is it
already broken said to turn Ken into a
cat instead of a human yeah I guess
you're right it couldn't hurt to try
yeah let's go try it all right Cody
throw that thing down the stairs
okay all right Cody now spike it I
really don't want to break it spike it
okay all right I wonder if it's fixed
you should try it out on Joseph yes but
no Jor we don't know if it works well if
it's broken Joseph will turn into a cat
but if it's fixed Joseph will stay the
same cuz he's a human come on dude
please are you sure Joseph yes I always
wanted to be a cat now I can get away
with it when I poop on the playground
and cover it with sand I used to get
caught but now if I'm a cat I can get
away with it okay stand back junior all
right Joseph get
ready Cheetos no no no no no this
doesn't make any sense at all why would
Ken turn into a cat and then Joseph turn
into Cheetos well we did throw your
machine around no no that doesn't make
any sense wait a minute Ken turned into
an orange cat and Joseph turned into an
orange snack they're both Orange H yeah
yeah you might be on to something there
Junior let me write this down all right
Cody I made this Vin diagram to find out
what they both have in common so Ken
turned into a cat and Joseph turned into
Cheetos and the only thing they have in
common is they're both orange so what
does that
mean Cody look the the mascot of Cheetos
is an orange cat oh my God you're right
he's a cheetah and cheetah are orange
and Cheetos are orange what else is
orange basketballs yeah yeah and who
plays basketball LeBron James LeBron
James yeah and he makes Sprite cranberry
commercials yeah and Sprite is owned by
Coca-Cola which is a rival of Pepsi
Pepsi yeah and Pepsi's blue yeah and we
use the blue marker and blue is the
complimentary color to Orange okay okay
and Pepsi owns Cheetos okay all right so
what restaurants serve Pepsi H Applebees
uh KFC o Taco Bell Taco Bell Taco Bell
what does Taco Bell serve uh Mexican
food uh Doritos tacos Doritos Doritos
Doritos are found in the patry to the
patry all right let's see if Joseph's in
here Joseph what's up dude how'd you get
here uh I just poofed in here and uh
I've been eating your PO Tarts I'm sorry
dude so wait a minute that means your
machine Cody it doesn't turn people into
stuff it makes them swap places with
things so Joseph and the Cheetos just
swap places yeah and Ken's not really a
cat he just swapped places with a cat
Joseph stopped touching my Pop-Tarts I'm
sorry dude they're my Pop-Tarts I'm
hungry okay so then where's Ken I don't
know but we have to make sure nothing
happens to that cat if the owner comes
looking for the cat maybe we can swap
them for K yeah let's do that all right
where's the cat oh hello oh hello you
called a chicken exterminator no I
called a cat exterminator that's what I
said chicken look whatever the cat is in
my kitchen I need you to get them out
what color is the chicken it's orange M
orange chicken my favorite so colorful
yet so delicious I'll have him out as
quick as you can
say well that was too fast hold on let
me go get him come on okay so what's
your plan so I have chicken food
underneath the box and when the chicken
go up underneath there I'm going to pull
the string and it's going to trap him
underneath the Box well hurry up and
trap him then okay come here chicken
chicken chicken chicken
chicken oh gotcha oh I got away that's
so close well that didn't work well I
still have a few more ideas on my seve
hey shf peipi have you seen an orange
wait what's Jackie you doing here he's
here to exterminate that orange cat uh
you can't exterminate the orange cat
that that orange cat belongs to Cody
yeah yeah yeah look I don't care who it
belongs to that cat ate my pizza so you
owe me a whole pizza and someone owes me
some orang chicken okay okay everybody
just calm down for a second yeah you
guys cannot exterminate the orange cat
because Cody's great great great great
great great great great grandfather gave
him that cat Junior that cat would be
over 100 years old it's a very old cat
look I don't care if it belonged to
Jesus and Jesus gave it to him look if
that cat's not out of my house I'm going
exterminate him personally okay Cody uh
let's look at the cat all right Junior
there's the cat okay here's the plan
we're going to run up and grab him put
him in the cage and keep him safe okay
okay you're going to run up and grab him
put him in the cage and keep him safe
and I'm going to answer the door okay
got it come here
kitty here kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty
kitty kitty kitty uh hello up Ro gith
hard yep that's me Joseph get out of
here Roy gith hard's at my door wait
what Roy Roy gith hard no way no way not
Mr gith hard you can't
be yeah yeah it's me it's Roy GTH hard
oh my God oh my God Roy Roy Roy is it
true that you went to a Super Bowl and
you didn't have to pay for anything that
old story yeah it's true did you really
walk on the field yep you didn't have to
pay a single dime nope not even before a
drink nope oh Roy you're so cool please
make me get hard like you sorry you
can't get hard you got to be born hard
oh Mr Roy did did you go to the Super
Bowl this year uh no but last year I
went to the Super Bowl didn't have to
pay for a thing oh
Roy ro ro ro so so Roy what are you
doing here well I found this stupid doll
in my glitter box and uh I just came
here looking for my cat because I know
your friend likes to play with this dude
oh my God Joseph Roy's cat's been at my
house this whole time dude we've been
playing with Roy's cat Roy's cat dude
cat Ro's cat Ro's cat Roy's cat okay
okay okay your cat is here so uh we'll
just go get it for you and uh do you
need a new cat I'll be a cat uh no I'm
more of a dog guy like my parents own a
dog shampoo place oh my God oh my God
he's so cool that doesn't even makes
sense he a cat wait wait can you shampoo
me cuz I haven't bathed in like 3 weeks
uh no I'm good I just want my cats okay
Ro so yeah just give me give me J take
that okay wait he just touched Ken and I
just got Ken oh you touched the same
thing Ro basically touched Roy B touch
oh that's so cool Ro can I have my cat
now yeah yes sir Mr Roy anything for
free let's go get his cat Cody Cody Cody
did you get the cat yeah he's in this
cage hey Cody here's kid thanks let go
of him no let me go one more smell one
more
smell why are you guys being so weird
Cody you will not believe who had Ken
this whole time Roy
hey hey stop being selfish dude you're
licking all the Roy germs off let me get
a lick I want to lick
too I'm Ro no I'm super
[Music]
Roy guys is anybody going to bring me my
cat
[Music]
and