Marvin I'm so excited to go to the club
tonight look I got my dancing shoes on
I'll try to get jiggy with it what's
wrong Marvin I hate going to the club
cuz guys are going to talk to you and
then I'm going to get upset guys aren't
going to talk to me Marvin why can't we
just stay home hey Marvin what's up yeah
we've been pregaming in the car on the
way over here so you're going to have to
be the DD the DD the designated driver
duh oh my God I love your outfit thank
you I love yours Marvin what the [ __ ]
are you wearing a suit why are you
wearing a suit we're going to the club
you're not going on trial you're not
holding a press conference I thought it
looked nice no you look like her dad
especially because she's dressed like a
child on her way to church Hy cut it out
no that's fine if they want to be
embarrassed let them be embarrassed what
am I supposed to wear this drip swag you
know I look like I have chlamydia you
look like a goob hey daddy where you
guys going we're going to the club oh
can I go no it's for adult only well I'm
19 yeah sorry kid it's 21 and up but
you're a cop can't you sneak me in no
because then it would be a total sausage
fest more for me and you right morvin
we're married yeah sure sure we are
buddy okay everybody to the
club okay fine I'm going to start my own
club and none of you will be allowed in
it oh man Marvin this club is lit it
sure is oh my God I love this song me
too okay Marvin now that the girls are
distracted let me know if you see any
hot babes I think I see one over there o
good eye Marvin Good Eye Now call Batman
cuz the rizzler here hey Brad Come dance
over here with me bro okay hey ma'am I
don't like to watch sunsets but I'd like
to watch you go down on me what if I
flipped a coin what are the odds I'd get
head huh I'm in college and normally in
class I try to get an A but with you I'd
like to F what hey I lost my keys I
think they're in your panties can I look
in your panties Brad he's trying to get
on my panties hey you hitting on my girl
bro yeah so what if I am do something no
guys don't fight oh my boy Marvin's here
he's going to kick your ass no I'm not
you want to fight bro I don't want to
fight oh yeah he wants to fight Marvin
called you a [ __ ] and he said your
breath smells like cat [ __ ] don't talk
about my breath Marvin I think we should
leave
Jeffy what are you doing to the playroom
well my mommy and daddy went to a club
and they said that I couldn't go so I'm
starting my own club and it's going to
be called Club Jeffy no adults allow
aren't you 19 yeah but I'm going to be
the only adult allowed here kind of
weird dude but we're not going to judge
so what's all this stuff well I got
disco balls a disco penis and a bubble
machine because hoes love Bubbles hoes
do love Bubbles everyone in the world's
going to want to come here well
hopefully not too many people I mean
we're going to have to get the Fire
Marshall in here to see what the
capacity this place is otherwise it's a
fire hazard dude you should not be
allowed in here what safety first so we
can invite all the people we want yeah
invite everybody let's go invite
everyone woo I'm going to invite the
Fire
Marshall hey Jeffy I brought my
girlfriend Penelope hey sweet you like
my sign that's a pretty nice sign Jeffy
hey guys I brought the Fire Marshall top
of the morning to you wait Cody no it
don't all outow but he needs to make
sure the room is up to code or it could
be a fire hazard no Cody he's not
allowed in there come on you can come in
what no he can't go in there oh this
club's pretty [ __ ] sweet wait is that
a bubble machine Jeffy what are we going
to do about that we need security yeah
we got to hire security to make sure no
adults come in there we got to hire
someone really scary that'll beat him up
I know just the guy Junior why did you
call me I hate you well we were
wondering if you would be the security
at the new club that we just opened why
would I be security for you nerds at
your nerd Club yeah I don't want bully
in my club well Jeffy if we hire him
he'll never be allowed in the club he'll
work outside the club he'll never be
able to come in oh good than you Junior
yeah we were going to pay you aund $
what yeah yeah okay for money I'll do it
okay good you're hired so here's what it
is no adults allowed so ask for IDs and
if anyone shows you an ID you make sure
they don't get in because no adults are
allowed okay got it also there's an
adult in there right now I need you to
grab them and throw them out okay yeah
so what's the capacity I'd say about 25
people that's it yeah it's a playroom on
the second story of our house all right
old gezer time to go what excuse me
young man you can't talk to your elders
that way time to bounce let me go and
stay out see Jeffy I told told you we
hired the right person yeah good idea
Junior so bully I made a list of all the
people that are allowed inside the club
if there's a check mark that means
they're already here okay cool all right
so only let the people in this list in
okay all right let's go woo woo this is
the greatest Club ever wo are those
bubbles hell yeah they
[Applause]
are okay bro you can step aside PJ's
here I'm sorry what was your name ladies
you hear that what the [ __ ] his name PJ
crha Jimmy James CR Shaw Jam CR Shaw I'm
sorry I don't see any of those names on
the list PJ's not on the list now ladies
calm down I'm sure there's just been
some kind of misunderstanding because PJ
is on every list yeah you're not on this
list oh my God PJ's not on the list no
mucho live listen bro if you don't let
me into this club right now no girl is
ever going to come here ever again no I
understand that but I have very strict
instructions not to let anybody in
unless they're on the list like those
girls can come in but not you yay yeah
well well you know what I'm going to
[Laughter]
do go Jeffy go Jeffy go Jeffy go
Jeffy do you guys hear PJ crw crying
yeah dude hold let me go see what's
going on what's going on this guy said
I'm not allone in your club because I'm
not on the list what the heck bully of
course you're allowed in PJ yeah than
thanks bro hey man you're really lucky
he showed up when he did I was about to
F you come on girls what the heck was
that about bully you didn't let PJ in
you said only to let people in if their
name is on the list and his name was not
on the list but PJ crinch is the coolest
kid in the world of course he's allowed
in well you didn't tell me that oh my
God if you wouldn't have let PJ in then
he would have told every girl in the
world not to come to this club and the
club would have closed down and went
bankrupt what bankrupt am I supposed to
be charging people money to come in here
yes you're supposed to be charging guys
$20 to get in you never told me that oh
my God so you're telling me a lot of
people are in there for free yeah okay
how about you charge a leaving fee they
can't leave until you give them they
tell they give you $20 okay fine all
right so make sure you let the cool
people in the cool people okay this
party is cool huh yeah hey can you watch
my drink I have to go to the bathroom
[Music]
Okay junior junior what I think we got a
situation what is it I just saw Patrick
dump a bunch of sour skittles into a
girl's drink he did what yeah look at
him what's he trying to do I think he's
trying to see her sour face junior or
he's trying to get her to taste his
rainbow you let Jeffy know okay hey
Jeffy we got a problem
what well kick his ass out club Jeffy is
a safe space for girls and show is my
face bully get over here okay bully he's
right here all right man come on your
night's over what are you talking about
nobody's going to be spiking girl drinks
at this club oh come on man it was too s
with Skittles nope come on you're going
out of here no no I'm not going come on
man don't make my job harder no come on
you're embarrassing yourself pull your
pants off get them out of here get out
of here [ __ ] you you uh hey my name is
shipi I'm supposed to be catering this
club I got a pizza oh man you look way
too old for me to let you in here how
old are you come on I know your parents
told you not to ask a lady her age sorry
I can't let you in here man what I'm
supposed to be delivering this pizza you
got to let me in well you could give me
the pizza and I'll deliver it well how
do I get paid dumb ass uh well you could
ask my boss well where's your boss he's
inside well let me in and how am I
supposed to get paid if I can't go in
sorry I can't let you in well nobody's
getting this pizza then hey bully did
Chef peip come with the pizza yeah yeah
he came but he was too old for me to let
him in what you didn't let Chef peee in
with the pizza everyone's hungry well no
because he's an adult and you said no
adults allowed oh Chef peee can come in
for a second to drop off a pizza well
you didn't tell me that the sign say no
adults allowed not no adults allowed
except for pizza man you should know
this okay you know what if you ever have
a question just ask me and I'll come
give you an answer okay did anyone else
try to come in that you didn't let in
well there was this one guy who pulled
up with 10 hoes in a Doney van and he
called himself the coochie man but I
didn't let him in so I went back to
coochie land you didn't let the coochie
man in no no he didn't want to pay the
$20 to come in and his hoes didn't want
to go in without him if a guy pulls up
with 10 hoes in a doy van you let him in
cuz that's 10 hoes oh there's so many
rules you didn't tell me okay listen if
you ever have a question you just ask me
and if I don't know an answer I'll ask
Jeffy okay oh Marvin I can't believe
that man randomly punched you in the
face yeah so Random yeah why'd you do
that morvin I don't know maybe cuz you
said I said his breast SM like cat [ __ ]
well his breath did smell like cat [ __ ]
and besides you're the one who was
flirting with his girl no I wasn't
Marvin what you were worried about me
talking to guys and you were over there
talking to girls I wasn't talking to any
girls he was no yeah huh nope yeah yeah
you were you said you wanted to get head
no no I was talking about a coin flip
Marvin actually I should have said what
are the chances I get head or tail then
I went either way oh that would have
been good I should have said that I mean
you should have said that you know what
Karen and I are going downstairs to bake
cookies you you hear that loud music man
it's probably just the toniest from how
loud the club was no it sounds like it's
inside the house hm yeah you're right we
should check it out okay look Martin
this is where the music's coming from
Club Jeffy is Jeffy in there yeah it's
his Club let me speak to him no no no no
no you're way too old no adults allowed
this is my house and this is my room I'm
allowed in yeah well it's jeffy's club
and he says no adults Allowed no I'm
allowed in back off man I'm allow it oh
wow Marvin hit in the face twice in one
day arrest him for punching me I'm not
going to arrest a bouncer for doing his
job he's a kid he doesn't have a job
look let me try to talk to him yo yo yo
homie what's up [ __ ] with Swiss cheese
listen man you're not allowed in here oh
come on I'll slip you about 3 F if you
let me and my friend in there no sorry
no adults allowed oh but there's a
bubble machine in there I want to go in
there I hate you Jeffy Jeffy Hey listen
man calm down Jeffy hey quiet F your CL
up oh Fu your Club up what's up party
people these two geezers want to come in
oh hey Daddy yeah you're not coming in
my club Jeffy you can't start a club in
my house well I did and I'm [ __ ] up
some commas we haven't made any money
Jeffy you have to let me inside this
club since it's inside my house oh 1 2
three don't have two one 2 three you do
have two h no not don't let them in well
Jeffy you have to let us in I said back
off man oh we'll be back and we're going
to find a way in come on W best party
ever hey guys look I'm riding the bubble
machine dude fire
fire hold on hold on I forgot to charge
everybody 20 bucks you came in so now I
have to charge everyone 20 bucks to
leave screw that there's a
fire daddy there's a fire in my club a
fire well you're a firefighter go put it
out well I mean I would but it's no
adults allowed oh yeah Jeffy there's no
adults allowed so I guess your club's
going to burned down that's fine it's
your house he's right it is my house go
put out the fire but no adults allow go
put it out okay all right kid move out
of the way I got to put out that fire
nope no adults allowed are you [ __ ]
kidding me the room behind you is on
fire no I take my job there very
seriously so you're not coming in what
what are you talking about if I don't
put out that fire this whole house is
going to burn down nope I'm not falling
for your tricks tricks just turn around
nope that's the oldest trick in the book
okay you know what you can [ __ ] die
did you put out the fire no that guy was
an [ __ ] and he wouldn't move what are
you talking about you didn't put out the
fire no he wouldn't let me in what the
fire alarm's going off go put out the
fire no no this is what he wanted that's
fine he wants to die I want to die that
works for both of us go put out the
[ __ ]
fire
[Music]