ooh ooh ooh I'm LeBron
no a man my basketball win in the sewer
oh maybe I can reach it hi
Joseph looking for this oh yeah that's
my basketball then grab it
okay all right Susan what do we got a
kid was playing outside and something in
that sewer ate him sir ate him you say
yes the neighbors reported sounds of
munching hm could have been an alligator
monster munching sir a monster Munch The
Monster Munch they did the monster Munch
The Monster Munch well I mean it could
be Pennywise it has been exactly 27
years has it been that long sir yeah how
time flies were there any Witnesses yes
sir that man over there oh my God is
that the voice actor from the intro of
Charlie and friends I am oh can you say
the thing I don't think that's
appropriate right now oh come on just
for me all right fine Charlie and
friends was filmed in front of a live
audience oh I love it so did you see the
Kid die or what yeah uh he he was
playing by the drain and then uh clown
came out and ate him oh well that sounds
like Pennywise thank you sir you can go
okay sir what are we going to do well
I'm sure as hell not going down there
cuz I don't want to get eight eight
eight apples and
bananes so I say we get a grenade and we
just toss it down there that'll either
scare him out so we can arrest him or
it'll blow his face off but sir where
are we going to get a grenade oh Simmons
get the Grenade on a stick this is what
you're talking about yeah just light it
and throw it in the sewer I don't have a
lighter oh [ __ ] neither do I uh Susan
lighter no sir um hey Charlie and
friends intro guy yeah I thought you
said I could go yeah you can but do you
have a lighter of course I smoked crack
okay yeah I don't want to get any
royalty checks from Charlie and friend's
intro oh well that sucks but can you
like that for me yeah
sure fire in the
hole is it over I think so sir all right
let's check and see if we got him oh I
can't see [ __ ] and I'm not going going
down there to check either I think we
should just put out a news alert that
says Pennywise on the loose so guys and
girl what do you want to do today wait
where's Joseph I don't know I haven't
heard from him all day the last time I
heard from him he said he was going to
practice dribbling his basketball in the
middle of the road oh he should be fine
then yeah but I brought my snug booom
don't call her that hi Cody don't talk
to other men what you want him oh wait
Junior I feel weird what's wrong uh I
feel like I have to tell everybody about
today's sponsor for the video hey guys I
wanted to tell you about today's sponsor
honai star rail it's a free game for PC
Mobile and now available on my favorite
PS5 that's my favorite console I say it
all the time Hawkeye star rail let's you
go on an RPG space adventure exploring
crazy new worlds solving puzzles finding
secrets and fighting in turn-based
battles with tons of characters to
choose from my favorite character right
now is topaz she's so hot I mean I'm gay
but she's still hot wow and she's got
this cute pet numby they do Crazy Fire
stuff together that deals tons of damage
he's always there to help out in battle
Hawkeye star rail's brand new update
features new story two new maps and
they're even kicking off the ethereum
wars where you can make your favorite
monsters fight if you log in for 7 days
you can get 10 free star rail special
passes and use them to try to get the
new characters Jingo or topaz download
now to try this game out too and if you
use the code below you can get 50
Stellar Jades thanks to honky star for
sponsoring this video now go play or
I'll put my wait jeffy's diaper on your
head breaking news Pennywise the Dancing
Clown ate a kid in a sewer today police
want to hold an emergency press
conference now come here you damn booger
got to get the damn booger out of there
what oh we're live uh well yeah I I was
picking my nose yeah sometimes you just
got to get that booger out of there you
know uh but anyway back to the press
conference I just wanted to make a
statement letting everybody know they
should keep their children indoors and
keep an eye on them so Penny wise
doesn't eat them okay also be on the
lookout for a red balloon floating
around Penny wise likes to do that
before he shows up so we just want to
make sure Penny wise doesn't have
anything to eat eat eatles and Bonin
thank you Jeepers Creepers Penny wise is
on the loose what's a Pennywise Junior
you've never heard of Penny wise the
Dancing Clown I hate clowns that's my
biggest fear since what have clowns been
your biggest fear ever since we got
kidnapped by one on the bus oh yeah that
did happen anyway Penny wise is a
monster that can turn himself into your
biggest fear and then he eats you wait
he can turn himself into your biggest
fear yeah no matter what it is yeah no
matter what what if my biggest fear was
9/11 happening again like 9/11 to The
Squeakquel well they wouldn't call it
The Squeakquel how do you know they
wouldn't name it after a chipmunk movie
well if that was my biggest fear he
really could turn himself into buildings
and planes in a national tragedy well I
don't know is that your biggest fear no
my biggest fear is Coco what the hell is
you don't know what Coco is scary girl
from 2019 no Google it okay Google Coco
the scariest thing you'll ever see yeah
I told you yeah that is pretty
scary you're not kidding you're really
afraid of that thing yeah it's really
scary I don't want Coco to eat me what's
your biggest fear oh well I mean mine's
kind of dumb what is it well I have aach
aerophobia what is that well it's the
fear of getting peanut butter stuck to
the roof of your mouth that is the
gayest thing I've ever heard Cody well
that's what I'm the most afraid of
there's no way you're afraid of peanut
butter get stuck to the roof of your
mouth yes I am you know how when you're
eating a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich and the peanut butter gets
stuck to the roof of your mouth what if
you just couldn't get it off it was
stuck there forever C it's not a fear
Cody shut up well that's what I'm the
most afraid of I'm the only one here
with a real fear which is Coco yours is
the only one that isn't real peanut
Butter's real clowns are real not real
Coco is real Coco eat both you guys up
Coco eat your peanut butter and we eat
your clown well okay well I don't even
care so I'm just going to go home okay
okay yeah well I'm going to stay here
and go to take a nap or something I'm
going to make like a banana and
split they were annoying me anyway hey
there Penelope I just came to tell you
good night wait who you texting my
boyfriend boyfriend what's he look like
I don't know he has orange hair he's
funny wait he's not a clown is he dad
well you know cuz I did this case today
where a kid got eaten by a clown I know
Dad I saw it on the news well I just
wanted to remind you there's a clown
that comes out of a sewer every 27 years
and he eats kids just like you and
because you're afraid of clowns he feeds
off of that so you'd be like number one
on his list you'd be like a beefy Crunch
Wrap Supreme to him thanks Dad and you
know what's extra messed up you can't
even get away from him too it doesn't
matter if you lock your doors and
windows he'll still just show up he's
like magic or some [ __ ] dad quit it okay
okay I'm just reminding you you see a
red balloon he coming okay so you want
these lights off no keep them on after
you told me all that well guess what you
don't pay the power bill so I'm going to
turn them off and I'm going to go try to
bang your
stepmom oh and also break up with your
boyfriend you're not allowed to have a
boyfriend until you're like 37
I hate
him what's that a red balloon my dad
says that means he
coming
H don't you like B no I don't want
it what the hell was that bnie you
didn't hear your daughter scream yeah
but she does stuff like that all the
time she screamed really loudly Bo you
should go check on her nah she's fine
she probably like started her period or
something I don't know anything about
that I'm not touching that Cody you [ __ ]
Cody your PB and J is ready oh no PB and
J what's the PB to J ratio mom is it
more PB or J Cody mommy didn't take a
meds today so just eat your [ __ ]
sandwich okay well it's a good thing I
took my peanut allergy medicine ooh that
still looks like a lot of peanut butter
ooh here I go
oh no that was way too much peanut
butter yeah it's stuck to the roof of my
mouth that's my worst
fear oh no it's Penny wise I bet he made
the peanut butter stick to the roof of
my
mouth that was that peanut butter I
don't like it it's
stuck I'm getting it though hold
on yeah I got it you can't kill me
now I'm still going to run to Junior's
house
though uh hey Junior oh hey Cody what
are you doing here what game you playing
oh I was just playing honky star rail oh
you got numby don't you yeah you're
playing as topaz right yeah I love numby
what are you doing here you said you
were going home well I did but then
Pennywise tried to kill me he did yeah I
was eating a PB and J sandwich and that
dang old peanut butter got stuck right
to the roof of my mouth and I almost
died luckily my tongue game's hard so I
just licked that peanut butter right off
there I could show you how good my
tongue game is if you want me to what
what oh no I was texting Penelope and
she stopped replying so I started
playing this really fun game I don't
know maybe Penny wise got her no she
didn't die no Pennywise doesn't even
exist like he hasn't even tried to eat
me well have you seen that's your
biggest fear no I haven't seen Coco
Coco No don't scream Pennywise feeds off
of that he thinks it's delicious but
Coco is so scary like look at the face
look at that scary ass face oh my God
he's getting more hungry no junior
junior Penny wise can't hurt us if we're
not afraid of him just say something
mean to him look watch hey that's just a
Spirit Halloween m
ask see we're making him cry okay so I
got to say mean stuff yeah okay Coco uh
you look like Michael Jackson yeah he
does he does yeah he's crying keep going
uh you look like one of those emo kids
in high
school yeah yeah yeah keep saying mean
stuff and I bet you get no ho that's why
you eat
kids that one hurt he gets no hoes no ho
mo mo yeah you get no ho look Junior
he's back in his clown form now we can
make fun of him for being a clown you're
a stupid ugly clown yeah I bet you
didn't go to college that's why you
became a clown yeah I bet you can't even
make balloon animals yeah and who has
orange hair only ugly people have orange
hair yeah yeah I bet you haven't even
played honky star you [ __ ] nerd yeah
yeah I bet you don't know who numby is
either yeah or topack idiot he such an
idiot yeah what a loser all right Junior
he's weak no rip his [ __ ] hard out
okay so violent oh my God there's blood
everywhere yeah I ripped his heart out
oh I wish we could show that that was so
but we just can't yeah there's blood
everywhere look his heart is beating on
the ground squirting blood every time it
beats he's so dead yeah oh my god oh
there's blood everywhere yeah that was
cool wow Cody I didn't have to wash my
hands cuz I wiped it on the bed sheet
that I can't show oh that's really
convenient I didn't think it would be so
easy to kill him honestly yeah so what
are we going to do now we have all night
to hang out well Junior I think we're
going to play some Hawkeye star
[Music]
rail
[Music]
m