jeffy are you ready for school sure am
daddy what jeffy what'd you do to your
shirt i cut it up cause i wanted it to
look like swiss cheese jeffy you can't
go to school like that yeah they're
gonna send you home for having holes in
your shirt darn didn't know that was
gonna happen you're still going to
school jeffy but i don't have a shirt to
wear sure you do jeffy i got you this
shirt for christmas it has a turtle on
it and it says totally cool
oh that's so sick mommy i want to put it
on right now
all right mommy how do i look you look
totally cool jeffy damn right i do all
right jeffy let's go to school daddy
everyone's gonna be so jealous on my new
shirt i'm gonna pull major hoes oh
that's good jeffy come on
hey idiot what happened to your old
shirt did you wipe your butt with it
you're just jealous you don't have a
cool shirt that has words on it oh yeah
what's it say it actually says turtle
and cool and it has a little turtle with
sunglasses on it
it should say that you're returned
or or return it yeah that's it you're
returning ha ha
my mommy told me that i was eternally
cool
your mommy dresses you
i don't want this stupid shirt anymore
well calm down incredible hulk
wait a minute you don't have any nipples
hey everybody jeffy doesn't have nipples
it's not my fault i was born without
nipples
[Applause]
jeffy why'd you take your shirt off
because i thought that shirt was going
to make girls give me major treatment
but all i did was get me made fun of
they made fun of your shirt jeffy yeah
because apparently it's not cool to be
totally cool they called me
morphin it's funny those kids are just
mean jeffy well i'm never wearing that
shirt ever ever ever ever ever again
that's okay jeffy i got you another
shirt and it says mommy really loves me
and has two whales hugging you really
want me to get made fun of don't you
mommy oh it's cute jeffy is it going to
make girls turn in your bobble heads
i don't know about that jeffy but go
ahead and put it on okay mommy i'll wear
it tomorrow but it better not get me
made fun of
i see you got your old shirt back wait
that's not your old shirt that's a new
shirt what's it say nothing i want to
know what your shirt says no no show me
your shirt i'm not showing you my shirt
what does your shirt say it says my
mommy whaley loves me and it has a whale
on it my mommy really loves me that's
really lame well at least my mommy loves
me well what is your mommy a whale hey
everybody jeffy's mom's a whale hey yeah
your mom's a whale shut up cody your
mom's a whale i was just really glad
that joke wasn't about me for once you
gonna go to the ocean and see your mommy
that's it i'm tired of this
what are you gonna go kiss your mom's
big whale lips
it happened again they made fun of your
shirt again jiffy yeah and they called
you a whale mommy what
you eat a lot of cheetos baby marvin
look jeffy your mom got you another
shirt i did
it says hanging with mommy and has two
sloths oh absolutely not i'm done with
shirts do you want to bully me i'm gonna
become the bully now
oh that's not gonna be good
hey loser what's with the new look your
balls finally drop hey what are you
doing get off no no
no no oh no he pulled my underwear up
over my face oh god i have two stains on
it this is so gross and embarrassing i'm
gonna get pink guy
anyone else one job huh cody called your
mama whale what junior no no what are
you doing what are you doing
okay yes daddy uh he gave me a wedgie
should have pulled hardy ha ha cody you
have rainbow pony underwear junior
they're not underwear they're panties oh
my god i have those can i smell them ew
no junior you're gross jeffy stop
worrying everyone go to the principal's
office now jeffy what are you doing
doesn't do my laundry
hey jeffy how was school shut up nerd
jeffy what'd you call me nerd because
you are one what are you doing what are
you doing
he put my underwear in my face
that is it jeffy you are grounded oh
you're gonna ground me i'm gonna show
you grounded jeffy what are you doing
giving you a swirling nerd what jeffy if
you put my head in that toilet
jeffy gave me a swirly he what he put my
head in the toilet jeffy why would you
do that because she's a nerd jeffy
that's not how we act we treat others
the way we want to be treated well
everyone wants to bully me so now i'm
going to be the bully so no one mess
with me
marvin what do we do i'm calling the
cops he assaulted me with my underwear
and a toilet hey there somebody call the
police i heard an old lady say that at
the barber shop today she called me the
police i like that i'm gonna say that
from now on police so what do you need
my son is bullying me he gave me a
swirly and he put my underwear over my
eyes classic not classic he's assaulting
me well i know how to deal with that
kind of situation you do oh yeah i used
to get bullied a lot in high school let
me tell you a story i always get bullied
by this guy named trevor he used to call
me names like brace face you know
because i wore braces at the time and he
used to pull my pants down in front of
all the cheerleaders and they would all
laugh at me and say haha tiny so one day
i decided to get revenge on him by
pulling his pants down in front of the
cheerleaders and boy did that backfire
because he was hung like a horse all the
girls like him even mrs jenkins i i i
had a crush on her she was kind of a hot
teacher but anyway me and trevor became
friends after that because i helped him
get so many girls by pulling his pants
down so i guess the moral of this story
is what you should do is pull jeffy's
pants down in class no that don't do
that that's not right that's that's not
what i meant at all okay okay okay
better example better example okay i
also used to get bullied by this guy
named travis now travis was a real freak
he put a wasp nest in my backpack so
whenever i opened my backpack a bunch of
wasps flew out and they started stinging
me so i ran around the classroom taking
my clothes off and then everybody just
pointed at me and laughed and said ha ha
tiny so i wanted to get revenge on him
so the next day i put a wasp nest in his
backpack and then when he opened his
backpack he got stung by wasps and he
ran around the class taking his clothes
off and boy did that backfire because he
was packing all the girls liked him oh
yeah except we didn't become friends
because he was pissed that he put a wasp
nest in his backpack so the moral of
this story is you should put a wasp nest
in jeffy's backpack no don't don't do
that either that was okay that sucks too
okay okay okay but last example this
one's gonna be good this will make sense
i promise okay so i also used to get
bullied by this guy named trent and we
rode the bus together so what he would
do was put gum in my hair which sucked
because then i'd have to shave my head
to get the gum out and then everybody
would laugh at me and say ha ha baldy
and also tiny you know because they
remembered when i get pantsed and the
whole thing with the wasps so i wanted
to get revenge on him so what i did was
i put gum in his hair and he had to
shave his head and then the next day he
got hit by a car and i felt kind of bad
so i went to visit him in the icu and i
walked in when they were changing his
body cast and he was packing i mean all
of the nurses wanted to help him so the
moral of this story is you should push
jeffy in front of a car no no no no
don't oh man i'll i'll admit i i'm not
the right guy for this yeah you don't
know what you're talking about no no no
let me just talk to him and i'll explain
to him why bullying people is wrong okay
hey champ what are you doing writing
hate comments on html videos but they
work so hard but they won't bring back
their plushies well they can't do that
look i wanted to talk to you about
something what do you want loser oh okay
so you're already starting with the name
calling now i know the only reason
you're doing that is because you're just
lashing out because you don't know how
else to express yourself well you're
ugly okay that one kind of hurt a little
bit but look what i wanted to say is
that i used to be just like you i mean i
wasn't cross-eyed like that but i i did
get bullied a lot you did oh yeah i get
bullied all the time and you know how i
got over it i found out that everybody
was packing i don't really know why but
then when i grew up i became a cop so i
can bully whoever i want it's my job to
bully people you going too fast boom
speeding ticket speeding tickets are my
swirlies so what i'm trying to say is i
know that deep down you know that
bullying is wrong right
well that didn't work oh no he did it to
you too yeah the only thing i learned
here is i gotta start wiping better well
what do we do now officer yeah what do
we do i don't know he's probably just
going through a phase i'm sure he'll
grow out of it or he'll end up in prison
he might be packing i don't know i'm
just gonna go no don't go we need your
help we really need your help well i've
done everything i can do and i don't
want my face to end up in your toilet
again look i have an idea that'll stop
bullying people but really yeah let me
show you i won't be able to see it
because i got underwear in my eyes
thank you but i would wash my hands if i
were you
all right we're all gonna wear these
shirts and when jeffy sees him he's
going to bully us for wearing these
shirts and he's going to realize he's
became what he hated most being a bully
i hate this shirt i look like a dingus
oh it's cute hanging with mommy i hate
my mother i would never hang with her i
also hate sloths they're all lanky and
they're creepy and i hate them look you
only have to wear this shirt for like a
few minutes for jeffy to see you yeah so
he can make fun of us and then shove my
face in the toilet again and then put my
poopy underwear in my face yeah that
sounds like a lot of fun no he's gonna
realize that he's a bully and he's not
gonna want to be a bully anymore jeffy
get in here what do you losers want
don't hurt me oh god no please please
just there look at our shirts look at
our shirts turtley cool that's
well look jeffy look you just bullied me
the same way you used to get bullied in
school
you're right
what have i become i become the same
thing i swore to destroy
i'm not darth vader
i'm sorry daddy i didn't want to be a
bully i was just tired of people
bullying me it's okay jeffy yeah jeffy
as long as you promise you won't bully
anyone ever again yeah daddy i won't
bully anyone ever again i bet you're not
even packing oh no i totally am i got a
wiener like a coke can damn it
[Music]