Jeffy it's time for bed Daddy can I send
it one more time before bed Jeffy what
is this thing well there's a little car
in here and when I hit this thing it
goes around the do do then just do it
real quick all
right Jeffy you hit me with the car can
I do it one more time no Jeffy it's time
to go to bed come on let's do all the
things you want to do okay Jeffy just
lay down and go to sleep but I want
fried okra wa what Jeffy no it's too
late you're not getting fried okra I
want it fried you're not getting it
Jeffy in my mouth Jeffy just go to sleep
I don't I want to hear a peep out of you
beep beep beep Jeffy shut up what Jeffy
did you shoot me with a Nerf Godard
no Jeffy what is that fried okra where'd
you get fried okra the fried okra tree
Jeffy why don't you just eat that fried
okra because that's yesterday's fried
okra you can't expect me to eat day old
okra Jeff I don't know what's going on
just just go to sleep please a all right
Jeffy good
night this door is so squeaky
[Music]
Jeffy I want fried okra no Jeffy you
have fried okra in your bed go to
sleep that door is so squeaky have to
get that fixed soon I just want to lay
down and watch TV jeffy's dumb toys on
the couch I'm going to play with
it what it's broken it's dumb Jeffy your
dumb toy is
broken Jeffy close the door okra no
Jeffy you're not eating okra okra it's
too late for okra close the door okra
close
it Jeffy I said close the
door thank
you stop it stop it's so annoying I'm
getting fixed I'm calling somebody to
fix it hey there somebody call a
handyman I can do literally anything
except give handies so I guess I'm a not
handy man but I can fix things so what
do you need well my son's oh is this Hot
Wheels oh that's so sick hey do you mind
if I send it
sure oh so close oh man that was cool
hey do you mind if I try again okay fine
but like you got to listen to what's
wrong so my son has this door that's
really squeaky I'm listening my son has
this door that's really
squeaky oh right there every time okay
I'm trying again no but my son door is
really squeaky and I want you to fix it
and you're not even okay this thing
sucks what what what are you saying so
my son has this door it's really squeaky
and I was wondering if you could fix it
oh squeaky door yeah that's easy I can
do that just show me okay it's over here
all right here's the door
listen hey hey you know what that sounds
like my bed springs in college huh yeah
cuz I was doing a lot of this you know
yeah I'm just kidding I didn't actually
have a girlfriend but you know good for
the people who can get hoes can you
please fix my door oh yeah it's an easy
fix I just got to use some of this WD40
what's WD40 you don't know what WD40 is
what an idiot everybody knows what WD40
does it it uh it it it uh it stops
squeaks removes and protects loosens
rusted Parts free sticky mechanisms
drives out moisture and is fatal if
swallowed nah I'm just kidding but can
you imagine though just and that's it
I'm gone dead that's it no more me can
you please fix the door yeah
sure you weren't going to stop me yeah
some friend I just want you to fix door
no no no no you act like you're going to
do it no I don't want to do no act like
you're going to do it no no no don't do
that don't you know that's fatal if
swallowed you're going to die hey hey
man I care about you I don't want you to
do something like that see that's what
you should have done oh look I just want
you to fix my door I know you're not
going to do it okay
fine okay I put a crab ton on there now
let's see if the door
squeaks what what the hell it's still
squeaking okay fine I'll just put more
on there and you know what I'll do all
the hinges except for that one that
one's too high up that one's higher than
my ex-wife during the custody hearing I
mean she still got custody of the kids
because I had two DUIs but let's see if
the door
squeaks what okay what's going on here
does this stuff not work I bet it's not
even fatal if
swallowed really you weren't going to
stop me again after all that you know
what you're a bad friend you deserve to
have a squeaky door no no I just want
you to fix my door please okay fine get
me some peanut butter peanut butter
who's the handyman here me or you go get
the peanut butter okay
why are you putting peanut butter on my
door because it's going to muffle the
squeak because it's so thick just like
my ex-wife you know she was thick fat
all right whenever I close the door
you're not going to hear the squeak
anymore what is that what is that
crunching noise what oh no you didn't
what you got extra crunchy peanut butter
yeah I like it what what are you sick in
the head who the hell uses extra crunchy
peanut butter I do what do you put glass
in your cake what do you do you eat eggs
with the shell still on them no well
it's the same thing well I just like
extra crunchy peanut butter do you have
creamy peanut butter no just that well
see that's the problem you use crunchy
peanut butter so now we got a crunch and
a squeak you just added a crunch to the
squeak oh can you just fix my door go
get me a belt a belt yeah because the
door is making a noise and when I was a
kid and I was making noises my mom would
beat me with a belt and that sure shut
me the hell up a belt's not going to
work with that door go get the belt okay
here's your belt oh that's a good one
that looks like it's going to hurt okay
hold on let me get into character
Brookie get your ass in here yes Mommy
Brookie let me see your report card have
you been drinking mommy shut up and let
me see your aort card what's this all
sees again no son of mine's going to be
this
average you think I like doing this well
I do it hurts you so much more than it
hurts me and I love it okay this door is
definitely not going to squeak after
that oh you want some more do
you stop stop it's not going to work
yeah I guess you're right oh man i' I've
never seen a door this squeaky in my
whole life well can you fix it or not
hey do you think there's more doors in
the world or Wheels what like in the
whole world do you think there's more
doors or Wheels I don't know well like
if you think about a car there's like
four doors but there's also four wheels
so I mean I guess it kind of evens out
there but if you think about an 18
wheeler there's so many more Wheels than
there are doors oh and like in
skyscrapers like there's a whole bunch
of doors but like no Wheels I mean I
guess there's wheels in the elevators
but then there there there's also doors
too well in a car there's also a
steering wheel oh my God you're right
they got like five Wheels okay so how
many cars are there in the whole world I
don't know well Google it no okay fine
I'll Google it one more how many cars
are there in the world what there's 1.4
billion cars wow okay so you multiply
that by five that's that's like almost 6
billion Wheels that's that's crazy
that's a lot of Wheels oh my God you
know what else has wheels trains trains
have wheels and trucks and buses and and
not boats oh they have a steering wheel
oh my God I got to Google so many things
oh no no no can you please just fix my
door or not listen man I think only God
could fix this door that's it we can ask
God to fix the door God is too busy to
fix my stupid door well it's worth a
shot God please fix this door hey guys
what's up uh God I'm sorry for bothering
you oh not at all I was just in my room
looking at Tick Tock you know I've been
alive forever that's a really long time
so I'm pretty bored by this point you
know I used to watch dinosaurs fight and
kill each other now I just watch people
lip sink and
dance what happened I'm going to send a
meteor and reset this whole mess so
what's up um well see my door's really
sque hey hey God are there more doors in
the world or Wheels oh that's that's a
really good question it's actually
Wheels but it's close I knew it well God
so my door's really squeaky no no sorry
that's all the time I had I got to go
meet PID at Cracker Barrel G you know
those little Peg games they have on the
tables I've never been able to figure
those out all these years I've never
been able to do it anyway I'll see you
guys later oh great not even God was
able to fix my door yeah sorry I'm just
really obsessed about this whole doors
and wheels thing glad I got my answer
though are you able to fix my door or
not no man I don't think I can do it
this door's a lost cause I knew it I
knew you couldn't do it
excuse me I knew you weren't good enough
to fix my door what hey I'm pretty good
no if you were good you'd fix my door by
now I'm going to go hire a real handyman
okay okay you want your door fixed all
right fine I'll fix your
door what what are you doing I'm fixing
it stop what what are you doing I'm
fixing your door no you just broke my
door oh that was just part of the plan
uh I was going to break the door so that
I could buy you a new door that doesn't
squeak what you going to go get me a new
door I yeah I'll go get it right now oh
my God
here you go here's your new door it
looks just like the old one except it
doesn't have a big hole in the middle
yep and this one doesn't squeak I
guarantee it well then install it all
right here we go all right the new door
is installed but does it squeak let's
find out oh please please please please
please ah you hear that no squeak but
you did it yes I am so good why am I so
good where didd you get the door from oh
I took it off my daughter's bedroom she
doesn't need it you know she's getting
older she might start having boys over
so anything she does in there she's
going to have to do with no door well
how much do I owe you 100 bucks 100
bucks yeah man I did a lot today I I had
to steal my daughter's door I had to
relive childhood trauma I did a lot okay
let me grab my wallet okay all right
here's your $100 thank you I think I'm
going to use this to buy a Hot Wheel set
like this one it's so cool oh my god I
didn't even think about all the wheels
on toy cars they got like four wheels
and no doors oh my God how many Hot
Wheels costs do you think there are in
the world I don't know I'm going to
Google it how many Hot Wheels cars in oh
my God there's like 4 billion Hot Wheels
cars and it says if you lay them all end
to end it'll Circle the entire Globe
four times so there's 4 billion cars
that's like that's like 16 billion
Wheels no wonder the wheels are winning
that's so crazy oh I didn't even think
about Lego Wheels oh the wheels are just
piling up hey Danny why' you replace my
door because it wouldn't stop squeaking
Jeffy Oh you mean this
noise what Jeffy it was you making the
noise maybe what Jeffy so we have to
replace the door maybe but Jeffy why
would you do that cuz I wanted fried
opra oh that sounds so good hey you want
to go to Cracker Barrel I heard God's
going to be there oh my God leave both
you guys
[Music]
leave nice damn who is that is that me
oh [ __ ]