all right CR tomorrow we're going to be
having a major test before spring break
test so as you all know next week is
spring break and so before spring break
we're going to have a major test what
makes this test so major and before
spring break is that if you fail major
test before spring break test then you
have to come to school all week during
spring break because you done because
you failed the major test before spring
break test you understand if we fail the
test we have to come to school during
spring break I might fail on purpose
more school can I get a Zippity Duda
dude I can't fail we have to study all
right Joseph come over to my house
tonight we're going to study together
okay dude I don't want to fil the test
either I'm missing a chromy can you help
a homie sure Jeffy you can come over and
study with us Cody can you please come
help us study you're smart I don't know
Junior my price for helping is pretty
high what is it I don't know how about
six ham and cheese Hot Pockets what that
many yep I'm a hungry boy me and Ken are
going to scarf those down uh okay you
got a deal Cody damn I'm in you hear
that belly got some ham and cheese ories
coming in hot so I suggest you all go
home and study so you can pass the major
test before spring break test okay guys
let's go to my house and study okay M
Junior this pocket looks like it
couldn't afford its rent and got cream
pied by its landlord's ham and cheese I
mean it's more of a room temperature
pocket than a Hot Pocket but that's okay
I can't complain you guys ready to learn
I guess okay okay so tomorrow's test is
going to be a math test so I'm going to
be teaching you pmas what's that well it
stands for parentheses exponents
multiplication division addition and
subtraction dude that's a lie how are we
supposed to remember that Cody well it's
actually pretty easy to remember because
most people remember it like please
excuse my dear Aunt Sally what' she do
what what did Aunt Sally do the excuse
her did she toot no no she did not toot
because she's not real if she's not real
why you bringing her up yeah well it's
just to help you remember the A and the
S well how old is she well I don't know
she's probably like middleaged cuz she's
an aunt so maybe in her 50 it doesn't
matter well you don't know your own
aunt's age she's not my aunt yes she is
you said please excuse my dear Aunt
Sally she's your dear Aunt for some
reason that's just to help you remember
the letters like I don't even use the
ant Sally one I I actually use please
excuse my dick and scrotum because
they're always getting in the way cuz I
wear boxers but as long as it's these
letters in this order that's all that
matters so I can make up whatever I want
yeah sure so I can do please excuse my
dear alien sister oo I like that yeah
sure that works o what about African
sister yeah that works too what about
Asian sister yeah the letters are the
same Australian sister yeah sure oh what
if the Australian sister's marget Robbie
oo dude I would totally drag my balls
across glass just to smell Margo
Robbie's fart oh me too all righty rud
okay guys let's just focus on the
letters okay so this is how it works you
do parenthesis first so you do 89 plus 6
who would win in a fight alien sister or
Africa sister definitely African sister
dude but no maybe in 100 meter dash in
the Olympics but not in a fight alien
sister has a UFO in Bazookas they don't
have Bazookas dude what's wrong with
guys they they're not going to fight cuz
none of that's real okay they just help
you remember the math okay well can Aunt
Sally just come do this math for us yeah
okay guys I don't think you're going to
pass this test tomorrow why cuz Aunt
Sally's not coming to town no cuz you
guys are stupid but it's okay I think I
have a solution okay guys I made
this what is that this is the opposite
Ray what's it do well anything you shoot
with this becomes the opposite of how it
is now well why haven't you told us
about it well I was going to use it on
you Junior to turn you gay but I decided
that would be wrong and I want to turn
you gay all on my own so if we shoot Ken
he'll not be a doll anymore he's not
well if we shoot us will be smart well
it should h test it out on Jeffy mhm
okay guys I I haven't worked out all the
Kinks yet but stand
back s tations my Homo sapiens emphasis
on the homo you're smart Jeffy precisely
say something smart the earth's core is
exactly 1,82 Mi beneath us that sounds
pretty smart to me dude shoot me next do
you think it'll make me Rich well we
already did that once and everyone hated
it but I can
try my oh God it made him old but why
did it make him old Cody well I guess
cuz he was young before and it's an
opposite race so it just made him old
well why didn't it make Jeffy old well I
guess it just chooses one random thing
about you to make opposite change me
back I don't know if I can change you
back and I'm afraid to try cuz you might
die cuz you're alive now and the
opposite of that would be dead I don't
understand these Contraptions I'm going
to eat some mashed potatoes I don't know
why I couldn't give them parents your
turn Junior no I don't want to get shot
by that oh come on Junior don't be a
puss what if it makes me old
statistically that's a 0% chance of
happening because Logan wouldn't use the
same joke in the same video that's true
okay fine shoot me with it it made me a
girl a dang it Junior I was hoping you'd
be a pickle smoocher I don't want to be
a girl Cody Junior now that you're a
female what are your pronouns I would
like to address you properly mine are he
him I don't have pronouns that's dumb
Cody take me back no Junior what if it
makes you pregnant why would it make me
pregnant cuz you're not pregnant now and
this thing does the opposite I don't
know it's doing random [ __ ] let me shoot
you with it I don't have a problem oh
yeah what's
this okay I have a problem it's okay
Cody it's just a to take the edge off
you know yeah I understand just give me
the gun okay maybe you can make me not a
root beer Holly say cheese
cheese Junior what happened I don't know
you look the same oh wait do you still
want a root beer oh yeah I want one
right now oh wait a minute I got to
check something oh no my Wier still
looks the same yeah looks like a little
boiled shrimp not a jumbo shrimp either
little cocktail shrimp little tiny one I
don't know oh my God Junior you're hot
I'm hot yeah oh no Junior I think it
turned me straight you're straight yeah
cuz I mean Ken's a good- looking guy and
all but I'm not really attracted do him
like that anymore we'll grab a Barbie
from the room okay oh Junior check out
this absolute smoke show and check this
out ain't no panties on that ass ain't
no panties I'm talking straight lamb
chops you think she's hot oh Junior the
things I would do to her and will do to
her damn oh Cody can you please change
me back I'm not okay with making 18%
less than men well you could always
start in only fans I'd subscribe let me
see them cheeks and them toes no come on
Cody change me back I'm being serious
well Jeffy still has to take that test
tomorrow yeah you guys can pass me your
test and I can take them for you yeah so
let's let's just wait for him to do that
and then I'll work on changing everyone
back tomorrow okay fine I just really
want to actually be able to play in the
NBA one day yeah so uh could I spend the
night here with you and sleep in your
bed no Cody go home okay well I'm going
to take Franchesca here home and let her
give me a
blumpkin okay I'm going to go ask Chef
peip to maybe something to eat that was
a really good movie Marvin yeah kind of
do you think that bear was really on
cocaine no do you think it was a real
bear it was special effects baby it was
just a movie what Jeffy were you Hing
Hot Pockets again actually father I was
not having intercourse with the Hot
Pockets this time then what are they
doing here they're my friend C's well
clean up all this mess what is this oh
that's an opposite Ray whatever you
shoot with it becomes the opposite of
what it was before I should shoot you
with it you goober stop doing bad stuff
all right well I will now defecate in
the porcelain Bowl that's located in the
bath facility oo Marvin I should use
this on you I wonder what it would do
well I I don't know maybe you would grow
hair and be hot it would give me hair
maybe oh shoot me with it okay Marvin
you have hair I do Marvin you're so sexy
meet me in the bedroom in 5 minutes I'm
going to go freshen up okay o you going
to get some stank well Dougie what are
you doing here I need to borrow $50 for
what cuz I want some chips from the gas
station chips at the gas station don't
cost that much douge but I also need a
drink and some Skittles dou why don't
you get a job and work for your money
you know I can't work F you know
what uh douge are you okay hello it is
your pal Douglas do you still need the
$50 no actually I'm going to go get a
job I'm coming
Rose what a
masterpiece hey Chef peee wait Junior
why are you dressed like a girl I'm not
dressed like a girl I am a girl oh okay
you're one of those I should have seen
this coming well I kind of did you
always sound like a girl when you're
being annoying but the real question is
are you going to get it chopped off or
what that's a true commitment and are
you going to put it in a jar above your
bed and kiss it every night H I'm hungry
Chef peipi well look look I don't know
what you guys eat but I have a shrimp
clam surprise right here oh my God that
smells disgusting Chef Pei no it's
really really good I promise you I only
gag like twice and that's a record okay
you want some I'll be right
back oh changed your mind you want some
huh wait what's that all right Junior
enjoy your Stak stripping lot of SE Turf
oh my gosh shpi this looks delicious you
got good at cooking out of nowhere I
know it's crazy I don't know how do it
yeah let's
eat all right CR today you have the
major test before spring break test
today test so I'm going to come around
and pass out the major test before
spring break test and if you fail you
have to come to spring break School hey
Cody can I borrow a pencil yeah sure but
what do I get out of it just give it to
me Cody what was that for bend over and
grab it a man your dress is too long
could you pull it up for me e Cody
Junior why are you dressed up like a
girl I'm not a girl I'm tired of
everyone's saying that just shut up and
scissor me what pass me your scissors I
want to cut my hair off oh okay I don't
want people to think I'm a girl anymore
jior don't do that it's hot shut up Cody
without a doubt I will Ace this
examination hey nerd you're looking
extra nerdy today you dork I will show
you just how educated I am hey Jinger I
need to borrow this my glos is fall
off what oh no I'm a
d all right py here's your major test
before spring break test and Junior
here's your major why you dress like a
girl never mind don't answer that I'm
not allowed to ask here's your major
test before spring break test and Cody
here's your major test before spring
break test where's Joseph oh I think
he's in a retirement home okay then hey
Penelope that ass is looking real fine
what yeah real fine Cody I thought you
were into dudes yeah but now I'm
straight and you know what the opposite
of having clothes on is not having
clothes
on what the [ __ ] well I mean I guess
doesn't have clothes on Cody why is she
a dragon well I guess the opposite of
being a human would be a dragon I I
guess that makes sense but now I'm going
to be dragging my nuts across your
face but now repeat no being a dragon
and craft go to the principal's office
all right Jeffy here's your major test
before spring break test all right grass
everyone take your test and no cheating
if I catch you cheating I'm going go
Kung panda on your
ass please excuse my what Cody what was
it please excuse my dick and scrotum oh
okay hey Jeffy what's the answer number
two the answer to number two is 10 all
right thank you Jeff you doing your
Jeffy no cheating you think just because
I have strength eye I can't see that you
cheating you both fail oh no Cody shoot
him with the ray yeah maybe the opposite
of a teacher that doesn't let us cheat
is a teacher that lets us cheat oh my
God I can see no more Str eyes crass my
eyes are wide open now all of you look
ugly as [ __ ] but I can see all if you
get A+ on your test I'm going to go see
the world with my new eyes well that's
one way to pass the test yay we passed
well Junior we don't have to go to
school during spring break we should
bang to celebrate no Cody we should
celebrate by fixing the stupid machine
and reversing everyone back to normal
well that's the thing Junior I don't
know how well didn't you build it well
yeah but that was back when I was gay
when I was gay I had all the time in the
world but now that I'm straight all I
can think about is muff and boobs and
big floppy knockers well Cody how about
we call a mechanic maybe a mechanic can
figure it out yeah it's worth a shot I
mean I'm not getting anything done today
you see her I'm going to give her a
nugie and I'm not going to tell you
where I'm going to call a mechanic hey
there somebody call a mechanic wow your
haircut is really ugly don't look at my
hair so what do you need well my friend
made this opposite Ray and whatever you
shoot with it makes it the opposite so I
was a boy so it made me a girl he was
gay it made him straight and we want you
to be able to reverse it wa wait a
minute so maybe if you shot me with that
I wouldn't have to do so many jobs and
maybe my wife would be hot maybe I'd
actually be happy shoot me with that
thing okay Cody shoot him with it all
right d you what oh my God I don't have
any arms but I got my legs back you know
what that means ball buster Brooklyn is
back hey
you here I come oh my balls jior I'm
going to go kick everyone in the balls
oh great Cody he ran away now no one's
ever going to fix this machine yeah I
guess we're just going to have to stay
like this for the rest of our lives
Junior no Cody change everything back
well I don't see an undo button to you
uh yeah wait really yeah right there oh
yeah wow okay well I guess we should
just push that then
okay did it work uh hold on let me check
ew oh hey there pony boy I'm going to
glaze those Bagel yeah I'm pretty sure
it worked yeah I'm not a girl anymore
guys guys what happened to my legs my
beautiful ball kicking legs why God why
[Music]