all right Jeffy it's time for you to do
your chores Jeffy go do your chores have
to take out the trash and do the dishes
tell me what are you doing you've
reached the voicemail Jeffy please leave
a message after do happy to do your
chores to go do your chores right now
for English press 1 for Spanish price -
Jeffy I'm not playing this game
you're Jo spin no I took mundane guns
yeah yeah ok who's at the door
uh hello hey batboy your need the money
security some money yeah good got about
new good all right well good luck with
that man Hank that boy needs the money
well then go work for your money what
for any dollars out of your grad you'll
eat my grass yeah and for $21 gr way
you'll take the GR away yeah and grad
okay well look I don't need you to eat
my grass that thing back there each my
grass that day yet your grass yes Alec
yeah yeah well look how about you just
go get a different job and go make some
money no way I'm at the work go be a
rapper
right and a note pub yeah yeah go go
wrap presents at the North Pole
yeah with Santa Claus okay Jeffy did you
do your chores nope
good do one I don't have to you you do
have to and yeah yeah uh-huh uh-huh yeah
I know I just don't do it Danny I can't
get your conclusion after thinking for a
while yeah you can't tell me what to do
yes I can't tell you what to do
why because I'm your dad why because I
adopted you why I ask myself that
question every day why do I adopt you
that's that boy think I'm a theatre now
how'd you get my house saying you have
been hiring guys the money no you can't
have any money but I pay you back how
you gonna pay me back if you don't have
money are you guys for trying it out I
don't need you to eat my grass you can
take the no take it away the letters
just leave please my wait a mad person
go be a rapper back on the candid no
like don't take a song get another thumb
sing it okay that was good now go to
Hollywood and sing it okay yeah that's
like you make your money
no one's fire daddy all right Jesse go
do your chores I don't want to do it
Oh wha JEP you help do the dishes and
take out the trash okay well won't you
go ahead and jigna trash can put your
trash jumping base do the dishes Jeffy
okay just make them go away just I don't
want to see them this think when I get
back can do daddy well this old play
went to the market plate plate just hit
hard and there's no plate screw it I'm
going with my chores Jeffy there's no
way you're done with your chores already
yes there is because I'm just that MFN
good what's that my pigfoot scooter my
name is good no mo it's anything that's
C hooter yeah and you put that you're
better what you became a rapper now
you're dead and I made the money you
made some money hey you made $100 and
that ain't here for happen that's a
meetin grass eating grass
yeah see I met today I definitely took
away the gr what did you make a song I
sure did
I thought you do I'm gonna grab my phone
so we can watch it
alright I got whatever mind say I got my
phone let's watch scooters music video
[Music]
hey you wanna you wanna you wanna you
wanna all right you wanna you wanna you
wanna you wanna you wanna hey my name is
[Music]
the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen
better women I get they take that boot
married in my face hey yeah Danny that's
Shawn we're straight fire well he'll
never make any money from it but I make
$2,000 already you already made $10,000
yeah I put it in my 401k I get an 8%
return a year annually 365 days I'll be
a millionaire by the time I take you
five no I'll throw up time for good hold
on let me answer the door
uh hello hey more you'll guess we're
dating oh no what it's your time of the
month I hit my time of the month yeah
women say that all the time but it's
give me your house payment day well I
don't have my health payment this month
wait is that a light bulb yeah because I
thought it would be a bright idea for
you to pay your house thing well I don't
have it this month hmm I was afraid you
were gonna say that
so I did this is that supposed to be me
yeah I drew you on a light bulb if you
don't pay your house payment this is
gonna be you so pay your house payment
by the end of the night or that's gonna
be you more you have a good night okay
oh man I got a pig Goodman by tonight
where am I gonna get the money
that's the owner hey fat boy you want to
fight no scooter I was wondering if this
is gonna sound so weird I was wondering
if I can borrow some money well that way
the cat dragon
I know I know you asked me for money and
I said no and now I'm asking you for
money well well well look at the shoes
on my feet no you mean the shoes on the
other foot no no I got shoes that might
be at the shoe fit I wear okay look I
just want to borrow some money to pay my
house me but I promise I'll pay you back
well the doctor look I know I know you
asked me for money and not asking you
for money but I promise I'll pay you
back
well well well doesn't this that
familiar yeah I know because you said
you pay me back and I'm saying I'll pay
you back look I just really need to
borrow some money
well days are boots I know cuz I'm
saying exactly what you said I didn't
let you borrow money and now you're
saying that to me
well well well you sound like a broken
record I know good I'm begging for money
and look all I want to do is borrow some
money please well where well you're
barking up the wrong tree
look I borrow some money or not well
well well you gotta take to your method
I did I got a taste of my own medicine
so clay please borrow some money I
promise I'll be back
well well well you don't know which way
the winds blowing
what well well well the guy thanked me
know and that is that no oh you don't
you can just leave look I'm not gonna
borrow money just leave Wow oh man give
the money now one day I'm gonna give you
your money you have the money Jeffy sure
I do dad got all their merchants me
what if you'd really give me the money
for my house payment sure daddy but I
want you to wrap it ask me for money but
wrap it ask you for it Jeffy I can't rap
sure you can daddy drop that be
yo yo yo it's me Mario thought to ask
Jeff you a question
hey Jeff morning can I borrow some money
no can I borrow some money no no no how
was that I'll give you 50 bucks for a
song daddy 50 bucks I mean I mean I need
more than this but it's a good start
tell me how I get more of the money um
well if you do whatever I say for the
rest you do well wait huh how much
longer this be I need to be like two
more minutes
so if you do whatever I say for the next
two minutes now give you a rest of the
money daddy okay what do you want um
give me a horn a horn yeah okay
all right all right Jesse I got your
horn that type of horn actually way now
let me see it what kind of do you
want Debbie are you or your corn horn
unicorn horn find your according to take
each horn all right Jeff be a unicorn
horn are you happy now Jeffy talking
about you have you with your horn are
you happy with your horn or not Jeffy
can I get the money now
actually today I want a snake now what I
get a squishy snake out Jeffy no I'll go
try to find you one all right Jeff B I
got your squishy snake are dang there's
one more thing I need you you hear what
follow me all right
the only thing I need you to do
now it's clear the mess on May 4 when I
wash the dishes what mess did you do
that day I can tell that get this weird
daddy another crib your mess oh then you
don't want the money then I do need the
money but you get to do I wanna get this
with me if you want the money I finally
cleaned up your mess JP alright daddy
and here's your rest of money that's the
money to pay my home favorite now yo
just don't ever make me do chores ever
again oh don't worry I'm not gonna ask
you to do chores you got to do them
right you just make a big mess yeah
so what do we do now
[Music]