[Music]
so guys what do you want to do today I
made a portal gun anything you want to
do Joseph nah what about you dude I made
a portal gun we can watch TV oo that
sounds fun I made a portal gun what are
you talking about Cody this it's a
portal gun what's that it's a portal gun
what's it do it opens portals it can
take you to any time in any place any
Universe wait so if I want to go back in
time and see a dinosaur I can yep nuh-uh
yeahhuh then prove it okay move out of
the
way wa dude what's that it's a portal J
were you not listening no go inside it
dude I'm not going in that what if I die
well go after your hat no not my hat go
get it it's not
fair wait Cody where are we I think
we're in prehistoric times Junior what's
more important is where's my hat dude
yeah Cody where's his hat I don't know
it could be literally anywhere well
we're not leaving until we find it all
right Cody you look that way I'll look
this way okay where could it be uh
junior what there's that dinosaur you
wanted to see oh cool a
junior is going to see oh
no shoot a portal okay okay
okay that has my hat
bring Junior that was too close the
dinosaur almost killed us hey give me my
hat back what the C man came with us
Cody oh I guess I'll just have to send
him back oh no what well the portal
gun's out of juice what change the the
batteries no I mean like literally juice
like it runs on apple juice apple juice
yeah what why do it run on Apple Juice
why not batteries well because apples
are like the only fuel that can power a
portal gun what listen man you can make
a battery of potatoes to screw
off oh my God the dinosaur what's he
doing here he must have come through the
portal before it closed but why was he
behind the couch for so long it's almost
like he was waiting there until I said
that the portal gun was out of do so we
wouldn't be able to send it back and
we're just three kids and he's a
dinosaur so what are we even going to do
run
what do we do what do we do in the
glet over here over
here okay okay okay he's trapped in
there oh thank God hey what and it just
went off I had a little bit of juice
left and you wasted it come on dude
sorry guys so Cody what do we do now we
have a dinosaur locked in the closet and
a caveman right here well we just need
more apple juice so we can send them
back we don't have to send the caveman
back but yes we do junior he's dangerous
and we can't take something from the
past it might affect the fure
like what if this cavan's children's
Children's children's children is like
Albert Einstein or something okay maybe
not this caveman's children's children's
children children and he's eating my
hair so it's another reason he can't
stayer daddy oh so all we have to do is
go ask chip for more apple juice and
then we can send him back yeah let's go
all right let's go come on whatever your
name is oh we have to name him we don't
have to name him he's just going to
leave eventually I like the name dooo
man what dooo man yeah you like dooo man
oh yeah I like it it fits come on dooo
man
M can't wait to eat some FL Bay
chips oh yeah cheffy do we have any
apple juice check the refrigerator to
your
god what was wrong with him Junior he's
a cavem man he's never seen fire before
wait wait Joseph are you okay I'm okay
dude let's go check out dood man you
know what I'm not even going to ask Doo
man are you okay okay well maybe if we
show him fire isn't bad he'll Cal down
all right do man no no it's okay it's
okay dud man look look fire nice yeah
it's warm warm yes good touch it don't
touch it man I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry help me help get him off of me
okay look we need to teach Dudu man how
to talk because he can't understand us
and we could have told him that fire
would have burned him yeah it's a good
idea so I'm going to get some Q cards so
we can teach dudo man how to talk you
okay dudo
man okay dudo man I got these word cards
to teach how to talk so this is a bear
no no no it's okay dudy man it's not
really a bear it's just a picture of a
bear wait have you even seen a bear come
over here dooo man say bear oh that was
perfect nice that wasn't really a word
say dog oh that was good it was the same
noise as Bear say
yoyo perfect genius these aren't words
say apple that was Apple that was
perfect say juice oh that was perfect
wait wait apple juice that's right guys
we need apple juice so we can send him
back home no no we need to teach them
how to talk we shouldn't be focused on
teaching him how to talk we should focus
on sending him back where he came from
how do we know where to send him back
like we need to get him to talk so he
can tell us what year he's from huh yeah
I guess you're right okay look these
cards aren't working go get your laptop
so we can like get a translator app or
something oh that's a good idea okay
guys I got my laptop let's look up a
translator oh no I think out a video
Junior what the hell were you watching
nothing dude this is my favorite video
it won't act it out go to 922 no oh the
toes though uh oh I think he wants you
to put it back on no dooo man we're not
going to watch that anymore no I'm not
even supposed to be watching okay guys
how about we just get the apple juice
he's seen too much he hasn't seen enough
922 922 go to it no let's go get the
apple juice d man you stay right
here no keep it
Clos all right Cody grab the apple juice
okay Junior why is there a cat in your
fridge there's not a cat in my fridge
yes there is there's a cat in your
fridge I I I didn't know there was a cat
just grab the apple juice okay bye Kitty
you're not you're not be watching that
guys we got the apple juice let's just
send him home what he keeps spitting on
me well look we can't send him home
until we know what year he's from well
it's not like he knows what year he's
from it's not like they had calendars
back then you don't know that he
probably did have a calendar he like
chiseled into a rock or something well
then how are we going to talk to him uh
I'll call a translator how about that
okay hey there you call the cops Junior
why did you call the cops because they
translate things all the time like when
they arrest bad guys they got to know
what they're saying yeah I can speak all
kinds of different languages hold on let
me talk to the little fella hey there
homie what what's crackalacking not this
again dude come on oh hey hey hey I'm
not trying to harsh your Buzz brother
what's all good in the hood no no no no
not not him we want you to talk to the
caveman why is he shouting at me what is
this your grandpa or something no it's a
caveman what is he like dressed like a
caveman no it's a real caveman from
prehistoric times well he's eating my
hat so tell him to knock it off before I
tase him dudo man
stop his name is dooo Man play play with
that
okay should I be worried about that no
he likes fire so listen can you
translate what he's saying translate
listen if that really is a caveman I I
don't speak caveman I I think my ex-wife
does because I think she was with the
caveman from the noises I heard coming
out of our bedroom he was like o oh ooga
oh do we watch the same video 922 right
what what's he talking about so can you
help us or not no listen kids I have
real crimes to solve like I'm pretty
sure somebody out there is trying to use
a counterfeit Applebee's gift card come
on popcorn already
God okay I smell it burning but it's not
cooking it's me I'm the one who
cing Jesus Christ oh my God okay I saw
him set you on fire I'm arresting that
guy freeze you're under arrest for arson
and attempted murder hey put the lighter
down no no no no no no I don't care how
much you try to suck me off to get out
of going to jail I've already let that
happen too many times come on you're
going to jail for a long time where you
going with dudo man dudo man is more
like felony man because you set your
Chef on Fire free My [ __ ] doooo man he
ain't do nothing wrong well he did do
something wrong n you just don't like
him cuz he's brown huh h no no no he's
he's a white caveman and he's an
arsonist look get out of my way kids all
right get in there you have the right to
remain silent if you do not you're a c
man you don't know what I'm saying you
don't have rights is there any way you
can release dudo man no he's a dangerous
animal I can't let him cuz he might end
up hurting somebody else he just started
your car well that's impossible my car
can't start because I'm not that kman
just stole my car I thought you said he
was a kman how does he know how to drive
he is a k
man I stole the car they're never going
to catch
me wait a minute if he's me that means
I'm dude what the hell's going on I
don't know but Doo man get inside e 922
where's all the dudes hey hey guys what
took so long what happened I can't
explain what just happened me either
dude okay well I put the apple juice in
the portal gun so we're ready to send
them home we still don't know what year
to send them back to I don't think I
really care I just want him the hell out
of here okay then make a portal okay it
has to warm up first my clothes are all
wet and my hat's rolling oh I hope I
have another one in the
closet come on warm up you stupid
gun how' the dinosaur get out of the
closet I mean I guess that kind of make
sense cuz he's a dinosaur and dinosaurs
are strong and that's just a little
closet and two doors probably wouldn't
be able to hold them and maybe Chef peee
went into the closet and try to get a
new hat cuz his other hat got burned but
I wasn't there for that so I don't know
oh hey the gun's ready we make a portal
hurry do man you got to
go don't take my laptop don't take my
laptop he took my laptop with him Junior
we have bigger problems to deal with we
have this dinosaur right
here oh oh Junior look I I think he
likes how shiny the portal gun is look
it's distracting him oh then throw the
portal gun in the portal he'll face
you'll chase after it well but then we
won't be able to do portals anymore
throw inside the portal Cody
okay thank God that's over with but Cody
how do we know that we sent them back to
the right time I don't know but we're
still alive and we're still here so it
must not have affected much the
news we discovered this MacBook Pro
while digging for dinosaur fossils which
is very interesting because the Apple
corporation did not exist in 65 Million
BC now we think this is proof that
dinosaurs brought Apple products to
Earth so that dinosaurs could use the
internet and apparently dinosaurs like
very dirty websites because the the
search history of this laptop it is it
is just filthy hey that's my laptop
[Music]
wa