so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude let's do something fun
yeah let's do something fun hey guys
have we consider doing something fun
something fun something fun well me and
Ken are down for anything how about we
go to the aquarium dude oh yeah the
aquarium would be so fun eh Ken doesn't
really like fish what yeah he thinks
aquariums are boring he says you can see
most of the same stuff at a pet store
dude they have stingrays and sharks and
he doesn't like the cafeteria at the
aquarium he says the food's really gross
in his opinion he can't even eat the
food he's a dog and we don't have to eat
at the cafeteria at the aquarium we can
eat here and he doesn't like the gift
shop cuz he says everything's really
overpriced especially the stuffed
octopus cuz last time he was there he
really wanted to buy one but it was too
expensive and his parents getting a
really big argument over whether or not
they were going to buy it for him and
then the car ride home was really
awkward and I was promised a toy so it
just kind of made my whole day shitty so
I don't want to go I I mean Ken doesn't
want to go it just sounds like you don't
want to go to the aquarium Cody oh no I
love aquariums just Ken he well I I was
trying to be nice but he he thinks
aquariums are kind of gay like they're
lame he doesn't like it oh I get it Cody
you don't want to go to the aquarium cuz
that's where your mom lives cuz she's a
big fat cow ha oh [ __ ] wait Junior
don't you mean a whale thanks for
correcting me Cody she is a whale she's
a bigger animal a big fat whale you
called your mom a
whale okay Cody we don't have to go to
the aquarium cuz Ken doesn't want to go
thank how about we go see the new
Deadpool movie oh dude I really want to
see it I love Yeah I want to see it too
well Ken's already seen it what yeah Ken
already saw it and he doesn't want to
see the same movie twice why do we care
what Ken saw yeah we want to see it we
haven't seen it well I think we should
do something that's it's fun for
everybody um we could go swimming in my
pool me and Ken already went swimming
earlier he doesn't want to Jesus hey hey
hey can I see Ken real quick yeah sure I
don't know why you want to see him he
not going to like this [ __ ] what am I
not going to like about it this you're
right I didn't like that at all get back
here Joseph get me back
please Joseph
no yeah they're dog's eating Ken why
would you throw him Joseph cuz he's a
dog dude
no hey you mut give me back my boyfriend
give me that why is there even a rabbit
dog in this neighborhood oh man that's
my dog what Michael Vic hey who else is
going to be now come here you stupid mut
you save all that fighting for the other
dogs what okay Junior look Joseph threw
Ken outside and he got eaten by one of
Michael Vick's rabbit dogs and now he's
dead Joseph why would you do that dude
Kim was ruining all the fun so in order
for us to have fun I had to take action
into my own hands and got rid of Ken
well you do know it wasn't Ken that was
stopping us from having fun it was just
Cody he didn't want to do those things n
dude Cody wanted to have fun it was all
Ken Cody stop crying is there a way we
can get a new Ken doll well first of all
he's not a doll and also get a new Ken
that's like if your dad died they said
why don't you just get a new dad I mean
if my dad was a doll dude he's not a
doll Joseph he's an Irreplaceable
man oh Cody look the news I'm too sad to
watch the news
okay I'll watch the news but I'm going
to mope the whole
time breaking news there's a big
increase of mosquito bitings around the
country field reporter Steve stalberger
is on the case Steve hello I'm Steve
stalberger with the evening news and I'm
just waiting for someone to talk to
excuse me citizen what do you think of
all these mosquitoes I hate them they
bite me why do they do that what are
they for true true that home slice hey
Cody isn't that human K yeah so what I
mean yeah I hit that I bent that [ __ ]
over and clapped his [ __ ] cheeks it
was totally mid no recoil I wouldn't do
that again if you paid me well maybe I
would why don't you invite him over and
he can be your new K yeah he can
actually do stuff like go to the
aquarium oh he hates the [ __ ]
aquarium and I mean totally different
from how I hate the aquarium cuz the
cafeteria sucks now he's all for the
animals and [ __ ] he doesn't think they
should be locked up like that well if
you invite him over maybe you could turn
him into a toy like do you have a toy
Ray I do have a toy Ray hold on let me
go get it behold my toy Ray what well he
his name is Ray and he's a toy so he's
another doll well yeah Ray is a doll but
Ken's not okay so we thought you were
talking about a toy gun oh a toy gun
yeah yeah I got one of those see toy gun
PE PE PE no we thought you like we
thought you were talking about a gun
that turns things into toys oh a toy
laser ray gun sure yeah yeah I got one
of those like behold the make things
into toys laser ray gun anything I shoot
with this turns into a toy so if we got
human Ken to come over here and you shot
him with it he would turn into a doll
yes I know it so he is a doll dude no no
no no no hold on I misspoke no no if I
shoot human Ken with this he'll just
still be a human but kind of like a hard
plasticky human figurine kind of guy in
other words he's a doll dude no no no no
no no stop stop saying that no not do
he's not do no okay so how do we get
human kin to come to my house I don't
know I don't have his number um oh I
know Spider-Man Spiderman yeah we can
get Spider-Man over here and we can tell
him that Ken is the Green Goblin and
then he'll come bring Ken here lay him
down on the couch like he did in the
movie after he killed William Defoe and
then and then and then and then we'll
have him here okay so how do you get a
hold of Spider-Man oh that's easy oh no
someone killed Uncle Ben I really wish
somebody would come and tell me what
great power comes
with oh oh hey Spiderman oh we not
done oh
with great power comes great
responsibility yeah that's right
Spider-Man uh look we need your help I
think my friend might be the Green
Goblin the Green Goblin where oh we need
you to go find him he's really handsome
and he's wearing like a blue shirt and
pants okay I I got band him thank thank
you was that really Spider-Man I don't
think so let me go shut up Green Goblin
uh guys I don't think that's the same
Spider-Man sir what happened to did the
other Spider-Man he got arrested oh okay
but I I just have one more question why
is there a hole cut out around your dick
in case I got a pee pe oh okay what is
going on what am I doing here hold still
I just got to shoot you with this real
quick PE no oh my god it worked k I love
you so much wait how' it work all you
said was Pew oh yeah it runs on
imagination so you have to say Pew to
make it work cuz it's a toy and it makes
toys but I'm so glad Ken's back you glad
you got your stupid dog back dude he's
not an no
[Music]
hey kids sorry about earlier I got
arrested you see what I do is I run a
Spider-Man company underground you know
we do birthday parties bounty hunting
illegal activities so I sent my coworker
down here to get you what you needed his
dick was out yes it was yes so we wear
[ __ ] costumes they're onesies
because the zipper gets stuck and we
have to pee but did my friend get you
what you needed uh yes he did oh perfect
so just remember kids you can always
think your friendly local
Spider-Man uh thank you yeah come on oh
he wants money oh he wants get paid do
you have any money guys I I don't have
any money yeah not I I don't have any
money either can you get paid I'm SP oh
how about you shoot him with that gun
and we get a toy Spider-Man oh good
idea wa oh look at that Spiderman why
did you so why did you just snatch that
[ __ ] he's cool he's a bobblehead look
desperate wi he's cool I wanted to show
you guys Crush though oh I bet you'd
like that wouldn't
you he pretty you're looking at the
garage boy I'm just trying to stay
continuity he's not the same Spider-Man
as behind the couch okay listen you know
what Cody that toy gun is really cool I
mean it's kind of cool it doesn't really
shoot anything the camo is kind of neat
it's got dinosaurs no I me your toy Ray
what's cool about him he's just a guy
named Ray I mean he is a power bottom no
I meant your laser Ray laser what your
toy laser Ray makes sense Junior that oh
my makes things into toys laser ray gun
why didn't you just say so you know man
are considered sea Cals [ __ ] what
what well Junior's joke earlier about
your mom being a cow at the aquarium
because because you said don't you mean
a whale but manatees are considered SE
Cals and manatees are at the aquarium so
you didn't have to say whale get it God
damn it [ __ ] Jerry why are you here
Jerry why the [ __ ] are you doing this
Jerry that was 5 minutes ago no one's
even thinking of that joke read the
[ __ ] room dude yeah we moved on oh oh
oh K yeah leave [ __ ] [ __ ] Jerry
Jerry the couch monster always tries to
make jokes funnier than they have to be
and he tries to fix jokes and he's not a
writer he's not a good writer oh his ass
a weirdo yeah we got to kick him out of
the couch definitely there's someone at
the door who's that hello hey there Tom
Brady yep it's me Tom Brady what are you
doing here Tom Brady well me and my son
were just driving up to make out point
and then the dang old car broke down so
I was just wondering if I could come in
and use your phone to call a tow truck
to tow us up to make out Point why don't
you have a cell phone oh well 5G isn't
on the tb12 diet what I don't know can I
come in why can't I just bring you my
cell phone why do you have to come in
listen Michael Vick's out here with his
dog and it's scary okay Brady come on in
okay who's at the door Junior Tom Brady
yeah Tom Brady so where's your cell
phone I got to make a call oh yeah Tom
Brady hold on let me get my cell phone
Cody you know what be really cool if you
shot Tom Brady with your gun and turn
him into a toy but Junior they already
make Tom Brady toys we don't have to
turn him into a toy I know but turning
the real Tom Brady into an action figure
would be so cool Junior turning into a
toy is like dying there's no coming back
from that well he's already retired he's
basically dead H okay yeah I guess
you're right hey Tom think fast pe wa
Tom Brady's a toy now dude that's pretty
sick well Tom Brady's Dead Forever he's
never coming back back I mean he was
going to unretire anyway yeah his wife
left him and cheated on him with his
jiu-jitsu instructor I don't think he
was happy being alive I think he's
happier as a toy yeah he was going
outside with his old ass yeah you know
see Cal and Tom Brady wow Jerry wow you
knocked the toys over way to go Jerry oh
oh what the hell Jerry yeah what the
[ __ ] were you going to say that was so
goddamn important you knocked the toys
out we got to set the SC back [ __ ]
breath uh it's not important yeah it
wasn't important nothing you could say
would ever be important get out of here
God get a damn hobby Fu Jerry man Junior
I'm not going to keep coming over if
he's here I I will get him out I will
get him out of the couch I'll tell him
to leave guys I'm I know I don't even
know why guys okay I'll get Jerry out I
promise but next time you come over
Jerry be gone over Tom and everything
hey guys old oh hey Jeffy we're just
shooting things with this gun see
anything you shoot with this gun it
turns into a toy oh my mommy must have
shot a bunch of wee wees with that toy
and put them in the bedside table bunch
of big black ones a lot of women must
have do that oh okay was there anything
you want to shoot and turn into a toy
well you can turn me into a toy and then
sell it for a limited time Link in the
description oh yeah let's do that yeah
move all the stuff off the couch all
right all right shoot Jeffy with it here
it comes Jeffy
pe oh man Cody you turned Jeffy and the
red couch into a toy yeah the louder you
say Pew the bigger the blast radius of
the toy Ray oh now jeffy's stuck on the
couch forever but he's like a cool
little figurine and he did say we could
sell him for a limited time only yeah he
did so you can click the link in the
description to buy your limited time
only Jeffy you's available for 2 weeks
buy it now
now right
[Music]
now hey guys it's me Jeffy and The Jeffy
YouTu are now available if you go to the
link in the description so get them now
before they sell out