so guys what do you want to do tonight
oh dude turn on the TV so we can watch
LeBron James oh doesn't LeBron James
play with his son oh dude pause yes he
plays basketball with his son you have
to say basketball but LeBron James is
the first player to play with his son
why are you saying it like that you're
just repeating it say it right okay hey
Cody you want to watch LeBron now n I'm
more of an Ean Shumpert kind of guy
what's old shump doing these days he
hasn't been in the league in years dude
just out there shping it up wait why
does Ken have a tiny Cody on his arm oh
well I caught somebody on a naughty
website so now instead of looking at
other guys he can just look at me he's a
doll dude he can't get on a website he's
not J what website was he on Hasbro he's
looking at Mr Potato Head ass Mr Potato
Head ass yeah the head the ass all of it
and it really upset me cuz I don't even
know which hole he was fantasizing about
the ear holes the arm holes the eye
holes oh well you know Jing with your
left hand is crazy yeah he is
Left-Handed okay well let's watch some
LeBron
yes oh dude no oh you turn on God to fle
sh okay let me change it I really want
to watch LeBron play with his son bro
stop saying that you're going to make me
hate basketball wait hold on let's see
if it's a rerun hello I am Dr Fredick
fleitz and today I have invented this
machine to detect alien signals from
outer space and the ter they are really
trying to contact us I will now input
the
coordinates I think I'm getting a signal
you digging at me you digging in a
niggaer yes
k um I I think I have just pointed at my
neighbor's house um maybe this is better
maybe December 3rd
2024 we will k a your M I am sorry I
didn't catch that could you Pi up I said
December 3rd 202 F we will kill all
humans oh my God that is today Everybody
Run for your lives oh my god oh no Alien
Invasion before GTA 6 guys it's just a
TV show oh my God Ken please get some
help Cody being serious that there might
be an alien invasion today guys Dr
fingle shits is just a TV show I think
Ken might actually be addicted dude you
know you had to Google search Mr Potato
head's ass and then put it in his hands
but no I'm not doing this Ken just has a
problem the
news breaking news aliens have sent a
video to Earth threatening to kill all
humans today the secretary of defense is
holding a press conference and we'll go
to that now my fellow Americans today we
received a rather threatening message
from an alien saying he was going to
come down here on Earth and open up a
can of whoop ass well I got a message
for you Mr alien we got a can opener and
a bigger can of whoop ass with even more
whoop ass in it and it's one of those
easy to open cans that has a little pull
tab on it but if you can't open that up
with your weird little alien hands we
got a can opener so you can open it up
and eat all your whoop ass cuz we got an
all you can eat whoop ass Buffet we got
a Golden Coral of whoop ass breakfast
whoop ass lunch whoop ass dinner whoop
ass dessert upside down whoop ass cake
and then maybe when you get done eating
you can meet our actress e Goldberg we
took the whoop out of her name and put
it in a can of ass and we made whoop ass
so if you're hungry for whoop ass come
on down here so we can feed you and if
you're not hungry for whoop ass don't
even come down cuz that's all we have to
eat okay guys I feel comfortable knowing
the military has so much whoop ass heck
yeah dude if the aliens touch down here
they're going to have to deal with
LeBron James oh yeah LeBron James
stopped aliens in space jam too heck
yeah dude he's a part of the space
defense actually there were no aliens in
space jam 2o it was all just an
algorithm and his name was alga Rhythm
huh I aren't there aliens in space jam
yeah I could have sworn it was well I've
seen the first one not the second one me
neither [ __ ] so there's no aliens in
space jam too no no it's all like
computer stuff like like algae Rhythm
kidnaps LeBron james' son and traps him
in the Warner Brothers database wait
LeBron James made a movie with his son
playing with his son wait wait dude stop
saying it like that I'm going to kick
your ass well no it's actually not his
son it's an actor playing his son they
got an actor to play his wife too it's
weird why didn't LeBron James just get
his actual son in the movie I don't know
it seems like they could have done that
oh yeah and Bugs Bunny dies at the end
but yeah like kind of but then he shows
up again later in the real world and I
don't know how the hell that works and
then Batman's there and Rick and Morty
this movie is trippy is Rick and Morty
playing basketball no no they don't play
basketball they just kind of like watch
I guess and then you know it's like
everybody that Warner Brother owns the
rights to shows up for the big
basketball game and he's like playing
against other basketball players but
they're all weird like there's a spider
lady and a snake lady and what is that
eyebrow guy uh Anthony Davis yeah yeah
him he's like a Birdman and his name is
the brow and then there's a guy who can
like stop time and that's a problem
there's no way LeBron can beat all those
people well he does he does do it it's
hard but he does it how does he have
superpowers I mean other than being
LeBron James no that that's a superpower
on has power definitely uh excuse me sir
what is it Lieutenant gu our radar has
detected a UFO entering Earth's
atmosphere oh that sounds like a hungry
alien you must have seen my commercial
for whooop ass poor little fell must
have thought we were going to run out
but we're never going to run out of
whoop ass we're overstocked right so
what is it you actually want to do well
does that little alien [ __ ] have Uber
Eats or door Dash I I don't think so cuz
I personally want to deliver him a can
of whoop ass get a festar rating wait
you personally yeah that's right boy go
fuel up a jet make sure you pack lots of
cans of whoop ass sir you do realize we
don't actually have cans of whoop ass I
know that boy I'm talking about nukes
I'm talking about Rockets now hurry up I
don't want that whoop ass to get cold
yes sir and make sure you pack utensils
and salt pepper nobody likes unseasoned
whoop ass get dipping sauce for his
whoop
ass all right we're where you at alien
let me just check the delivery address
on this door Dash order huh says I'm
supposed to deliver to [ __ ] meal give
it to a [ __ ] ass alien oh there you are
alien hey are you the one who ordered a
can of whoop ass extra whoop hold the
ass [ __ ] well I guess the alien was not
hungry for whoop ass maybe he stopped at
McDonald's first well I guess that makes
me the Secretary of Defense and I don't
want that to happen to me so I think the
best course of action would be for me to
go home and order some Taco Bell yep
chalupa okay so ALG Rhythm kidnapped
LeBron James's son but it wasn't really
LeBron James I don't care anymore I just
want to know if Lola Bunny is hot in
this one not as much but also I'm gay so
you're asking the wrong guy okay so was
Space Jam too good no okay well I think
they should have made space bam a
football movie with Looney Tunes with
Tom Brady oh yeah and then the other
team is nothing but girls and then for
if they lose oh they have to show their
feet so Tom can lick them freaky ass
there's someone at the door hold on guys
hello greetings Earthling the aliens
from Toy Story correct which movie oh
[ __ ] they made like four of those
they're making a fifth one uh Toy Story
one correct oh what are you guys doing
here Emperor Z he's trying to kill us
and probe our asses oh no well you guys
can hide in here thank you you saved Our
Lives we are eternally grateful okay
who's at the door Junior wait where's
Joseph oh he went to the bathroom he
kept talking about feet and I think he
had to je oh you spilled some on your
shirt not did I God damn it Junior
what's going on who are they it's the
aliens from Toy Story you saved Our
Lives we are eternally grateful you
saved their lives well they said they
needed a place to hide I said they could
hide here we will do anything to show
our gratitude anything anything anything
anything anything anything uh junior I
think you should tell them to thank me
personally but Cody they each have one
less eye than you Junior what are you
talking about they have three eyes and I
have oh [ __ ] you po freak what are they
doing here well they said they're hiding
from Emperor Z cuz he wants to probee
their asses well I think I need to have
a little talk with this Emperor Zerg
well he's on the television right now
attention puny humans I am Emperor C you
will give me those aliens or I will
probe all your asses you have 120
seconds to the side oh no don't worry
aliens we're not going to turn you into
Emperor Zerg Junior can you help me get
my pants off I want to make it easy for
Emperor Zerg no Cody we got to turn them
in I don't want something in my ass okay
more for me then uh what the hell what
are youall talking about oh hey Joseph
well these are the aliens from Toy Story
one you saved Our Lives we are eternally
Greatful I saved their lives they're
eternally grateful and um Emperor Zerg
wants to probe their asses and until we
turn them in Emperor Zerg is going to
probe our asses guys don't worry about
Emperor Zerg that's just Buzz Lightyear
from the Future No Cody Lightyear suck
Lightyear's not Cannon yes it is junor
it says right at the beginning of the
movie that's the movie Andy watch oh
yeah so Andy watched Lightyear huh yeah
yeah okay so then why weren't these
aliens in the Lightyear movie because in
the light movie there's no [ __ ]
aliens but in Toy Story 1 there's these
aliens so why are they selling merch of
aliens if they're not in the movie cuz
in the TV show Buzz Lightyear these
aliens are in the show doesn't make any
sense and also why in Toy Story 1 why
was there no cat you know the cat you
know the cat that's in the Lightyear
movie I'm sure they would have made
merge of that cat in the Lightyear movie
I'm sure Andy would have wanted the cat
to go with his buzz liyar doll yeah
you're probably right yeah no it's so
stupid it's really dumb and also we we
should probably get Buzz Lighty your's
help Buzz lier get in here I am Mrs
nesbet
oh he is not going to be any help at all
he just found out he's a toy yeah he
loaded yeah like a baked potato like
Herby fully loaded there's someone at
the door hold on guys if it's Zerg I
won't let him in hello hi yeah I just
wanted to let you know I accidentally
ordered Taco Bell to your house cuz I'm
over here a lot and I forgot to change
the address on the app so I just want to
let you know that so you don't think I'm
stealing a package or something okay
what'd you order oh a chalupa extra sour
cream of course sounds good yeah yeah
it's going to be so you work for the
military yeah yeah yeah I do actually oh
well there's two aliens on my couch
upstairs ah well I'm actually off duty
right now I mean there's going to be a
lot of Duty later after I eat this Taco
Bell you know in the toilet cuz makes me
[ __ ] oh well the aliens said that if we
don't turn them into Emperor Zerg we're
going to get our ass probed well
nobody's going to want to probe my ass
from all the all the all the duty I'm
going to have a poopy ass what you want
to say hi to the aliens you know what
yeah yeah I do so there are the aliens
oh they're Toy Story aliens I didn't
know that movie was real yeah so
apparently Emperor Zerg wants us to turn
them in or he's going to probe our asses
why is your shirt off I was promised a
good time FY humans your ters off and
there he is quick Everybody Run come on
Emperor Zerg give me all you got I can
take it shove it in shove it right the
[ __ ]
in um you can have the aliens yeah
please take them come here those T asses
are mine oh no
Ares
No it should have been
me okay um well the Earth is saved huh
so I'm just going to go home and eat my
Taco Bell I will lock the door behind
you sorry I ordered my food to your
house I'll make sure I check the address
next time did you happen to order any
extra chalupas no I just ordered enough
for me you know cuz it's mine I don't
usually order more food for other people
cuz it's not really my problem please
humans
we but kill us why we already solved the
problems Z just left well if you give us
a our alien kids B hold on get your food
out your mouth if you give us our alien
kids B we won't kill you oh those were
your kids well look we don't have them
Zerg already took them what what where
Zerg where there I don't know [ __ ]
space wherever Planet he lives I don't
know I just want to go home and eat my
Taco Bell what's your world a chalupa
with extra sour cream of
course hey hey my
chalupa
next next year what do you mean next
year what is he mean next year is he
coming back next year what but my
chalupa go God damn it now I got to wait
till tomorrow to get another one I don't
want it tomorrow I want it now this just
been a whole day I wish he' killed me
you would have rather died than getting
your chalupa Yes actually I would I want
to be
dead you want to be dead I want to be
dead cuz I don't have a chalupa if I had
a chalupa I'd want to be alive which I
don't because I don't have a
chalupa are they that good they're that
good yes
he
[Music]