all right class today is the first day
of school and if you haven't noticed the
school board increased our spending for
the classroom so there are new
decorations around the craftroom and new
name tags on your desk so I'm going to
call roll and when I do you write your
name on your name tag Jeffy that means
on the name tag not your desk okay teach
I'll try all right CR when I call your
name you say here Cody nut kiss I'm here
and ready to
learn okay here all right Joseph his
friend from school I'm here okay P guy
here okay borry Bill unfortunately here
okay PJ quaw Jimmy Jams crw P Jamies crw
that's my name don't wear it
out he's here damn right PJ you have to
St here not your girls come on teach you
know PJ's in the house okay oh I can't
see I can't see a te my eyes Str as [ __ ]
h Jeffy Jeffy here I can't seem to do it
uh Justin
Reynolds do we have a Justin Reynolds
who the [ __ ] is Justin Reynolds I don't
know dude Justin Reynolds if you're here
stay here junior do you know what Justin
Reynolds no no I've never heard of him
anybody know Justin Reynolds No teach I
don't think there's a Justin Reynold
here dude your name's Justin Reynolds I
thought your name was junior junior yeah
Junior my real name is Justin Reynolds
but my initials are
Jr it's not it's not that bad guys it's
just a name I want to go by Junior no
you can't go by Junior now your name's
Justin Justin Bieber looking ass no
Justin Timber like what is DUI have an
ass yeah Justin your name's Justin gez
Justin I can't believe we've been dating
and you never told me your real name I
want to go by Junior but you're not even
a junior yes I am my dad's name is
Justin Reynolds also no his name is
Braxton that's our middle name your name
is just Braxton ridds
Jr it's not funny guys it's it's a
normal name but I want I want to go by
Junior shut up all right crash settle
down it's not that funny [ __ ] stupid
who named that kid Justin Reynolds what
a stupid name I thought your name was
Junior everyone shut up I'm going home
where you going Justin before you leave
write your name on your
desk oh hey didn't see you there I was
too busy checking out this limited
edition SML decoration in Dragon City
isn't she beautiful wait what's Dragon
City you ask oh it's only the greatest
game ever and also the sponsor of
today's video this game is where you
build your very own dragon Empire by
collecting hatching and evolving over
1,000 unique dragons but it doesn't stop
there you can build a Dream City with
all kinds of magical habitats buildings
and decorations this is also where you
can can add the SML stand to make your
Island stand out and make it feel like
home you can also join alliances and
team up with a massive community of
players and for anyone who wants to
compete you can battle other Dragon
Masters in Epic PVP battles prove your
dragon strength and show them who's boss
or just flex your dragon skills and
conquer all the challenging quests and
events they have to offer Now's the Time
to try them out click the link in the
description or scan the QR code to
download Dragon City now and as a
special gift for trying out the game
using our code you'll instantly get all
the SML decoration
15,000 food 30,000 gold and the Neo
isumi Dragon but hurry this offer is
only available for a limited time so
don't miss
out come on Justin it's not so bad that
your name is Justin yeah Justin the
teacher was laughing so hard he didn't
even see us leave class early guys I
want to go by Junior sorry Justin we go
by our legal names here yeah Justin
Reynolds Justin Reynolds
Jr your name is Cody nutkiss yeah but
you knew that was my name and your name
is Joseph is friend from school the
hardest name in the group well I want to
go by Junior guys so call me Junior no
you're Jus reyolds yeah you're Justin
forever now dude you never getting hoes
again but I have a girlfriend wait my
phone's ringing hello is this Justin no
this is Junior it sounds like Justin yes
this is Justin oh well in my phone I
have you as Junior so I'll have to
change it no don't change it I want to
go by Junior well I'm calling to let you
know I'm I'm breaking up with you why
because I signed up to date a junior not
a Justin but I am technically still
legally a junior well before we date
again I want to get to know Justin you
do know Justin cuz Justin is Junior okay
bye oh what's wrong Justin you look down
in the dumps Justin yeah why the long
face justtin penel just broke up with me
cuz she wants to get to know Justin you
know I want to get to know Justin tell
me about yourself Justin yeah what are
your favorite hobbies Justin guys I'm
still junior junior is Justin Justin is
Junior just cuz my name's different
doesn't mean I'm a different person I
don't know Justin you look a little bit
chubbier now and slightly more racist no
guys that's it I'm going to the
courthouse and changing my name sorry
Justin you can't change your name until
you're 18 Justin yeah it sucks to be
Justin I would hate to be a Justin right
now there has to be a way I can change
my name before I'm 18 well Justin you
could ask your dad Justin if you can
change your name from Justin to
something other than Justin okay well
I'm going to go ask my dad then you can
just take this stupid bib off you
[ __ ] move like go me no I'm keeping
it cuz my name's Junior I'm I'm going to
go talk to my dad okay Justin let us
know how your talk with Justin goes
stupid lame assb goofy
boy Charlie and friends was filmed in
front of a live audience hello hello
hello is
anybody oh hi guys I'm
Charlie and today I'm making noodles see
I got the water on the stove now all I
got to do is add noodles
come
on Charlie you're so hilarious oh man
hey Dad Junior what are you doing in
here you know I'm watching Charlie and
friends I was wondering if you take me
to the courthouse the courthouse what
did you do now oh you got a girl
pregnant didn't you and now she wants
child support man I should have taught
you how to keep your turtle in this
shell look the number one rule of being
a good father don't pay no damn child
support she want to keep the baby let
her pay her damn self but the law
doesn't want that so you know what we
got to do get rid of it is she still
pregnant we can push her down the stairs
easy fall no one takes the blame but if
she had the baby listen listen we put a
bomb in the car Dead Nation boom um no I
didn't get a girl pregnant
Dad thank God you had your dad and word
boy silly ass um I was just wondering if
You' take me to the courthouse to change
my name what change your name what the
hell is wrong with you you got a strong
name what's wrong with you Justin
Braxton reyolds I know but everyone Jun
I I know and everyone's been calling me
Junior for years and they found out my
real name and they keep making fun of me
who making fun of you that's a strong
ass name a strong ult ass name well I
just why don't you go by Justin hell no
that's a computer nerd ass name I'm
Braxton I'm stick to it well I want to
go by Braxton hell no I'm the only
Braxton Jr you're not going to take my
shine I'm Braxton oh okay fine I won't
change my dumb name yeah that's what I
thought big Bron [ __ ] oh Joseph here he
comes so Justin what did Justin say my
dad says he doesn't want me to change my
name well of course not Justin why would
Justin want his son Justin to change his
name from Justin all right that's it
Cody you're making me mad oh I I don't
want to piss off Justin I'm going to
punch you in the face that's big talk
coming from a Justin all right that's it
get out of here Cody kicking somebody
out of your house is such a Justin thing
to do yeah Justin chill your britches
dude all right you both guys can leave
all right come on Joseph Justin wants to
be alone all right see you later Justin
all right I'm calling a lawyer I don't
care if my dad has the consent I'm
calling a lawyer hey there somebody call
a lawyer I did I did okay cool so who
are we suing you get hit by a semi- Tru
like maybe an Amazon semi- Tru or a
Walmart semi- truck cuz those guys pay
hundreds of millions of dollars to shut
you up and I really need a big case
right now no I didn't get hit by a semi
truck oh well then what' you do like pee
in a park no I want to change my name oh
well you don't need a lawyer to do that
you can just go down to the courthouse
and do it but I'm not 18 oh yeah I guess
you'd need your dad's permission and he
already said no okay well then Case
Closed wait till you're 18 well no no
see that's why I called a lawyer because
I want to change my name without my
dad's permission oh I see you want me to
be like a naughty lawyer and break the
rules okay I can do that yeah I actually
did that with my last client oh she was
smoking hot I'm talking huge cans I told
her if you sleep with me I can get you
off and then she was sentenced to 10
years in prison and I said I didn't mean
get you off I meant get you off and I
didn't even do that cuz I don't really
last very long cuz I'm a bad lawyer and
I'm bad at sex honestly I don't even
know how I passed the bar but I gave her
my bar my fun-sized Snicker bar it's
very tiny anyway she's suing me now
because you're not supposed to have sex
with your clients so I'm in big trouble
I actually lost my license to practice
law in the State of Florida so I can't
even really help you I don't really know
why I took your call I want to change my
name oh yeah that's right you know I
actually knew a kid who wanted to change
his name in high school really yeah let
me tell you about so when I was in high
school there was this kid named
butlicker stinky butt meoo but he didn't
want to change his name but he was
friends with a kid who did want to
change his name named William Williamson
III because his dad was William
Williamson thei and his grandpa was
William Williamson the first so William
Williamson thei wanted to change his
name to Williamson Williams I know it's
very confusing but anyway I was over at
William Williamson III's house playing
video games in his basement and his
grandpa William Williamson first was
sitting in his recliner and all of a
sudden we just heard and we looked over
and he was [ __ ] dead he died [ __ ]
died right there on the recliner yeah
apparently when you die your bowels
released so that noise we heard was him
actually [ __ ] his pants when he died
yeah I didn't know he died right away my
dad actually told me on the car ride
home he said William Williamson died
that fart noise you heard was him dying
so now every time I fart I think about
it I'm like o is this going to be the
end but no so did your friend ever
change his name oh William Williamson
theii no after that he got kind of
distracted [ __ ] William Williamson
thei I wonder what he's up to now I
should look him up on Facebook oh he's
married to Wilma Williamson what a goofy
[ __ ] life so you can't help me change
my name no but I can help you scheme
scheme yeah see your dad just has to
sign a permission slip saying he'll
allow you to change your name so all we
have to do is get him to sign it but he
thinks he's signing something else oh
[ __ ] but then we got to get it notorized
ah damn it if only we knew a
notary me actually I don't have have my
notary license anymore because I faked a
contract with that girl who's suing me
saying she wouldn't sue me and then I
notorized it myself and I got caught so
they made it so I'm not allowed to
notarize things anymore but my brother
is also a notary so I could just call
him up and see if see if he's willing to
notarize something he didn't witness
okay all right I'll go do that hey bln
guy so what do you need me to notize so
this kid wants to change his name but
he's not 18 and his dad won't let him so
what we're probably going to do is just
forge his dad's signature and then have
you notarize that bad boy Bing guy you
know I can't notarize anything I haven't
seen sign with my own For Eyes [ __ ]
come on live a little I took an oath not
to forge any notaries well we're not
trying to get you to notarize him
draining his bank account or
transferring a bunch of land he just
wants to change his name I am an officer
of the law okay no you're not I am an
officer of the law nuh-uh you're not
even a lawyer anymore okay you should
have seen her tits really yeah check out
her Instagram bro you tapped Dad yeah I
sure did tapped it like I was paying for
something with apple paying okay if you
get hooked to sleep with me then I'll
notarize whatever you want yeah well
she's kind of suing me and also she's in
jail oh you didn't get her to sign an
IND what am I Mr Beast I don't know how
to write an NDA well listen I'm not
notorized anything unless I see his
parents sign it well his dad can't sign
it cuz he's very sick and he doesn't
have any hands and also he's dead well
then I'm not doing it goodbye what okay
well this is why you're never going to
have sex with anybody hot cuz you're
such a square I hope been someone hot
you just don't know her because she went
to a different school and and now she's
a famous anime girl from Naruto don't
listen to him he's never banged anyone
hot I'm sorry I couldn't help you kid
I'm just a big dumb stupid idiot loser
why do you want to change your name
anyway oh well my whole life people have
called me Junior but my real name is
Justin Reynolds and they think it's
funny then they won't stop making fun of
me not funny it's not it's not funny at
all well wait so you just want to change
your name cuz your friends are making
fun of you yeah they keep making fun of
me I just want my name back to Junior
well why don't you just print out a
piece of paper that says your name was
changed to Junior and just show your
friends they're not going to know it's
not real wa really yeah they don't have
access to the court records hold on let
me get the paper okay all right kid I
printed out all the papers and I filled
them out with a bunch of mumbo jumbo but
look right here see there's my signature
everything looks very official so you
just show this to your friends and
they'll think it's legal really yeah now
that'll be $5,000 I don't have $5,000
neither do I and I need it by tomorrow I
am in big trouble I'm going to call all
my friends over and even Penelope and
show them this and they can stop making
fun of me hey Justin why'd you call us
over Justin yeah what's up Justin yeah
what you want Justin I'd rather you guys
call me by my legal name we are Justin
yeah Justin stop acing brand new Justin
no I legally changed my name to Junior
look at these change of name forms look
a lawyer signed it I signed it it's all
legal binding oh well okay Junior G I
don't even like saying it I was just
getting used to Justin yeah I really
wanted to date a Justin I think that
name's really hot now yeah Justin was a
good name it had a ring to it dude you
guys prefer Justin over junor yeah
Junior just sounds so 5 years old well
these forms are fake my name is Justin I
faked and I lied about these forms my
name is still Justin what a classic
Justin thing to do once a Justin always
a Justin dude that's such a Justin
move you idiot you hit like a
[Laughter]
Justin
justtin it's really a pretty normal name
yeah yeah this a thank you again to this
video sponsor Dragon City check them out
using the QR code in the link in the
description to get our free SML
decoration 15,000 food 30,000 gold and
the Neo isumi dragon