you said PP how do you do it hey chef
peepee
I'll throw through the mail and there's
a letter for you wait Julia what are you
doing opening my mail
you know this illegal right well I read
it it's from Lola and I touch she wants
to see you let me read it dear chef
Pippi spelled my name wrong but I just
want you to know I can't stop thinking
about you just wanted to know if you'd
like to hang out sometime
xoxo Lola calls for me no it's for me
she knows my name separate me that's not
your name but it's close enough
look I gotta get ready for I think I
need to cover waiting the call of Lola
go on this day so she can find out why
they called me chef peepee oh please sir
please sir hello oh hey Lola I got your
letter in the mail today
oh you did mmm-hmm and I was thinking
how about you and me go on a date
tonight just us okay Amy - yes sounds
like a plan Lola how about 6:00 tonight
son goodnight poppy field in Oh chef
peepee why do you look so sexy
why did God carve you out of the most
precious diamonds
why oh man hey baby when you get all
dressed up I got a date that's why okay
I go no okay Shep you'd have to be that
ridiculous you kids you said no
all right baby I got us some popcorn
Extra Butter and I got us an extra-large
drink you know that's expensive big
spender yeah you know I got a bunch of
cash baby I'm so broke right now but I
can't let her know that I'm super rich
baby all right money buys you know
that's what they call me are you ready
to watch this movie oh I don't think
we're gonna do watches what I'm just
getting ready for the movie we barely
know each other
you're right you're right I guess you
just want to watch the movie
let's get ready for the previews then
calm down Audrey is lead to the ocean
oh man I can't wait to see that movie me
bird excuse me is this seat taken
no you've got a dog huh that's my Tyler
you're gonna just said Tyler now you're
making me feel small and inconvenient
you might as well call me chef to it no
no don't let them ruin their nice oh all
right
let's watch these previews there okay
good job I guess we've I have been
drinking Oh Queen that was a good
preview huh I guess oh hey dude is this
a small popcorn
yes it's small but I satisfied with it
oh I use the good an extra large popcorn
what extra-large oh it's too big it's
too messy and it gets in the way
whatever you say little man little man
people relax you got the soda uh it was
an extra large soda I might be
compensating for something but it was
extra-large oh let's just watch the
movie
yes you killed my father I am your
father
wait you're not black I identify as
black
come on join the dark sides pretty cool
never is this oh my gosh I love this
movie yeah it's great
look I'm gonna go to the restroom just
don't talk to him okay no no no I know
that you I recognize that body anyone I
ten inch died
ah I see you remember that nickname you
gave me how can I forget what are you
doing here oh you know ever since I
broke up with you I just come to the
movies and try to find a new girlfriend
and then what are the odds that will run
it's on you but we've tried five times
and it never worked you know what they
say baby sixth time's the charm
let's go how about we leave oh why look
I have diarrhea or something how about I
go home and cook for you okay let's go
to sleep who needs to go to the movies
anyway when you're on the date with a
professional chef so you know how to
cool oh yeah baby I might not be
finished Tyler but I haven't finished
spatula and I know how to use it baby
let me go and cook for you you sit a
little honey in that chair okay she's
going to love my world-famous Burton mac
and cheese burn baby burn
oh jeez I smell oh yeah you know it jr.
oh man I can't wait to eat some there's
none for you jr. only for Lola Lola
she's here oh yes she's here she's on a
date with me on a date with you yeah
what would she likes me though she said
she loves me only me so stay away well
I'll give some advice Shep if he maybe
you shouldn't feed Herbert mac and
cheese
everybody loves burnt mac and cheese I
know what you want you want the whole
band for yourself that's selfish do you
I mean I really do want to burn mac and
cheese but I don't think she will like
Bert mac and cheese she's going to love
it you just stay away okay alright if
you're whatever just don't burn her food
shut up oh I gotta take this to Lola
okay Lola is my world famous burn mac
and cheese burnt
yeah the crispy of the better wait
what's wrong hey MA
go pack that must be Spanish for you
love it
see I do it I know you love it no what's
wrong oh you must be lactose intolerant
that's it oh yeah sure but you go find
something else please
okay I guess so hey Lola man what's
wrong with me
oh hi cue the ears yeah I saw you didn't
like the bird mega cheese so I offer you
my lunch of on Ali's death oh thank you
oh yeah I really like by mega cheese
chef peepee you know cooked it all the
time he burns it but I don't wanna make
a feel bad show ieave anyway so you like
the burns mac and cheese I don't like it
but you know I have to get used to it so
Chevy started cooking well anyway you
need the only thing I'm good at what do
we have ketchup no no what are you doing
sorry chef baby I saw a low like gagging
over the burp mac and cheese
so I trailer by lunchable lunchable okay
[Applause]
okay then come on come on alright Lola
this is my bed what are you doing in
here you said go to my room but we share
a room that doesn't mean get in my bed
what do you better do why are you naked
asking questions just leave well I could
do whatever you guys are about to do you
know I promise you you can you're not
even old enough I wanna stay in your bed
no just get in your bed Junior okay why
are you going down there oh come on a
snuggle baby
shut up honestly I don't know if you
want to tell scary stories no wait you
do I just want to you just one all right
there once was this chef who thought he
was really good at cooking
but he actually sucked at cooking and he
also thought this made like them but she
that checks me I give it to you just
shut up people to sleep okay okay hmm
are you wrestling no shut up do you just
go to bed well I want a wrestle there's
no wrestling going on down here tiny and
Shecky be no to you I'm not taking you
in oh oh juniors getting on the top
ropes would be here very soon okay okay
oh hey there somebody call a doctor
oh yes yes I think she broke a
collarbone but why are you naked don't
worry about that that's not important
look just focus on the collarbone well
how'd you break your collarbone he
jumped on me oh well now I think I
should have my cop outfit on since
you're naked and she says you jumped up
no let me I didn't jump on her look look
it was him Hey whoa what what happened
to you oh yeah this is me now oh uh uh
no I I don't like this at all no I'm
gonna write a real mean comment about
this like I just do not like change now
you get out of here before I hit the
dislike button okay okay so about that
collarbone I I don't really know what to
do about that what yeah I'm just gonna
put a cast on your arm and see what
happens okay yeah yeah all right there
you go I made you a cast made out of
toilet paper now I would recommend that
you probably don't move around too much
for about six months or so what no she
can't get freaky I think there's been
enough freakiness now that she has a
broken collarbone look at that wasn't my
fault all right whatever well I think
you should probably go home and sleep
for about six months no okay doctor
thank you and you put some clothes on
whatever I think I should go home now
yeah wait Lola normal
go check PP I have to go the doctor said
I must get some rest for six months well
you can watch the Muppet baby no I must
go no bye gorgeous do you get out of
here you it's all your fault
you shouldn't go wrestle in bed like you
guys were doing
[Music]