all right Jeffy are you ready to play
the SML matching game let's do it junior
okay I'll go first
let's stop with this card oh I got mr.
Guttman now I gotta find the other mr.
Goodman okay let's do this one okay I
got to find another BB I wasn't it for
buck over jr. I'm confused why would you
flip those cards back over cuz they
didn't match well in that the point of
the game are you supposed to just flip
them all over did you find the ones that
match well you're supposed to put them
all over but you're supposed to do two
at a time okay I'm just gonna go ahead
and go okay that one I like Patrick oh
all right you're supposed to stop up you
do too but jr. how much boys you know
what they match if I don't flip them all
over
you're only free to flip two at a time
and see if they match that doesn't make
any sense
Junior's if I only flip over to now I'm
not gonna be able to match oh well
you're just gonna keep walking them oh
no you always push to flip over two at a
time Jeffy Junior this games getting
stupid don't you want plays game anymore
because you're not playing by the right
rules if we're supposed to flip em over
define the ones that match and if you
just want to do it - anytime y'all play
no more what but that's how you play it
okay Mario your turn all right what
piece should I pull out damn man what's
wrong Jeffy Junior does he know how to
play games right what'd he do daddy in a
matching game are you supposed to flip
over two cards or all the cards you're
supposed to flip over two cards you're
an idiot
all right mommy same question well I
guess that would make sense to flip over
all the cards because then you know
which ones are matching exactly mom but
that's not how you play the game you're
supposed to flip over two cards until
you get a match dang that would take
forever how do you think is hard to play
a game you're supposed to pull out a
piece and hope it doesn't fall over what
day if you did pull out any piece didn't
win fall over but you're supposed to
plot a piece no one's making you pull
out a piece Danny that's how you play
the game Jeffy okay that's how you play
the game to get after it
okay um just see Danny if you didn't
pull our piece you're not waiting to
falling we're supposed to do that the
point of the game okay children calm
down play nicely
not to play games right who's at the
door hello hey there more you hey good
man what are you doing here oh nothing
just going for a walk drinking my hot
water and being grateful they don't live
in such a poor neighborhood you how do
you do it Marv you
it's not that bad oh it is that bad what
are you doing here eat that dead
cockroach for 20 bucks no fifty bucks
I'm not eating a dead cockroach ten
thousand dollars looks like you're
eating that cockroach I'll do it but I
don't want to do it I'm just kidding
Mario what clean it up
what were you doing here what do you
want I have a business opportunity Mario
you're gonna invite me a turn make me
stand out here at this dead cockroach
come inside all right Mario I finished
setting up the game okay baby I'll play
with you in a few minutes I have to talk
to mr. Goodman oh hi mr. Goodman anyway
Mario I want to talk to you about this
business not your mud change colors I'm
sorry my what your mug oh this is called
a mute poor people call it a mug but
rich people like me gets called him yuge
okay what you got to talk to me about
well my son Richard wants a new pit so I
was wondering if I could buy Jeffy from
you Jimmy's not a pet Jeff he's not an
animal will Mario for enough money
anything can be an animal just ask my
cleaning lady me yeah well looking good
man we're not gonna let you buy Jeffy
from us we love Jeffy he's our son we
love him so much and no matter how much
money you offer us we would never say
yes that Jaime million dollars yes Lori
oh baby mr. Goodman baby listen
he's just offering us ten million
dollars for Jeff we have to say yes no
selling Jeffy Mario it's 10 million
dollars Oh Mario no no how many zeros at
the end of ten million dollars I don't
care Evan Mario no way baby's already
rich he'd give a better life Jimmy does
Mikey here definitely love to live with
him I've also already had a pin made of
my new favorite pen made of us where you
ever been to write with it please all I
saw Jenny for ten million dollars Mario
there is no way we are selling Jeffy
look Jeffy hates it here he hates me
noise me every day go annoy Goodman look
Goodman's rich gonna get take care of it
we can't take care we gotta take my dogs
can you take care of you we go around
the world we can't buy the world it's
ten million dollars no more
we are and that is final she says no but
I would love to move I think I just lost
a million dollars shares ice cream with
you
yeah just one lick okay one lick that is
that we're talking about 10 million
dollars right now as we call Goodman we
are y'all calm down he just wants to
play I don't want to play he can go play
with Goodman why don't we sell the
Goodman and a good make him play with
them and then we get too many dollars
and then we can go play with our body
that is that you're going to bed yeah
it's time to go to bed right now
all right Jeff you're gonna lay that and
go to sleep and I'm gonna go cry don't
have ten million dollars well I don't
have ten million dollars but I actually
could have had good million dollars if I
just would have whatever just go to
sleep Jeffy wait a minute me and
Rosalina didn't ask Jeffy what he would
want I mean maybe he'd want to live in a
mansion with hey Jeffy um would you
rather live in a mansion no but why not
there's too many rooms okay well what
would it there was a swimming pool oh no
harsh Wham
okay well what if there was a chocolate
fountain like Willy Wonka II John
factory yeah yeah what there's a
chocolate fountain inside the mansion
and and there was a bunch of candy like
candy walls yeah the walls are made of
candy and and who belugas are walking
around singing oh boy yo yeah what would
you would you rather live there yeah
Wonka Chocolate Factory okay well kinda
that's a it's kind of what I'm offering
so yeah okay
so you would like to live in a mansion
with all that candy only Willy Wonka on
your Java Factory okay that's that is a
yes for me oh come on you said yes come
on okay oh hello don't say anything Wow
I don't want to hear so you changed your
mind
yep yeah so I'm gonna give you each a
fee for ten million dollars Joe am I
really gonna go get to live wee Willy
Wonka Chocolate Factory
what is he talking about what do you
can't at your house no do you have a
chocolate fountain why would I have that
well Jeffy only eats candy for dinner so
give a lot of candy all right well
you're we don't have any candies you're
gonna eat a filet mignon all right Mario
I'll transfer the ten million dollars to
your bank okay oh no what's taking Mario
so long baby my happiest man in the
world right now because I love looking
at that one beautiful eye you have yeah
so is there anything you want like
anything you need hmm well I'd love to
spend some time together well how about
we spend something other than time Mario
why are you acting like this
acting like what like my big I got
surprise for you I bought you a purse no
I can't just do something nice for you
what's making you think that I saw Jeffy
you bought me something and you're happy
doesn't mean I sold Jeffy look I put
Jeffy in bed I had to tell him like
three bedtime stories oh yeah yeah well
I'm gonna go check on him there
nananananana bait you know how long it
takes to make him go to sleep I had to
say three stories and it's the whole
thing I'm gonna check on him anyway oh
let me go get them look like you just
sit right here you set your pretty self
right there and let me go get him okay
okay but you better not take too long
I'm not gonna take long at all just sit
right here and don't move in don't go
check on them okay all right baby
here's Jeffy Mario what are you wearing
Gucci where did you get Gucci Gucci
stores
Mario that does
look like jiffy baby that is Jeffy look
that is so Jeffy Jeffy say the thing I
paid you to say Mario I don't think
that's Jeffy that doesn't look like him
baby look he has a shirt that says Jeffy
he has the pits on his nose he's got the
blue helmet he has everything that jumpy
has Jeffy say the stuff you say don't
cry my nose Jeff yeah I think he has a
sore throat Mario no that's just him
he's just tired cuz you made me wake him
up I told you that let me wake him up
but look that that is so Jeffy right
okay
Jeffy would you like some green beans
right now yeah baby calm down look look
Jeff he was still sleeping and I wanted
a test to see how good your one eyesight
is so I got this kid to dress up like
Jeffy just to see if you could tell the
real W in the fig jumpy Mario can you
please go get Jeffy yes I will go get
the real Jeffy right now come on dude
Patrick alright baby here's Jeffy what
are you wearing now look baby just just
paid it to the Jeffy that is not Jeffy
well that is so Jeffy like I wouldn't I
wouldn't I couldn't even tell the
difference Mario there's no way that's
Jeffy hey that is so Jeffy look at him
like he has the pencil in his nose and
the hat okay Jeffy what's his name okay
and what's mining show him look but
chappie say it's a thing Mario where is
Jeffy right here that is so Jeffy that
the face that the body that knows I'm
gonna go check on Jeffy in his room he
don't do that look look I'm home to
someone at the door yeah just stay right
here and I will go get the real one
why hello did you eat at Burger King and
get one of their free hats
Goodman what are you doing here well I
came to bring Jeffy back so here you can
have him why because he's been eating my
drywall thinking it's candy he's been
calling my maids in my gardeners oomba
Lupe's he's been calling me Willy Wonka
and quite frankly I'm tired of it
well what about your tip million dollars
oh I'm gonna be reporting that to my
bank is fraud so that money comes back
to me go back with them No
so have a good night Mario what's wrong
I got these big inflatable paint'll here
all along Mario I thought you sold in me
so chubby for ten million dollars I
would never do that so sorry I thought
you were lying to me no baby I'll never
lie to you is for ten million dollars
hey mommy I went to Willy Wonka's
chocolate factory yeah ain't drywall and
I saw open Oh boys I'm sure you did
Jeffy yeah I guess I'll just sit here be
happy and I go into my spring hey guys
it's Logan the Phoebe puppet is
available now at s on mercs comm so go
by or if you want also the jr. box is
available now an SMR select come on you
get this limited-edition Junior figurine
and you get the SM o memory game that
you saw at the beginning of this video
and you get the big inflatable pencil
that jumpy was holding and the cool mug
that Goodman was holding during the
scene it's really cool when it gets hot
it changes colors so if you want the jr.
box or the Phoebe puppet go to s for
Marx calm we love you guys so much you
guys are the most amazing fans in the
world and I cannot believe we made it
this far we actually have our own merch
now and I think it's so awesome that you
guys get to hold the puppets we use and
get a play along while you watch the
videos so we love you guys so much
you're the best fans in the entire world
I'll see you in the next video
say bye pumpkin
[Music]
[Music]