and done all right jeffy i helped you
build your lego ferris wheel that's so
awesome guys look how much fun they're
having
yeah they're having fun so just play
with your legos
jeffy be quiet
shut up jeffy marvin he's just having
fun but like he can be quieter and have
fun like jeffy let's play with the
little lego people i'll be the fair man
the fair man yeah he's the fair man he
runs the fair everyone having fun at the
fair oh yeah i'm having fun at the fair
see look they're having fun but wait
daddy the weatherman said there's a 100
percent chance of a meteor strike a
meteor
why would you do that july oh no daddy
find people dead what a shame jeffy i'm
not helping you build legos ever again
who's that
clean up this mess
hello what goodman what are you doing
here hold on it's raining
okay
what was that for let me in
okay come on
so good man what do you want jeffy
didn't clean up his legos no marvin i
told him to pick it up and then he
yelled bite me before running off ah so
uh what's going on here a meteor hit
lego land
so uh what do you want i need your help
marvin what was what well my dad's
coming to town if you think i'm rich
he's richer i'm only worth 500 billion
dollars and he's worth over two trillion
dollars so i'm poor compared to him well
what do you need my help with i need you
to kill my dad but kill your dad why
because he's coming here to sign his
will that gives all his money to his cat
mrs puffy pants and i'm cut out of the
wheel completely so i get nothing so i
need you to kill him before he signs
that will to his cat so i at least get
his money
why is he giving his money to his cat
because he hates me and the worst part
is he's bringing his cat here to sign
the will in front of me just to make me
mad
okay so why do you need me to kill him
why don't you kill him because everyone
will suspect that i did it they won't be
suspecting you marvin you can't do this
i'm not gonna do it baby i mean what
would i even get out of it marvin that's
the million-dollar question because i'll
give you a million dollars what a
million dollars that's not enough martin
i would need at least 50.
50 bucks okay done no 50 million nope
you already said no 50 million 50
million
who's that oh that must be him i invited
him to your house because you're gonna
kill him well i'm not gonna kill him
sure you are marvin let's go down there
and meet him and once you meet him
you'll hate him so much that you'll want
to kill him too marvin you can't do this
well i'm not going to kill him baby
unless i get 50 million marvin
hi dad oh hey what's this it's your will
what's it's your will it's your will oh
yeah you're right look at that it's my
will and your name's not on it why why
is your name not on it why is the name
not on it oh i know why it's because i'm
giving all my money to my cat mrs puffy
pants
see i told you he's an hey who's
your bald friend over here oh it's my
friend marvin cut the crap we know you
don't have friends hey baldi how much
you paying you huh i'll double it
it you have a cat yeah yeah let me
inside and i'll show you it okay well
there she is the two trillion dollar cat
god i hate that cat well let's go ahead
and get this show on the road let me go
ahead and sign this will that when my
son doesn't get in my money wait why
don't you want your son to have any of
your money why because i hate his guts
hey son yeah dad hates you
i know why do you hate him so much last
year on my birthday he got me a gift
card a gift card yeah it was a ferrari
gift card i didn't know what else to get
him you could have just went down to the
ferrari dealership and got to me i call
yourself well i didn't know what color
ferrari you wanted or the model or
anything so i just gave you a million
dollar gift card so you could get what
you wanted wow a million dollars can you
believe the night of this guy what am i
poor uh i'm gonna go ahead and sign this
wheel jimmy i'm getting tired of your
crap
what are you doing stop it somebody's
about to say stop it you're watching
jimmy stupid
what are you doing oh well i always fall
don't find it are you hungry you know
what i am hungry miranda how about you
go get me a uh a filet mignon wrapped in
24 karat gold what were am i supposed to
get that at i don't know marvin but go
get it and make sure you poison it what
poison it yeah go on go get it okay i'm
gonna go get it thank you okay that
should work marvin what's taking so long
i'm making your daddy's meal what that
that's not a filet mignon that's ham
well i don't have a filet mignon i don't
have rich people food so all i have is
oh the cat's here oh mrs puffy pants go
leave all right good oh okay okay so
yeah i don't have steak so i just got
him like a piece of ham all right now
put the poison on there let's go give it
to him i don't have poison you don't
carry wrap poison on you what no hold on
see look this is rat poison okay okay
here i'm just gonna put some on there
all right that's a lot of poison yeah we
need that no take it to my dad let's go
okay
who's that good miss puffy pants all
right dad here's your food oh nice of
you to finally join us miss puffy pants
was telling me a little secret oh well
what was she saying oh she was just
letting me know that you were trying to
give me a piece of ham instead of filet
mignon oh well at least you didn't
mention the poison and that you poisoned
and did well you try to pull a fast one
on your old man you're not getting
nothing i already signed the papers no
my money hey hey jimmy you want to know
what the best spot is i'm having a heart
attack
i'm just kidding with you
no
he died
and he already signed the will all my
money
hold no one else knows he signed that
will so we can just rip it up and
pretend he never signed it yeah that's
that's a good idea
oh and i already sent a copy to my
lawyer now i'm really dead
oh he already sent a copy to the lawyer
marvin okay how about this how about we
just call his lawyer and see if there's
a loophole he can't really give two
trillion dollars to a cat that's a good
idea marvin let's call him hey there i'm
steve staleberger talent agent and frank
goodman's lawyer hmm must be sleeping no
he's dead oh what a shame frank was a
good man good man so why'd you call me
well this is his will right here and i
was wondering if there were any
loopholes in it to where i could get all
his money hmm man who are you i'm mr
goodman i'm his son oh i remember you
frank hated your guts well let's take a
little look-see here oh do not give any
of my ex-wives a single goddamn penny of
my money uh-oh this doesn't look good
what oh it says do not give any of my
money to my son mr goodman that doesn't
look good for you well let's see here it
says give all of my money to my cat mrs
puffy pants now i say i say who is a mrs
puffy pants right here i'm mrs puffy
pants but but you just said you were mr
goodman no i didn't i'm mrs puffy pants
hmm you don't look like any cat i've
ever seen yes i do see the ears yeah um
is this your cage oh it sure is i'll get
in the cage for two trillion dollars
well i don't see any other cats around
so i guess i have to give this money to
you all right i'll go to the bank and
withdraw it in cash because i'm pretty
sure cats don't have bank accounts nope
cash is fine i'll be right here waiting
for it all right i'll be right back
well marvin i can't believe these cat
ears actually work i know there's no way
he actually believes you're a cat hey
there i'm looking for a mrs puffy pants
right here yeah hey i got a call from a
lawyer who said it was part of the will
that i'm supposed to spay you so you
can't have any babies what's spay mean
oh it's where you scoop out all the
reproductive organs in a girl cat oh
well you can cut my balls off for two
trillion dollars wait a minute did you
say balls oh i meant uh arby's roast
beef sandwich oh okay well come on over
here mrs puffy pants let me see what i'm
working with
what what hold on
what the that's a big crank
what that's not a mrs puffy pants that's
a mr puffy pants i mean you can still
cut it off can't you no no that's not
how this works i gotta go tell the
lawyer that you're not mrs puffy pam no
no no no please don't tell the world
marvin what are we gonna do now i don't
know oh i got it what if your wife wears
the cat ears then she can be mrs puffy
pants i'm not doing that i don't condone
any of this well
baby please
there you go baby you look great i hate
this now remember when he gives you the
money you have to give it to me i say i
say i am pissed i have 60 dump trucks
full of money outside and no mrs puffy
pants together too now why did you lie
to me son i'm so sorry but we found the
real mrs puffy pants and she's right
behind you hey hmm i guess you could be
a mrs puffy pants give me a meow meow
gasps
now i say i say i have had it up to here
with all of these shenanigans will the
real mrs puffy pants please stand up i
said will the real mrs puffy pads please
stand up
now that looks like a mrs puffy pants no
don't give her the money she doesn't
deserve it come on mrs puffy pants let's
go to the dump trucks outside there you
go mrs puffy pants we got about 100 more
dump trucks coming with your money
god i hate that cat well look she's
already rich there's nothing you can do
about it now i'll think of something
marvin
will you marry me mrs puffy pants what
you can't marry a cat sure i can oh
what's that she said yes oh breathe i
didn't hear say yes hey there do you
take this cat to be your husband uh she
said she does and do you take this cat
to be your wife i do all right well i
pronounce you cat and cat you may kiss
the cat great uh now i want a divorce
and this is all mine what
you can't just divorce like that no i
did though
were they really married yeah and
they're really divorced now yeah
what all right this is my last box of
money i just got loaded up on my private
jet well you got all the money you
wanted goodman your dad just had to die
and you had to marry a cat to get it
though sounds like a good day to me but
i'm a man of my word marvin so here's
your 50 bucks i wanted 50 million you
didn't even kill him he died of natural
causes so be lucky you're getting 50
bucks okay oh boo berry bear what are
you gonna spend your fifty dollars on
whatever you want my butterfly bridges
two for twenty and olive gardens sure
baby
i'm gonna throw up
[Music]