[Music]
are you ready for your vasectomy Marvin
I just want to hurry up and get this
over with hey Marvin ready to stop being
a man what well I was just asking if
you're ready for me to cut your balls
off you're not going to actually cut my
balls off no but I mean I might as well
they're not going to work anymore you're
not going to be able to have kids after
this well me and Rose decided that we
don't want to have kids jeffy's enough
oh no I get it I get it I mean I would
never do this personally like ever but I
mean hey you do you man if I can even
call you a man cuz you're not really
going to be a man after I cut your balls
off but I'm still going to have my balls
well yeah but what's the point I mean
they're not going to work I can't invite
you a boy's night cuz you're not really
going to be a boy anymore you know how
people say man that guy's got balls
they're not going to be talking about
you cuz you're not going to have any
balls can we just hurry up and get this
over with all right you want anesthesia
or not of course I want anesthesia see
there's the no balls already see a real
man would take it like a man well I I
don't want to be awake during it oh yeah
I wouldn't want to be awake either to
see the massive mistake I was making it
listen listen me and Rose do it all the
time and I don't want to risk getting
her pregnant Marvin you don't have to
kid yourself it's not like you can get
your right hand pregnant no no no no we
seriously do it all the time me and her
are always in bed Marvin you don't have
to light me I'm married too I've had
some dates with all righty and Lefty
yeah that's right I use both I mean not
at the same time I mean I don't have
enough unit to use them both at the same
time I just mean I switch off you know
like like uh pctures in the World Series
when one gets tired I just switch from
right to left you know okay well can I
please just get a different doctor to do
my vasectomy no there's no other doctors
here qualified to do vasectomies I mean
there used to be one but he doesn't work
here anymore his name was Dr Vinnie
vasectomy oh man he loved doing
vasectomies he loved him so much he
changed his last name to vasectomy and
he would just give anybody a vasectomy
even if they didn't want it just ran
around with a pair of scissors snipping
balls and then one day he wanted to do
the biggest vasectomy ever the president
of the United States so he got a job
working as the Hedge Clipper in the
White House garden and then one day the
president came out and he just ran at
him trying to snip his balls yeah he
didn't even get close the the Secret
Service just shot him dead right there I
mean just not even close they just lit
his ass up he's dead so yeah he's dead
so you just get me well can you just
hurry up and do the vasectomy Jesus
Marvin you left your pants on and your
shoes what's wrong with my pants well
how am I supposed to cut your balls off
with your pants on Marvin do I just cut
through them well you can just take them
off once I'm asleep and you're wearing a
shirt in tight Marvin this is a surgery
not a job interview well just take my
clothes off once I'm asleep I'm not
going to undress you like a GI Joe
Marvin that's weird I don't want to get
naked in front of you I don't want you
to see my stuff I'm going to see it I'm
going to be down there I'm going to see
everything well can't you just do it
through the pants leg through the pants
leg Marvin those are Levis are your
balls really all the way down there no
listen just do it give me the anesthesia
okay fine fine I'll give you the
anesthesia jesz here you go ow you
feeling it uh I'm getting lightheaded
like I'm fading away no you're not
Marvin because that was just Air at
least you get to have your lifetime
movie moment how embarrassing for you
I'm fading away what are you hating
Christensen you [ __ ] suck just give
me the real anesthesia go to sleep okay
all right give me the real thing Jesus
cry baby no balls all right I'm going to
do it in the head this time not my head
go to
sleep I have to pee well wait since
Cinderella you're going to miss the ball
snip you get that Morphin ball snip oh
yeah you're asleep well you would have
laughed at that all right let me get
these pants
[Music]
off
M give me the new Call of Duty I need
$70 for the new Call of Duty black B SS
please who Marvin how are you awake that
was real anesthesia that time I had this
dream that douge was right in front of
my face asking me for $70 for the new
Call of Duty game yeah he is he's right
there m please give me $70 for the new
Call of Duty game douy how'd you get in
here he just barged in I told him he
can't be here this is an operating room
but he insisted you give him $70 and
he's been yelling at your unconscious
body for the last 20 minutes mobbs what
are you doing I'm getting AUM douy
what's a facet dibs I'm cutting his
balls off oh so you got money to cut
your balls off but you ain't got money
to get me the game get out of here tuy
anything not to get me the game how much
this going to cost anyway insurance is
covering it oh you think the insurance
will cover me again in the game no
doctor did you do my visectomy no I
haven't even started you see this mask
that's because when I took your pants
off I get hit by the odor of unwashed
scrotum you haven't bathed in I'm
assuming days based on the smell and you
haven't shaved cuz it looks like the
Amazon rainforest down there it looks
like a mushroom sticking out of a bush I
didn't know I had to shower or shave
before surgery oh you thought we were
going to do that for you too and undress
you the most impressive thing I've done
today was take your pants off over your
shoes oh and by the way Marvin you have
dingleberries and little bits of toilet
paper in your ass you're one fart away
from having a blizzard in this [ __ ]
list can you just hurry up and do my m
to me please I don't think the scissors
are going to cut through all that hair
let's matted down with dried urine and
sweat and God knows what else so I'm
postponing the surgery for another 6
months until you can sort all that [ __ ]
out 6 months what if I get my wife
pregnant believe me she's not going to
go anywhere near that thing if she can
find it and even if she did the smell
would scare her away come on douge to
Game Stop to get the game no hey Marvin
how was your vasectomy you left me at
the hospital I'm sorry Marvin but I had
to pee and you know I don't like public
restrooms I had to take an Uber you got
money for Uber but you ain't got money
to get me the game how did your
vasectomy go the doctor had to cancel it
why because an emergency came up Marvin
got a dirty dick what the doy he doesn't
know what he's talking about hey there
snow globe a that's a cute nick name no
it's not Marvin's one fart away from
having a blizzard up in this [ __ ] what
oh look there's some now looks like it's
going to be a white Christmas what are
you talking about toilet paper and
dingleberries ooh dingleberries is that
a new kind of fruit can I bake a pie
with them yeah it's found in the country
of Marvin's ass and you don't want to
make a pie with those berries they're
poisonous oh listen doctor what are you
doing here well even though we canceled
the vasectomy I'm here to give you a
bill see I'm going to charge you for the
anesthesia we used the dingleberries I
had to see the peppermint I had to put
in my nose to deal with the smell cuz
that was [ __ ] up so altogether it's
going to cost you $7,000 and it's due
right now well the insurance is going to
cover it right no no the insurance
doesn't cover avoidable stuff like
bathing and shaving so you got to pay me
I I don't have $7,000 Marvin we're going
to go in debt might as well be in debt
another $70 and give me the G shut up
dougy listen doctor we don't have $7,000
right now you have to give us a few
months to pay it well that's not going
to work you got to pay it right now and
not paying a hospital bill is a crime so
if you don't pay me I'm going to have to
arrest you arrest us we don't have
$7,000 you got to give us some time
please all right fine I'll be nice and
give you till tomorrow morning tomorrow
morning to come up with
$7,000 oh my God how are we going to do
that and trust me buddy I feel bad
charging you all this money cuz
apparently you can't afford soap or a
razor or even a comb but I just really
can't let this [ __ ] slide and apparently
your [ __ ] can't slide either it gets
caught in a neck Marvin what is he
talking about I don't know but we need
to focus on making $7,000 tonight ew
Marvin why are there pieces of toilet
paper on the couch Marvin's ass no no
listen guys let's focus on $7,000 I'll
go to jail if we don't pay it by
tomorrow morning ooh I got some IDE dips
my dips what is it well if you give me
$70 to get the new C dut black hold on
I'm not FIP yep I need $70 to get a new
Call of Duty black op sips and then I
play the game so really really so really
good and then they see how really good
I'm being playing at the new game that I
in a new Call of Duty Black Ops 6 compe
tips and then I win the compe tips and
then I give you some money for your
dirty ass what uh listen that would be
an amazing idea but is there even a
contest that'll pay $7,000 tonight not
yet but when they see how really good
I'm playing the game they going to
makees one well that would be a really
good idea if we could get the money
tonight but we cannot get the money
tonight and I don't even have $70 to buy
the game we need to make up money
without buying anything oh I got some
another IDs I'll be right back all right
my dips I went to the gas St ships and I
stole some Mr beeps candy balls cuz it
says right here you could wins a million
dollar dou what are the odds of actually
winning a million off a candy bar it's
never going to happen well I got 12 of
them right here so there could be $12
million in here there's no way there's
$12 million in there dou it's a waste of
time I have to find a way to get $7,000
tonight well I got another idea but it
could get us in a lot of many really
good good troubles will it get us to
$7,000 yeah well then tell me about it
all right so we dress up like robbers
and we goes to the banks while it's
clothes and there's probably going to be
a security guard sitting outside so we
have to distract them so good so we
throw a bucket of KFC chicken that's for
crisy and he start eating it and saying
yummy so good yummy so good and while he
eating we go inside the bank and it's
probably going to be a bunch of red
lasers so we tap mirrors to our face and
baps to make the lasers bounce off and
then we get to the safe and you pull out
Co and then listen to the right C to the
safe and then we open it up and then so
much money so money so good and we start
stacking our Pops then we blows up holes
in the roofs and the helicopter drops a
lot down and we escapes and then I buys
the new Call of Duties and I plays it
all night long and I'm so happies okay
that plan is impossible douge we don't
have a helicopter to help us escape and
we can't afford KFC to distract the
guard okay fine then we just knock out
Guard breaking into the bank and Ste the
menes all right let's just do it cuz
we're desperate and we need the money
come let's go get the outfits
[Music]
okay all right dougy we're in oh my God
the alarm turn off I ain't no computer
nerd I ain't know how to do that well
let's steal the money before the cops
show up freeze you're under arrest for
trying to rob the bank oh my God we're
so screwed douge wait Marvin uh no
Marvin I know it's you I saw the toilet
paper on your ass oh my God Marvin why
are you trying to rob a bank I owe you
$7,000 for anesthesia and the
dingleberries and the then the
dingleberries and also the $70 for the
new Call of Duty game Marvin I'll tell
you what I'll let you rob this bank
because I really want you to clean your
ass wait you're going to let me rob the
bank yeah come on I'll let you in the
vault okay Ms I got a new col nles BL
sips I'm going to be playing it all
night long Marvin you got away with it
oh yeah baby the plan went perfectly we
walked right into the the bank and just
got away with it Marvin don't lie I just
let you take all the money so you could
afford to clean your dirty ass Marvin
what is he talking about I don't know
just take the $7,000 I owe you and get
out of here no I'm taking all of it see
it's the perfect crime I let you rob the
bank and then I come take the rest of
the money but but but but you can't
steal the money I stole that stealing
hey call the [ __ ] cops huh you can't
because I'm the cops and if you did call
the cops I just tell them you stole it
which you did Jesus snow globe look at
that oh my God Marvin what is wrong with
you Marvin where's all this tissue paper
paper coming from his ass it's his ass
confetti look at that you can make snow
angels in it go ahead Marvin make some
snow angels no I'm not going to I'm not
going to do that hey hey Marvin I have
some important documents I need shredded
could you wipe your ass with them I mean
how does this even happen what are you
doing in there I listen I buddy just
take take the money and leave please
I'll tell you what here's 100 bucks buy
yourself a razor and some soap Jesus
will you leing the rest of the money no
no not Mar I'm taking it
[Music]