[Music]
all right Cody you go first
okay oh this is so lame yeah it is you
guys want to go to a real bowling alley
yeah I love bowling dude you know I love
bowling well I don't want to go to a
bowling alley to bowl you silly [ __ ]
well what else do we do at a bowling
alley eat cheese sticks they have cheese
sticks ooh cheese sticks are good do
they have cheese sticks they have the
best cheese sticks in the county and you
get a deal four cheese sticks for
$473 that's more than a dollar per
cheese stick I know that's how good they
are it's like an explosion of mozzarella
in your mouth sometimes I like to take
four cheese sticks and bite the tips off
and let all the cheese drain into my
mouth it's like cheese [ __ ] oh God
you made me hate cheese sticks I think
we should at least go try them if
they're that good after that description
dude I mean I think we should try it
well let's make sure everybody has the
money I do I do I don't well I have $10
Joseph so if you drink this entire
gallon of hand sanitizer I'll give you
the money for the cheese sticks you're
on dude Joseph don't drink that hand
sanitizer dude it's just like a full
body cleanse no it's really not it's for
your hand
well I don't have
$4.70 well I already gave half my money
to Joseph unless he's not going to drink
the hand sanitizer oh I'm going drink
you dude why don't you just ask your dad
but what if he says no um cry good idea
I'm on it get the drinking Joseph
all hey Daddy I don't want to eat my
green beans daddy Jeffy what are you
talking about I need to borrow
$473 [ __ ] sell your toys Marvin you
didn't even ask why he needs that money
Jeffy why do you need almost $5 sure I
can get some cheese sticks you don't
need to be eating cheese sticks they're
so greasy and unhealthy you need to eat
something like green beans well I don't
want to eat my green beans dad the
answer is
no give your son $5 no he needs to learn
how to make money like an adult Jeffy
you want to make money stop that you cut
that out you need to sell your toys if
you want to make money all right fine
but when I get hit by a train it's all
your fault what does the train have to
do with selling toys okay Cody I'm going
to take my turn while we wait for Jeffy
okay do it I don't know why you need my
approval gutter ball dude you suck man
drink your [ __ ] sanitizer hey guys
what' your dad say he said no did you
cry of course I did and he still didn't
give you the money no he told me I got
to sell my toys what sell your toys what
kind of toys would we sell that would
even make money from all these toys are
way too valuable well you could sell
that old eightball oh yeah you could
sell that eightball it doesn't work ever
since dared Joseph to drink the liquid
that was inside it dude you dare me to
drink something I'm going drink it no
matter what it is I'm going to go that
[ __ ] down well before we sell it I
think we should probably fill it up with
some kind of liquid so that it actually
works and it has to be a dark liquid so
it actually looks like the liquid inside
an eightball well I have this Coca-Cola
he could fill the eightball up with Coke
oh that would work all right Jeffy fill
the eight ball up with this so it
actually works okay all right guys I
filled the eightball full of coke well
shake it to make sure it works well hold
on hold on I think we should ask the
eightball if it wants to be sold for
cheese sticks good idea Junior should we
sell you for cheese
sticks as I see it yes I'll sell that
[ __ ] Jeffy all right dy I found
the toy I want to sell Dy Jeffy you have
thousands of toys and the only toy you
want to sell is a stupid eightball yeah
it's my eightball full of coke what why
are you calling it that well because the
eightball was missing the liquid out of
it so I filled it up with Coca-Cola
nobody's going to want to buy your
stupid toy full of soda well where do I
sell it at you can try to sell it at a
pawn shop I guess okay stop talking like
that officer Simmons officer guy get in
here hey sir me and Simmons are arguing
again so when we execute Somebody by
firing squad only one of us has a real
bullet right the rest of blanks that's
right see Simmons I told you we only get
one real bullet well can I have the real
bullet no you're not supposed to know
who has the real bullet that way you
don't feel bad for shooting someone oh I
won't feel bad I want to shoot someone
yeah see that's the problem sir I also
want to shoot someone so can we both
please get real bullets no no no that's
not how it works but sir if he's going
to die anyway we might as well shoot him
twice it' probably be quicker that way
yeah I'll shoot his head and I'll shoot
his heart it's a win-win look boys
that's not why I called you in here now
there's this pawn shop that we believe
has been buying and selling illegal
narcotics so we got a warrant from Judge
poy for you boys to go in there and put
a bug and whenever you hear them talking
about illegal activity you go into that
pawn shop and bust their asses well sir
are you sure we have a warrant from
Judge poy ask them yourself yes I
granted the warrant okay good it's
always good to have a warrant kids but
sir if we bust this pawn shop can me and
Simmons please get real bullets next
time we do a firing squad I'll think
about it you hear that Simmons he's
going to think about letting us shoot
somebody oh goody come
on hey welcome to Gary's goodies pawn
shop if we don't have it for the right
amount of money I can get it wait
doesn't a dolphin usually run this place
nah he runs the pawn shop across the
street so what can I get for you I have
Tom Brady's Super Bowl rings I have a
Dragon Ball I have the Pink Panther
diamond or I have this lovely Lady of
the night that's only been used twice by
me but for an extra search charge I can
wash it for you no I'm good wait a
minute you guys aren't cops are you
because your outfits look like cop
outfits no these are our Halloween
costumes it's February oh darn I thought
it was October well I guess we need a
calendar so we know what month it is all
right well let me go check the back to
see if we have any calendars quick
Simmons plant the bug man I'm really
glad we have these bug shaped
microphones we don't have any cies in
the back oh darn well I guess we'll
check Walmart thank you hey wait wait
wait wait wait you left your weird bug
shape thing on my counter oh you know
what you can keep it that's fine okay
[ __ ] more product for me all right
Simmons now we just have to sit here and
listen until we hear some illegal
activity going on hey welcome to Gary's
goodies pod shop if we don't have it for
the right amount of money I can get it
well I got something to sell okay what
you got to sell I got an eight balll of
coke holy [ __ ] a whole eight balll of
coke the street value of that's like
$350 so I could probably give you like
300 right now for it okay you hear that
Simmons he's straight up B buy an
eightball of cocaine from someone right
now we got them now let's see if they
admit to anything else all right kid let
me see the coke all right it's right
here in this eightball holy [ __ ] you're
telling me that eightball is filled to
the top with Coke yep all the way to the
top that's way more than 3 and 1/2 G
that that's going to be a whole ass
pound that's like $45,000 worth of coke
listen kid I'll give you 30 grand for
that right now okay I can buy a lot of
cheese sticks for that yes you could
holy [ __ ] he's selling a pound of
cocaine that's distribution and he said
he's going to buy cheese sticks for
$30,000 that must be some kind of new
street drug all right kid here's your 30
grand pleasure doing business with you
and hey if you would to borrow my lady
the night you can free a charge okay I
think I will I'm going to show her to my
daddy all right well I'm going to go
bust this bad boy open to get all the
coke out come on Simmons we got to go
bust him go go go go go go go uh Mike
can you unlock the door what it's not
locked it is locky I can't open it hold
on okay I'll unlock it I'm trying to
open it it won't open what you're you're
trying to open it as I'm pushing the
button no no but Simmons stop stop stop
just wait just wait I got it okay God
damn it all right time to pour my eight
ball of coke in in my father's Coke jaw
wait a minute what is this this isn't
Coke what is that like blackpaw
heroin I'm going to be rich freeze
you're under arrest for what for buying
a whole bunch of coke we heard the whole
thing we bugged the place yeah well I
didn't buy a whole eight ball of coke
because the eight ball was filled with
this weird brown liquid let me see that
oh that's Coca-Cola what you're telling
me that I just spent 30 grand on an
eight bowl of
cocacola yeah you did but Simmons this
means we can't arrest him cuz he didn't
actually buy any drugs yeah you jerk
wads the only way you'd be able to
arrest me is if I had an actual eight
ball of coke that look something like
that right there get over all right sir
we got him possession of cocaine right
here why is he crying because I just
spent
$30,000 on an eightball of
cocacola yeah some kid came in and
scammed him he gave him $30,000 and the
kid said he was going to spend it on
cheese sticks huh $30,000 for cheese
sticks that doesn't sound right it must
be some new kind of drug I need you
officers to investigate that well I got
paperwork and I got to put this in the
evidence drill I think I know where the
kid lives sir I'll take care of it so
what happens to me now oh you got a
meeting with Big Bob he's going to give
you a [ __ ] meat sandwich again all right
Daddy I sold my eightball toy at the
pawn shop yeah what they give you like
10 cents
$30,000 wait how Jeffy who's your friend
big Tia because she's got big titties
wait no Jeffy do does not make any sense
where did you get that doll the guy at
the pawn shop gave it to me when I sold
it my eightball wait wait wait wait this
is not making any sense why would the
pawn shop give you $330,000 in cash and
a doll for a broken eightball toy with
soda inside it I don't know the guy just
really wanted to Coke that was inside I
guess he was really thirsty baby this is
not making sense now if you'll excuse me
I have cheese sticks I have to go byy
with my friends wait wait hold on can I
have some of that money no cuz you
didn't believe in me come on baby big
tit what baby how did he get all that
money I don't know all right guys I got
$30,000 for cheese sticks that's a
little bit more than the $4.70 you
needed well come on guys let's go to the
bowling alley I'm buying the cheese
stick yeah wait dude who is her big Tia
yes she is
all right guys come on let's go to the
bowling alley wait I don't think she
want to go to the bowling alley I'm
going just go and show her the bathroom
floor all right wash her when you're
done hey there wait you can't just come
inside my house without a warrant oh man
you're right and I was just talking
about how important that is too uh can
we just pretend I have a warrant this is
really important no you better leave
unless you get a warrant okay judge pooy
can I have a warrant I'll allow it thank
you okay I have a warrant now I think
your son might be in big trouble me too
he's been acting very weird yeah and I
was doing a sting operation on a pawn
shop earlier and he came in and sold
this guy an eightball full of Coca-Cola
for
$330,000 yeah I know I don't that
doesn't make any sense to me yeah and
then he said he was going to spend that
money on cheese sticks and I'm worried
that might be something dangerous no
it's nothing dangerous he just wants to
buy cheese sticks from a bowling alley
wait a minute who goes to a bowling
alley just for cheese sticks that seems
fishy huh if only I knew what cheese
sticks really meant hold on let me check
the Urban Dictionary they know
everything okay this first thing says
cheese sticks are the best effing food
in the world I mean that's true but they
don't cost
$30,000 the second thing says it's a
code word used by gangsters that means
beer or alcohol okay but still alcohol
doesn't cost
$30,000 now this third thing says cheese
stick it says cheese stick means
unwashed penis oh God I'm so sorry to
have to inform you of this but I think
your son might be spending $30,000 on
unwashed penis no I don't think so I
think he's just going to the bowling
lanes to buy cheese sticks oh God and
he's going to the bowling alley where
all the unwashed penis hangs out no no
he just wants the food cheese sticks oh
God I really hope you're right okay I'm
just going to stay here and when he
comes back I'm going to smell his breath
Daddy I'm home and I brought that over
cheese sticks let me smell your
breath H I guess it kind of smells like
cheese stick but then again I don't
really know what unwashed penis smells
like here get a whiff let me see my God
it smells exactly the same it smells
like cheese stick but how because I took
one of the cheese sticks and rubbed it
all over my unwashed Wier oh well I
don't know I guess I consider this case
closed I was going to have a cheese
stick but I don't know which one he
rubbed on weener oh I already ate that
one oh great I guess I'll take this one
I dropped that one on the floor you know
what I'm not going to have any wait so
he gets to keep all the money he took
from the drug dealer yeah he didn't do
anything wrong and the drug dealer is
just stupid unless the drug dealer
decides to escape from jail and get his
revenge on Jeffy for scamming him
ooh no no that's probably not going to
happen we don't really do part twos
unless no no they they probably don't
want that unless you do H part two maybe
tell us I'm going to take one I don't
[Music]
care