so guys how was your fourth of July no
it was cool it blew stuff up yeah dude
it was awesome super colorful yeah but
Fourth of July is over so no more
fireworks well I do have all these
fireworks left over from the Fourth of
July whoa you have all these fireworks
left over oh dude you know we got a
pop-up well let's go baby let's go
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
just reminding everyone that lighting
fireworks after the 4th of July is
illegal so don't do it it's not worth
the punishment we can't pop fireworks
after the Fourth of July I guess that
does make sense if you can pop fireworks
every day then the Fourth of July isn't
special but we still popping these
flowers right of course we're still
popping the fireworks Joseph but no guys
we don't want to go to jail we're not
going to go to jail Cody how would the
cops know what popping fireworks yeah
how do they know dude well they have
Like Satellites like like NASA could
tell them NASA's not gonna waste their
time watching three kids pop fireworks
NASA's too busy trying to make sure the
sun doesn't explode they couldn't stop
the sun if it did explode and that's his
only job is to stop the Sun from
exploding what no how would they even do
that NASA stands for not allowing Sun
exploding exploding starts with an e no
it's called exploding because when the
sun explodes it's so astronomically big
it's called exploding exploding is not a
word look it up it is a real word
because ax body spray is sponsoring the
sun exploding but no one get body spray
when the sun explodes then why are they
sponsor it Cody let's just do the
fireworks all right guys you ready to
light this firework oh yeah dude the
fact that it's illegal makes me feel so
naughty light it Cody hi
you guys don't touch my dad's lawn okay
light it Cody because then then I'll get
in trouble what
oh my God
I said don't touch my dad's lawn because
I'll get in trouble We're Not Gonna
touch his lawn we're in the middle of
the road dude yeah so my dad put me on
neighborhood watch just to make sure
nobody touches his lawn
so wait
till we're about to light this firework
you're gonna light a firework after the
Fourth of July but that's illegal yeah
well we're gonna do it anyway light it
Cody but but what if you get caught well
then we'll blame you and say you're the
one that Lit it but if you do that I'll
call the cops all right listen it's
illegal to light fireworks outside right
so maybe it's not illegal to light it
inside a house so if you let it if you
let us light it inside your house maybe
we won't get in trouble really it's not
illegal to light in someone's house and
you don't lie to him I don't think it's
illegal to lie to someone else if you
light it inside a house no one will know
you did it right yeah it's like a
private viewing dude yeah oh wow you
know what pardon my French but what the
heck come on guys you're gonna live
blood inside your house heck yeah let's
go
hey he's an idiot
all right guys be quiet my parents slay
bad okay
the kitchen should be a good place to
light it Junior we should tell him his
house could burn down no he's an idiot
he's actually letting us light it in his
house just light it Cody light it okay
everyone back up
okay
oh wow look it's so pretty yeah it is I
think it might be hitting my ceiling
yeah it is
uh Jimmy we should get out of here where
are you guys going
honey that's the fire alarm oh no we
gotta save my best line of the Year
trophies what about our children you go
get the kids and I'll get my trophies
all right
that was so cool guys oh dude that kid's
an idiot Junior you could have burned
that kid's house down well it would have
been his fault because he's the one who
let us do it well Junior you know how
gullible he is you took advantage of his
innocence oh look it looked cool didn't
it Cody well it did look cool but it was
wrong Junior it was very wrong well it
looks like the cause of all the smoke
was this firework that was lit in the
kitchen yeah we already knew that oh
well I would suggest not doing that
again because he could have burnt the
house down you hear that Timmy you
almost burnt the god damn house down you
[ __ ] honey language yo [ __ ] that
Timmy [ __ ] dude over here almost
caused a big [ __ ] up in the kitchen
's weapons your [ __ ] brother Timmy
over there with a firework in the
kitchen almost burned down the goddamn
house it wasn't me father I swear woman
who was it it was it was the three
handsome neighbor boys across the street
well they get in the house I don't know
they they broke in you hear that three
boys across the street broke into my
house and with a firework in my goddamn
kitchen well in that case it looks like
I have to make an arrest let me go put
my cop outfit on Timmy since you didn't
do it you're not grounded yeah
all right guys what do you want to do
for the rest of the night we could pop
the rest of those fireworks we left
outside we could do that all right kids
you might be under arrest it was them
dad Timmy you [ __ ] narc because you
kissed a lot of [ __ ] firework in my
kitchen well I mean yeah but Timmy said
we could do it no no I didn't mean liar
all right that's assault and I guess you
kids are under arrest you come with me
Timmy I hate you
order
and today we will be hearing the case of
a most heinous crime Junior Joseph and
Cody apparently you broke into Mr
huckadoo's home and lit a firework after
the 4th of July and then ran away like a
bunch of rudelums so tell me why you did
it tell me why you're guilty look your
honor we did do it dude I'm not supposed
to admit it yeah dude what's wrong with
you look we did do it but the hucker do
son Timmy he's the one who led us in the
house and said we could light the
firework in their kitchen hmm Mr hakudu
does this sound like something your son
would do
do anything like that he's an always
student he never breaks the rules sounds
like a real Square to me oh I bet he's
fun at parties Junior Joseph and Cody if
his son is a square what shape are you
uh a circle like a rhombus pentagon look
your honor Mr hucker dude does not know
how much of a not Square his son really
is bringing the Sun
squareness Timmy get your ass in here
what's going on Dad the judge wants to
speak to you one two three four quarters
Square squaresville listen kid did you
let those boys into your house to light
a firework in your kitchen and I'm
warning you don't lie to me I don't like
liars have you ever heard of liar liar
pants on fire we can make that literal
go on son tell the judge the same thing
you told me
before you answer look into my eyes and
swear on your father's life that would
you about to say to me is the truth I
swear on my phone mother's life that I
die
I did let them in so they could let the
firework in the kitchen tell me how
could you your little blonde ass is
grounded I see so you are not guilty of
being a square but you are guilty you're
breaking your father's rules which is
not actually a crime but it does deserve
a spanking Junior Joseph and Cody you
still it's a firework after the 4th of
July which we all know is a very serious
crime punishable by death well why is it
even wrong to light a firework after the
Fourth of July anyway because you scare
my dog and it wakes up old people we
have
but fireworks are fun oh really is there
anything fun about this
so fun
wait judge you just lit a firework so
you just broke the law you're right my
God I forgot my father so many things
away from me oh God what he's crying
dude yeah his dad died from light and
fireworks after the Fourth of July I
can't sentence you boys to death after I
committed the same crime as you how
about this how about we call it even
Stevens is that okay I'll just let you
offer the warning this time yeah sure
all right no these kids need to be
punished for what they did in my kitchen
and for ruining my little Timmy oh my
God Hank stop being such a square I
sentence you to take a chill pill damn
you can't keep letting people get away
without punishment oh looky here Hank
look what I have found you have an
unpaid parking ticket from 2004 so I
could suspend your license for a year or
you could quit being a little [ __ ] and
pull the stick out of your ass Hank how
about that come on Timmy we gotta go I
can't lose my license because I have to
be able to drive you to soccer practice
whereas the Italians call it football
all right kids run along but never liked
another firework after the 4th of July
again unless it's on New Year's Eve that
would be fine court adjourned come on
guys let's go where you going Cody no
sorry well guys that was really close we
really dodged a bullet there we just get
by by the hairs of our chinny chin chins
just by the skin of our teeth teeth
don't have skin Cody well I don't know
that's just how the saying goes but look
my point is we almost went to jail so we
shouldn't do stupid stuff anymore okay
Cody we'll just sit on the couch and be
boring hey guys what are you doing here
yeah what are you doing here yeah what
are you
well I I just
say say it shouldn't they just came by
to say that I'm sorry for lying and
almost getting you guys sent to jail for
the death penalty well you're stupid
because you snitched on us Junior it was
our fault but he snitched well then he
unsnitched okay whatever Timmy just
leave oh thanks so you guys want to come
over to my place and Play Seven Minutes
in Heaven yes no you you're grounded
young man so you get that little Caboose
behind this train and you tell your
friends see you later alligator after a
while crocodile gotta go Buffalo see you
soon raccoon be sweet parakeet take care
polar bear in a shake garter snake hit
the road Happy Toad can't stay blue jay
bye bye butterfly give me a hug ladybug
toodaloo kangaroo time to scoot little
new till then penguin okay I think you
guys should just leave all right adios
hippos that one wasn't even good hasta
manana iguana okay so guys what do you
want to do tonight since we can't do
anything fun let's go and pop them
fireworks yeah let's go pop up you guys
[Music]