hey Jonathan mama's having a yard sale
to pay for an operation you got anything
I can
sell Jonathan damn it he's sleeping I
guess I'll just grab whatever I want
what about this Hulk nah oh what's
this oo nudy mags I can get a lot of
money for
that thanks
Jonathan oh oh sui I thought you left
don't ever leave me you know Daddy take
takes really good care of you I'll give
those eye holes a rest I'll just read
one of my nudie mags so which magazine
should I look at today wait where's my
magazines there is just right here Suki
did you take my magazines don't you lie
at me oh Mom yard sale everything's for
sale a dude there's a yard sale oh they
have to have good stuff here like this
oh they have a comb I always wanted a
comb Joseph you can't use a comb you're
bald dang it why do you have to be right
oo Junior look cleaning supplies of
course you want cleaning supplies you're
a woman at your natural instinct shut up
junior bro bro bro check this out they
have nudie mags whoa who is that she's
so hot Junior stop looking at that what
are these it's Playboy you never heard
of Playboy the women get naked in the
magazine you're telling me if I buy this
magazine I get to see her naked yeah
dude they're in their birthday suit not
their bathing suits Junior if you buy
that I'm breaking up with you okay okay
fine I won't buy it okay let's go dude
Joseph go distractor oh okay I got you I
got you Hey panelope ow that hurt tag
you're it that's it I'm going to get you
how much for all these nudie mags $200 I
only have $14 sold but be careful you
might cut your hand on it and some of
the pages stick together oh because
they're so old yeah that or maybe
because my son spanked it too much okay
so I can have all these magazines yeah
take them oh my God I get to see her
naked 10 11 12 13 um excuse me ma'am but
how much for this baseball 100 bucks cuz
it was signed by a famous baseball
player who's it signed by who do you
wanted to be signed by uh babe wol oh
well that's who signed it it is yeah
just give him a minute how's your day
going kid uh pretty good I guess good
all right here baseball sign by Baby
Ruth 100 bucks oh no freaking way bro
all right well then [ __ ] you come on Mom
Mom have you seen my NY ma yeah I just
sold it for $14 you what what you using
them they were sitting under your bed
all crusty that's where I keep him you
know that and I made him crusty well you
can always buy new ones cuz you know
mama needs the money for that new
procedure I can't but you would say
were're limited edition well my new tits
are going to be limited edition where
did they go they went that way hey come
back here oh man I can't believe I have
all these Playboy magazines and I get to
see her naked oh dude dud dude
Penelope's coming help me hide the
magazines tag you're it oh I don't want
to play tag oh you're just mad because I
got you you're right I'm such a sore
loser well Junior do you want to watch a
movie we can get under the no no no I
don't want to watch a movie with you why
not because you smell bad you've been
playing outside what you're a boy boys
smell bad well you smell like old dry
period what yeah so go home and take a
shower then come back we'll watch a
movie no Junior once I leave I'm gone
bye oh I hate you all right Joseph look
I have the Holy Grail of naked magazines
oh no way you own all of these yeah I
only had to pay $14 oh that's a sweet
deal and I finally get to see this girl
naked this is a Hooters Edition oh it's
scratch and sniff oh it's scratch and
sniff Yeah scratch and sniff oh it
smells like fish yeah oo I love it o
this I'm keeping this one damn damn
damn Junior sh B's coming hide him hide
him hide him hide him hide him hide hide
him Junior yeah shpb did you steal $14
out of my wallet no Junior don't lie to
me that is 3 years pay I need my money
to ROM dead Pockets where my [ __ ] at run
the pocket fool well I did not steal
your $14 Chef peee I borrowed it what
did you buy with my $14 uh promise me
you don't get mad if I just tell you I I
promise I won't get mad what did you buy
I bought this blanket I know you did not
buy a damn blanket with my money you
need damn blanket damn damn damn damn
Dam dam damn Dam
dam where did you get all this from uh I
bought it from a garage sale and and I I
use the $4 please don't tell my dad you
know what I won't tell your dad if I get
to keep this Pam andison Edition
pandemonium that's me and Joseph's
favorite oh it's my favorite now and I'm
keeping it no that's the one I wanted a
dude SHP took the best one don't worry
Joseph there's probably better ones a
this one's lame she's in a bikini I need
four nity the big boobies hey guys what
are you doing okay Jeffy don't tell
anyone but I bought these naked
magazines at a yard sale wait these
girls in these magazines get naked I
think so that's what I was told oh dibs
on this one no no no no that's my
girlfriend I want to see her oh no
Junior check this one out oh my is she
naked oh Bush like a porcupine Junior
check it out who is he oh my God yeah
looks like she's smuggling a feret
Joseph you have to come see this oh dude
let me check it out damn she is so hot
do you think all girls like look like
this not all of them oh my god well well
take this one down that one's mine I
don't want you seeing her all right well
which one can I have you can pick from
any of these but this one is mine all
right um
no the twins dibs on the twins Junior a
lucky all right don't get caught with
that Jeffy come on come on J let's take
these to my room okay
bro there's just no customers today how
am I going to afford my new tits now
excuse me ma'am whose ass has this
pickle been in whose ass do you want it
to be in oh Simmons that's right ma'am I
came by to see if you're operating with
a business license cuz if not I'm going
to have to shut you down oh no Mr aaer I
don't have no biscuit license I guess
you're going to have to take me in the
back of your cop car and bend me the
hell over up right away man' oh Joseph
these are the hottest magazines I've
ever seen I know dude they're so hot how
much do you think these girls got paid
to do this oh dude not enough not enough
oh oh there's someone at the door come
on let's answer let's how are you dude
hello hey um you would have happened to
have B any Duty makes from your sh did
you uh no never what's your NY man yeah
we're not even old enough to look at
those wait then why are your eyes
dilated we were playing ice spy in the
dark wait let me feel your hands sticky
where my n
Bag my magazines oh I miss you so much
my
babies oh marah Defan you didn't take
your under up for them did you hey these
are our magazines now we pay $14 for
them yeah we pay Fair Square they're
ours [ __ ] these are worth at least
$400 well $200 since they're heavily
used all right listen I'm at least going
to keep this one she's hot Capri my baby
what about this one she has big boobs
you saw her boobies you know what no you
ladies are coming home with me come on
ladies but no we pay good money for them
you only riched them they were never
yours but I love Capri yeah whatever oh
I miss you lady so much oh never let you
out of my sight again wait where's the
Pamela innocent one I know I hadit A P
inocent one where is she oh I'll thank
you B thank you for taking me to Arby's
for dinner Marvin they have the meats
yeah their roast beef sandwiches are
good speaking of roast beef sandwiches I
got two of them smacking together on
page 47 Jeffy what are you looking at
boobies what Jeffy what what they're
twins which means they're sisters which
means what they're doing on page 47 is
in chest why would they do that Jeffy
you're not supposed to be looking at
stuff like that Marvin he's 19 years old
well well I don't want him looking at
stuff like this so well I'm looking no
I'm going to take this and put it in the
bathroom so no one else can look at it
wait a second hey come back here Marvin
and give me that magazine I was going to
rip it up in tiny pieces and throw it in
the trash can no you weren't Marvin I
was going to flush it down the toilet no
you weren't Marvin I was going to put it
in the bathtub and fill it up and see if
it dissolved with the water no you weren
wen't Marvin I was going to try to put
it in the air vent so it came out the
chimney no you weren't Marvin give me
that magazine give it to me give it to
me mine oh I wanted that magazine too
bad there's someone at the door you
should go answer that no we'll go answer
come on oh the twins hello have you seen
my P aners magazine the twins I can't
believe I forgot about you ladies wait
this is your magazine yeah it was stolen
from me at a y sale oh well here you go
you can can have it back thank you so
much ma'am oh I wanted that magazine too
bad Marvin have you guys seen my Pamela
Anderson magazine there's a p magazine
I'll find it no let I find it first hey
oh baby you looking so damn good in this
bubblegum pink bikini the things that I
would do to you o I found your no I
found her
first oh boys are weird get away from
Pamela She's Mine no she's mine She's
Mine give her back or I'll stab you damn
you can have her I'll finish with her
anyway thank goodness oh come on P you
know I always take a finish on your
cover a
gross no p
[Music]