m m this mac and cheese looks good but I
want to make it a little spicy good
thing I went online and ordered some
Colombian papika ooh come here with your
delicious looking ass I know this going
to be
good got to pop that off and get the
pouring I didn't know paprika was this
green though it's going to be
delicious oh man that looks so delicious
who can cook better than peee nobody can
oh Junior and your stupid bre friends
you're m cheese is ready oh man guys I
can't wait to eat mac and cheese what
what is this green mac and cheese I
think it's green beans I don't let my
green beans better that's a bad Jeffy
impression Joseph I know Chef peep you
said you made us mac and cheese not
green beans it's not green beans stupid
it's mac and cheese with Colombian
Paprika in it paprika isn't green green
mac and cheese that's so cool yeah dude
who cares maybe it's good for you yeah
maybe since it's green like a vegetable
it'll actually be good for us let's eat
it guys
I don't feel good that was some pretty
[ __ ] mac and cheese Junior yeah I don't
think shfp should use paprika next time
I don't think that was paprika oh dude I
got the bubble guts oh my stomach I got
a poop oh yeah me too oh on me three
[Music]
I don't feel good I'm going to go lay
down on the couch me do guys guys come
back I can't move what's wrong Joseph
dude I can't move my arms or my legs am
I paralyzed oh dude I'm paralyzed hold
on I'll just drag you whoa Joseph what
the [ __ ] what the hell's wrong with my
arm why are you stretching I don't know
dude come on I'll just drag you Junior
you got to see this [ __ ] Joseph's all
stretchy what wao Junior you're green
I'm green yeah you look like the
incredible h at the jelly Green Giant or
something dude that's cool as hell and
all but I'm over here paralyzed and
stretchy yeah look he's stretchy but why
is he so stretchy I don't know but am I
going to be paralyzed forever yeah I
think so Joseph oh no relax I'm just
pulling your leg that good ass joke dude
with your lame ass well wait a minute
wait a minute guys do you think there's
a possibility that we have superpowers
three of us yeah I think we have
superpowers three of us all three of us
might have superpowers because Joseph's
stretchy and paralyzed and I'm I'm just
green that's all I am well maybe if you
get really mad you like turn into the
Incredible Hulk oh make me mad um well
you're an idiot and your bib looks
stupid that's dumb that's not going to
make me mad Cody you ain't got no mama
okay wait a minute I ain't got no Mama
you ain't got no Mama you ain't got no
Daddy you wear a stupid basketball shirt
you'll never make the NBA especially
since you're paralyzed now and you're
broke broke
boy am I they Incredible Hulk no you're
just mean you're just a big green meanie
just hurt my feelings if I could walk I
just run away okay wait a minute so
you're just telling me my superpower is
just being green yeah maybe you could
get a job as a background character for
movies being a green screen well you
don't even have a power Cody what's your
power I I don't know I don't know what
my power is you don't have a power he
doesn't have a power he doesn't have a
power you don't got a power look at him
look he ran away he couldn't handle that
he didn't have a power I would run away
if I didn't have pow what are you guys
talking about I'm right here Cody where
you at where's lame ass at I'm right in
front of you guys you're behind the
couch aren't you trying to hide guys I'm
right here wait Cody are you invisible
wait a minute I'm invisible no way he
got a power like that and I'm over here
paralyzed as hell wait that means you
guys can't see me where you at Cody wait
wait what are you doing to my shorts let
me see it junior is it green did it get
bigger get off me Cody dud dud dude what
what I feel something what is it guys
Joseph's balls are so stretchy oh get
them off me get off me we ass get off of
him Cody don't touch me Junior don't
touch us okay listen guys we have to be
serious look we ate that green mac and
cheese Joseph is stretchy and paralyzed
I'm just green and Cody you're invisible
right right Cody
Cody where'd he go I don't know I'm
paralyzed Cody where'd you go Cody Cody
oh man now I got to clean up this mess
God o wait wait wait what was that Chef
B wait is that a ghost oh no chef B it's
me wait let go of me let my ass go Phil
is that you stop it please I thought you
were dead no it's me the ghost of
Michael Jackson who wait Michael Jackson
be Michael Jackson in my kitchen p PE
kitchen no way I thought you'd be at a
kids house or something well I can just
kind of come and go wherever I want oh
that's pretty hard that's pretty hard
but wait prove it you're not Michael
Jackson Billy Jean is not my lover oh oh
man that's really m m really in my
kitchen oh you know how to sing a song
yeah it's really me wait wait wait hey I
got a question are you black or white
Michael Jackson in heaven uh up here I
can be whichever one I want I switch
back and forth oo that's pretty hard you
got skills my [ __ ] okay yeah well I'm
here for a reason Chef peee you want to
get into heaven right yeah I need you to
bend over wait wait what what the hell
are you talking about M you Wilding my
boy well you know all that stuff about
me diddling people yeah I heard about it
yeah well all that was true I I honestly
don't know how they even let me into
heaven but me and God are really tight
because he's a big Thriller fan so uh he
lets me decide who gets into heaven so I
need you to bend over oh Mike Mike come
on Mike Mike Mike I mean usually I you
know beat it just beat it but you know
nothing beats the real thing right so I
really need this damn Mike oh don't no
Mike look look you you a ghost and all
so maybe I won't feel it or anything
like that no you're you're going to feel
it oh Jesus oh Mike look well you're
Michael Jackson so I understand you know
you famous and all and you're a ghost
and I want to get into heaven so only
for heaven oh yeah Cody where did you go
oh hey hey Junior but Cody where did you
go I just went downstairs for a piece of
ass I mean cake cake I didn't know Chef
PE had cake in the kitchen oh Chef pe's
got a lot of cake fudge well I want a
piece of the cake I don't think he's
going to give it to you not unless
you're like Michael Jackson or some [ __ ]
what I don't know Junior but I'm telling
you this is the best super power I've
ever had a little bit better than when I
could transform into things well listen
Cody this is a serious problem we got to
figure out what's going on so turn
visible and get back on the couch okay
all right guys we got to find a way to
fix this fix this I'm having the time of
my life over here glad you're having a
blast dude while I'm over here planking
all day yeah I mean listen Cody you're
the only one wait why are you shirtless
oh well uh being invisible makes you
really hot and I was getting overheated
I don't even know why I took my shirt
off shef peipi couldn't even see my abs
what I mean when I was eating cake and I
was eating cake from behind well listen
I think we need to call a doctor cuz
look at Jose he has no bones and if he
had bones then his stretching would
actually be Cody where'd you go no don't
worry I'm here Cody why why' you turn
invisible don't worry about it it's fun
to be invisible just um keep talking
okay what the [ __ ] Cody put it away okay
listen Joseph if Joseph actually could
move his stretchiness would be a really
cool Power I know and me being green I
have to be more than just green so I
think if we call a doctor maybe he can
fix the little tiny things that are
wrong with us like like what's wrong
with your head right Cody what what are
you talking about there's something
mentally wrong with you cuz you're using
your invisible for bad oh okay listen
I'm going to call a doctor you stay
right here okay Cody okay I'm saying
right here okay hey there somebody call
a doctor you're green yeah doctor me and
my two friends need help wait two
friends I only see one
ooh what the hell was that it's me the
ghost of mach7
macho man you are my childhood hero yeah
well macho man needs you to bend over
and give me them ass cheeks but but why
Macho Man well you want to get into
heaven don't you oh yeah of course I do
then I get you for 3 minutes 3 minutes
of playtime I'm going to give you the
cream of my crop okay Mr Randy Savage
Cody knock it off yeah CH out dude what
Cody yeah our friend Cody's invisible
sorry about that I had to try well I
understand I do have a dumpy but still
using macho man just to get some ass is
pretty low listen doctor me and my two
friends we ate green mac and cheese and
now we all have superpowers well he's
invisible but what are your powers well
Joseph I'm a vegetable listen he's
really stretchy stretch his arm oh let
me see oh that's cool yeah it's really
cool what's your power oh me I'm uh um I
uh I'm he's green so he's useless I'm
green being green is not a power well it
is a power look it always happens this
way I start off with a real daily lame
power and then at the end I have the
coolest power of them all well what's
your cool Power um I don't know yet that
that's why you're here because we were
seeing if you could possibly give Joseph
bones so he could walk around and be
stretchy I can't just give him Bones
well can you please give me a wheelchair
or something [ __ ] damn no no
wheelchairs are expensive well can you
do a blood test and find out what
superpower I have there's no blood test
for superpowers your friend's invisible
I'm assuming you guys have powers so
then what should we do doctor well if I
was you guys I'd go fight crime fight
crime hm you want to fight crime Joseph
how am I supposed to fight crime and I
can't move dude um Cody you want to
fight crime Cody Co come on Cody where'd
you go I'm just kidding I'm right here
guys oh thank God you think we should
fight crime Cody yeah let's go lick some
bad guy ass I mean kick some bad guy ass
okay all right let's go kick some butt
uh who's going to like drag me there or
something oh I I got you buddy okay
finally la la la la la just walking
outside alone with my purse with lots of
money in it hey give me a P oh no don't
take my part I'm taking it unhand her
fiend and who are you supposed to be
yeah I'm I I'm I'm Green Man okay what
are your powers I uh I call my friends
for help Cody throw Joseph at him
[Music]
okay he was supposed to hit you well he
didn't so what are you going to do now
you booger
o what is that is that a ghost it's me
the ghost of Arnold schwarzer
H schw ner give her a purse back we
going to terminate your ass cheeks oh no
what's he doing to me give her a purse
back there you go you can have it make
him stop please you guys are [ __ ]
weird Cody please stop I'm almost dead
hold on make him
stop uh Joseph your foot fell off I know
dude You Yank too hard oh okay well guys
we save that lady's purse I saved that
lady's purse Schwarzenegger isn't even
dead I can't believe that guy just bent
over I don't think he willingly bent
over Cody okay well maybe you're right
but he was a bad guy so it's only fair
you know and eye for an eye or a hole
for a hole Cody you need to start using
your powers for good oh it was good it
was real [ __ ] good no Cody like I
mean you should start doing good deeds
with your invisible Powers okay like
what uh you could help old ladies carry
their groceries okay and when some old
lady sees her groceries floating next to
her that's going to scare the [ __ ] out
of her okay you could uh walk around
Walmart like a secret shopper and make
sure people aren't stealing a secret
Shopper okay I'll just go to Walmart and
walk around and do the same job as a
security camera okay you could ride on
airplanes and like people can't see you
so you can see if they're going to try
to hijack the plane that's called an air
marshal and it already exists and it's
actually probably better that they are
visible because it scares people into
not doing that okay well you could ride
around in taxis in New York City and
make sure they're not overcharging
people for rides Junior face it the only
thing you can do with invisibility
Powers is bad [ __ ] like I could rob
banks I could go anywhere I want in the
entire world I could go after the
president if I wanted to okay I'm I'm
not going to let you kill the president
I never said anything about killing him
you know what I'm going to do to him
well I can't let you do that what what
is the stance you're doing it's the I'm
about to kick your ass dance okay well
then do it then green boy oh you're not
going to like
this what what is that what are you
doing I was hoping I had like Spider-Man
webs well you don't okay okay how about
this now what are you doing I was hoping
a bunch of bumblebees would fly out of
my mouth oh that'd be cool yeah um how
about oh is that laser eyes we already
did laser eyes you're right um oh how
about
this is that is that the stanky leg no
I'm I'm trying dude is why I watching
you from here hold on you're about to
see my
power what why are you jumping I was
hoping I had like super super Leap Frog
super super Leap Frog like like like I
could jump like a frog super high could
have said that the first time I listen
I'm trying to find my Powers look I'm
like Deadpool I'm going to my my powers
are going to mutate and you guys are
going to be so jealous face it Junior
you're just a miserable little no Mama
no powers having an ass [ __ ] you take
that back no no it's true Junior
whenever Jeffy came around you were old
hat nobody cared about Junior videos
anymore just look at the views on those
Jeffy videos that's it Cody you took it
too far you think my video views are bad
what about Cody videos what about Ken
videos nobody give a [ __ ] about Ken and
whatever happened to Timmy remember that
nobody gave a [ __ ] about that you want
to my view about jmy we do just fine we
would have got Su but J
so gross oh God it bur
everywh God that hurts so bad yeah dude
I'm in so much pain oh oh Junior you're
not green anymore I'm not no you
exploded and your slime went all over me
was that just a dream I had last night
anyway now I'm in the mood for some more
ass cheeks I'm going to turn invisible
and go see chef peee again I love being
invisible uh you see that Joseph he
didn't turn invisible dude I can walk
again you see this wait are you still
stretchy I don't know dude ow ow you're
yanking my arm it herts Oh I thought you
were stretchy but guys that means we all
lost our superpowers three of us lost
our superpowers dude you didn't have a
superpower well I mean I was green and
you saw me explode at the end I had
slime I could blow up and be like slimy
but I guess it only happens once that
was a waste of a power dude yeah they I
always get the lame powers who's going
to heaven I'm going to heaven who's
going to heaven I'm going to heaven
guaranteed oh come on Michael come on Mr
Jackson not anymore yes Michael Jackson
wants more I'm already guaranteed to go
to heaven though yeah but I'm not done
yet look look be gentle this time Mike
wait wait Cody what the hell I'm not
Cody I'm Michael Jackson Cody what the
hell are you talking about you are right
here I can see you you can see me yes I
can see you I have eyes oh well nice
tattoo of Crunk from emperor New Groove
on your butt by the way how the hell do
you know about that uh Michael Jackson
told me God so damn
weird wait wait what the hell does this
say caution has of this
material wait this isn't my paprika who
the hell got my
paprika at last my nuclear reactor is
almost complete now for the final
ingredients the plutonium here it is
what paprika this is not plutonium who
has my plutonium no
[Music]