so guys what do you want to do today
actually guys and girl i invited
penelope hi guys what are you doing here
peanut lobe oh so much estrogen in the
room we don't want you here cody i told
you i shouldn't have come yeah i don't
know what i expected junior i thought
you liked her of course i like penelope
she's the love of my life but i can't be
nice to her in front of the boys i got
to be mean ew cooties cooties you're
disgusting get out of here with your
orange hair junior you have orange hair
she's right dude
well we don't like long orange hair so
leave yeah junior shut up oh okay fine
guys what are we all gonna do well why
don't we ask penelope what she wants to
do ooh
we don't want to do makeup we don't want
to do our nails we don't want to play
barbies i was going to say that we
should watch my favorite show love beach
we don't want to watch a chick show but
there's the sexiest lifeguard ever on
that show ooh sexy lifeguard i think we
should watch it well how about you and
penelope watch it me and joseph will
find something else to do there's hot
girls on there too hot girls
okay we'll watch it turn it on channel
seven
you're watching love beach
[Applause]
oh my god that woman's drowning don't
worry ma'am me and my gorgeous looks
will save you
oh my god he's so sexy
oh don't worry i know i am oh my god
you're so
hot you're not too bad yourself my
name's brad with a big d oh my name's
brandy with double d's hey can i get
your snapchat
of course
i know you're hot but i still need help
yeah yeah that's my snap just hit me up
and maybe we can hook up sometime yeah
for sure for sure damn she was fine wait
what was i doing oh yeah ma'am i'm
coming to save you
oh i think she's dead but i'm still hot
i'm gonna go hit up that girl he's so
sexy yeah he is not as sexy as steve
harvey what are you talking about the
blonde girl is super hot no junior brad
is the hottest character on that show
how because he has the perfect teeth
yeah his teeth are perfect who cares
about teeth the blonde girl has cans a
smile is the most important part about a
guy junior well i can smile
bro don't hurt yourself i don't know
junior i think you need teeth to have
the perfect smile i don't have teeth i
know that's why you'll never be hot yeah
junior why do you think i brush these
puppies once a week
once a week
um maybe a little less yellow
so if i had teeth i would be i would be
hot um yeah
so guys i'm not hot well you're hot to
me but it's not your face i'm looking at
joseph our teeth important yeah dude oh
i can't wait to get my braces off then
i'll have a smile like steve harvey i
want to smile like steve harvey with
cody why don't i have teeth i don't know
junior some people are just born without
teeth you know like turtles i'm not a
turtle anymore i'm a human so how do i
get teeth i don't know just maybe call a
dentist i did this that's gonna be
expensive let me go ask my dad if he can
call me a dentist dad dad dad not right
now junior watching zoey 101. do you
have teeth what kind of stupid question
is that of course i have teeth look at
my pearly whites
why do you have teeth i don't have teeth
wait you don't
oh you're a toothless freak
everybody's around the toothless freak
over here
only 25 cents to see you oh dad why
don't i have teeth i don't know maybe
your mom drunk while she was pregnant
with you or something she did i don't
know that lady was crazy she couldn't
give up the party life now i'm stuck
with you what dad can i call the dentist
and ask to get teeth put in my mouth
yeah you can do whatever you want
doesn't mean i'ma pay for it you're not
gonna pay for it no i'm not gonna pay
for it i'm not rich i'm broke look you
can pay for it you're grown man right
handle business
okay dad now back to my zoe
what's wrong buddy what'd your dad say
he said he won't pay for me to get new
teeth well i don't really blame them
junior teeth are expensive you know
veneers cost over a thousand dollars per
tooth and there are 32 teeth on the
human mouth so that's over 30 thousand
dollars and the average income in
florida where we live is 27 000 so that
would take you over a year just to get
enough money to get new teeth and this
video is only supposed to be 10 minutes
so we got to get this [ __ ] moving dog
yeah yeah see they're pretty expensive i
think we should find cheaper options you
said it'd be 30 000 for me to get new
teeth yeah well why don't we just ask
our good old buddy chef pee pee for the
money you mean our good old very broke
buddy chef pee pee he's not that broke
look i promise you he'll give me the
money for the teeth let me go ask him
hey chef pee pee
the carrots are cooking
can i borrow 30 000 for new teeth damn
30 000 why do you even need new teeth
just be like chef pee pee i don't have
teeth i'm perfectly fine you don't have
teeth nope and i'm perfectly fine
well this girl said i would be hot if i
had teeth look women lie all the time
junior first she's gonna want you to get
new teeth then she's gonna want you to
get six-pack abs then she's gonna want
you to be six feet tall look just focus
on yourself king live your life live
your beautiful life
so you're not gonna give me the money i
don't have the money right now bro dang
okay
what's wrong now
[Laughter]
what do you say junior chef people say
it doesn't have 30 000 to give me here
we go
i don't know why you thought he had that
much money junior's just a chef and
chefs united states only make about
fifty thousand dollars a year and chef
pee pee probably makes less than that
because he's really just a slave for
your dad so he probably only makes
pennies a day and even if he did make
that much i don't know why he'd give you
his entire yearly salary just for you to
get teeth when he doesn't have teeth
himself because really we're all just
puppets being controlled by humans
floating on a piece of rock and space in
one of a trillion galaxies and never
expanding universe that'll one day
collapse and die in a heat death so we
could all just enjoy all the time we
have on earth while we can't [ __ ]
you should really just call a dentist
okay how about i call a dentist and just
see how much it is i just i really
wanted to have the thirty thousand
dollars waiting for him but i'll just
call dennis and see if there's cheaper
options hey there somebody call an
at-home dentist god i wish these existed
yeah we have a teeth problem what is it
this kid's teeth because damn those are
gross your teeth look like pieces of
corn well no it's me see i don't have
teeth what are you using this kid's
brushing habits okay i don't need to
hear this so i won't no it's just i
don't have teeth and i was wondering
like you know if i could get fake teeth
well a full set of veneers is gonna cost
you about thirty thousand dollars i
don't have thirty thousand dollars okay
then duel me blue eyes white dragon wow
wow
that's what a blue ice white dragon
sounds like beat that what i don't have
yu-gi-oh cards you lose no free teeth
for you looks like you just suck at
yu-gi-oh but i don't have yu-gi-oh cards
yeah you suck i win like i always do
because nobody ever has yu-gi-oh cards
okay so what is the cheapest option for
teeth the cheapest option was to duel me
but you already lost that oh okay what
are the cheapest option above that well
i guess the cheaper option would be i
could go to a cemetery dig up a body
pull its teeth out and then put them in
your mouth okay how much would that cost
well look man you just give me a shovel
and i'll get to town okay i i've always
wanted to be a grave robber well there's
a shovel downstairs just go grab it okay
awesome hold still and done
oh my god oh no what have i done how's
it look joseph hmm
what's wrong dude it looks so terrifying
it's terrifying yeah i mean you look
like you have a dead person's teeth in
your mouth so i'm not hot no you look
like a nightmare look can someone please
just call penelope so she can tell me if
it looks good wait my daughter penelope
yeah she's the only reason i'm doing
this okay yeah i'll call her so she
never talks to boys ever again penelope
what do you want dad this thing wants to
talk to you hey penelope do you like my
smile
hey i think she's into you your little
lady killer you because you do look like
you kill ladies and eat them and wear
their face on your face is it that bad
oh yeah i don't know how we thought this
was a good idea well it was just the
cheapest option i just want pretty teeth
okay look i can understand that you want
to have good teeth and as a dentist i
respect that so i went to party city and
i got you a whole bunch of silly teeth
you can try really yeah let me go get
them all right try those bad boys out
how do i look you know you look like
your name is rufus what joseph are they
good uh looks like you sleep with your
sister dude well i mean penelope does
have orange hair so we could be brother
and sister no no no no i got my wiener
snipped when i was born so i can't have
any more kids oh wait no that was a
circumcision not a vasectomy oh god i
might have so many kids out there
somewhere i'm so stupid do you think
penelope will like these teeth no i
think we should try something else okay
i mean you're the dentist let's try
something else hold still and bam check
these out these are bad ass you look
like a great white shark how do i look
joseph dude you look so sick i feel like
i just want to bite everything like i
want to bite everything oh god oh no my
arm oh jesus help me
oh god it hurts it hurts so bad i really
like these shark teeth i feel like i
bite everything hmm
no no i don't like these teeth but i
like them no especially if you're gonna
be talking to my daughter i think you
need different teeth okay and done rob
the jewelry store and della make me your
grill ding ding ding ding ding ding do
you remember that song from like 2005.
most of you weren't born yet but that's
what you kids would call a banger uh
joseph how does it look dude he looks so
sick you could actually be a rapper or
something oh okay then i want to keep
these no see those are going to cost you
about 150 000 150 000 why would you put
it in my mouth then i just wanted to
sing the song let me get those out for
you champ we'll try something more
affordable all right how about these i
give you two little fangs dude you look
like a vampire
ah he's sucking my blood
i really like these joseph no no i i
don't like those you you look dumb wait
why well you just you just do i really
want to go back up you want a blood
sucker let me get those out what uh-huh
yep these are the teeth how do they look
well they're not real veneers i just
took some foam and then used a pencil to
draw lines on them so they look like
teeth but you look great choice are they
good oh you look like steve
i do yep you got that million dollar
smile you can host all the game shows
hell be a judge if you want apparently
you can do anything with teeth like that
so women are gonna think i'm hot totally
dude thanks dentist you're welcome
boy wait who you calling boy huh him him
to him
him
penelope can you get in here i want you
to see my smile junior if you have those
scary teeth and i'm gonna throw this
apple at you what scary teeth oh my god
junior your teeth they're gorgeous yeah
i look like a car salesman i'd buy a
time share from you bro thanks joseph
you went from a four to a ten in just a
few minutes what are you talking about
penelope i've always had this beautiful
smile i just never noticed your perfect
teeth before so would you date me now of
course junior all the girls are gonna be
so jealous that i'm dating someone with
a hot smile so you want to go on a date
with me tonight yeah junior but do you
want to bite in my apple of course with
these perfect teeth i can bite into
anything
oh my god your teeth are fake get away
from me free we're gonna open that thing
oh man all my teeth really broken yes
dude yeah
do not look like steve harvey
what's wrong buddy no no cody you gotta
do it in a higher pitch like this buddy
buddy
guys can you please stop what's wrong
buddy i had a perfect smile and then i
broke my teeth when i bit into an apple
well maybe you should have bit into
something softer like the free medium
french fries i get from mcdonald's every
week now that's every week not every
video not every day every week that was
the deal
[Music]
you