foreign
[Music]
what's wrong dad I told you to watch
them damn dishes I did oh no you did it
come on oh so you wash the dishes huh
what's this these were not here before
that's cause I ate well how was I
supposed to know there were dishes now
why don't talk about
okay Cody why are you out of bed
a bed after you watch these dishes no go
to bed first I don't know what I'm
supposed to do
[Applause]
for a week and
no
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I hate my life I wish I could just
disappear hey Cody what who are you it's
me Hagrid I I don't know who you are mom
dad there's a homeless man in the house
no no no no no listen you're a wizard
Cody I'm a wizard and you're rich Filthy
Rich okay yeah Mom Dad no no no no just
come with me I'll take it to your safe
it sounds like you're trying to kidnap
me nah it'll be fine come on okay well I
guess it's better than being here
come on Cody how about my motorcycle
hold on I just have a few questions
where are we going and should I tell my
parents whoa whoa whoa those aren't your
parents your real parents are dead and
those dead parents Made You Filthy Rich
come on just check it out we think it's
safe okay
is your safe this big thing yes look
holy mackerel oh this money's mine
everything you see is yours wait why do
you have the combination of my safe
because your parents trusting me and
they really shouldn't have there used to
be a lot more money than this you see I
went to it with a strip club and there
was floating titties all over my face
okay well I'm gonna be changing the
password wait what's this red thing this
this is mine are you sure it's not mine
because it's in my safe yeah it's mine
just hurry up grab some cash I have a
list of things for you to buy okay like
an owl hurry okay all right
okay I think I got everything on the
list I just can't believe I'm loaded
yeah that's crazy oh yeah here's for
helping thanks uh so how do I get to
Hogwarts there that that's a brick wall
no it's a magical wall you're going as
fast as you can into that wall you you
appear in front of Hogwarts really
you're not screwing with me no come on
do it
okay say so
I can't believe you fell over that
stupid come on follow me I'll take you
to Hogwarts dick
[Music]
this is Hogwarts are you sure yes now go
grab your owl go inside and make some
friends you never told me why I need the
owl you're also famous what I'm rich and
I'm famous what am I famous for there
was a guy who killed your parents he
tried to kill you too but he couldn't
that's why he left a scar on your face
you're the boy who lived wait wait wait
wait wait wait so somebody killed my
parents and he's trying to kill me yes
now go inside and have some fun no who's
trying to kill me welcome to Hogwarts
let's
oh Jesus okay excuse me excuse me sorry
just let me squeeze it hey you guys know
what I'm supposed to do with this owl
it's supposed to go in your dorm room I
have a dorm room I have to live here
we'll take it off the table
hi hi I'm Penelope Ranger
[Applause]
Weasley oh hey I'm Cody Potter oh holy
Cricket you're Cody Potter I've read
about you in a book you're famous
there's a book about me angel rich on
pool oh well that sucks uh so there's a
book about me also I heard somebody's
trying to kill me you guys know anything
about that yes we do but we can't say
his name it's scary okay but I am gonna
need to know his name because he's
trying to kill me so I mean clearly
somebody told you guys his name because
it's the name you're not gonna say so
could somebody tell me I mean you could
just whisper it that'd be fine shh the
Sorting ceremony is beginning okay you
could use
like
hey students welcome to Hogwarts I'm
Professor Dumbledore and I will call you
up one by one and let you wear my hat
and he'll tell you where to go I hope
I'm in Ravenclaw oh hi bombing swiveling
why are they letting the Hat do it can't
we just pick the house for ourselves
also the guy who's trying to kill me is
he here right now like could you guys
Point him out just give me a hint or
something well if it is it Cody Potter
that's Junior Malfoy he's mean and look
at those ugly teeth you must feel
Weasley is your family known for that
yeah well Cody Potter I don't care if
you're famous or Rich I hate you
okay okay the first kid is Jeffy
hmm not much going on in there
Hufflepuff Hufflepuff hopping buff does
that mean I get to smoke weed
all right next kid is Junior man I sure
hope it's Slytherin Slytherin Slytherin
oh good all right next one Penelope I
hope I get Ravenclaw in your dreams your
Gryffindor go sit down but I didn't even
try the Hat on that's because he's tired
he told me before you came up here your
Gryffindor go sit down and Nigel your
Gryffindor too he's still tired and uh
Cody Cody party you come up here he has
enough in him for one more uh that hat
doesn't have lice in it does it because
a lot of people have been wearing it
okay screaming it Hufflepuff Hufflepuff
okay yeah Hufflepuff I like that that's
fine okay so what happens now it's time
to eat oh good
um can you just tell me the guy's name
like can you at least tell me what
letter it starts with Let The Feast be
see in good in the neighborhood ain't it
yeah Applebee's how magical
why are you gonna eat first do you want
some pasta I'm eating the burger po okay
you can have it I think I lost my
appetite Cody you have to eat something
we have a lot of glasses later today I
just got here and I found out someone's
trying to kill me what yeah I think I'm
just gonna take a nap until class starts
all right class today we're going to be
learning how to fly a broom
I'm going to do it's
and yell up up up up I just picked mine
up and started sweeping the floor with
it very cool
ah
teacher my broom won't stop hitting me
that's because you're doing it wrong ah
I'm just gonna google it up
yeah no phones in class nerd what hey go
get it I'm gonna go get it
yeah why'd you throw my phone dick wow
wow quickest team as a Seeker okay can I
be on the Quidditch team too sure I'm
gonna beat you in quidditch what hello
and welcome to the Hogwarts quidditch
tournament now usually what you're
supposed to do is knock a ball through a
bunch of Hoops but we took all the Hoops
down because all that really matters is
this thing if you catch the golden
snitch you win immediately so just focus
on this okay now go
you see that yeah that thing's fast well
I'm gonna go catch it because I have a
Nimbus 2001 George Bush Edition oh I
didn't know those came out yet I'm not
jealous I could buy like 30 of those
hoes because I'm [ __ ] loaded I got
all my money in Gringotts well I'm gonna
catch it before you
I'm about to catch it no I'm gonna catch
it no I'm gonna catch it no I'm gonna
catch it whoa whoa life control of my
broomstick I'm not controlling this
somebody evil is I wonder who it could
be crash Crusher broom die die what's
happening
don't rush well well no someone help
whoa Penelope Cali's about to die it
looks like someone's controlling his
broom oh there's Professor snipe we
gotta do something about it I'll go
distract him
later at school what you have a lighter
at school you're not supposed to have
that you're in trouble let's go to the
principal's office come on we gotta take
her to the principal's office but die
come on
oh hey it stopped Oh look The Golden
snitch no hey Cody spit that out
hey look I caught it I guess I win
Goldie Epona grab the snitch Hufflepuff
when yay Cody
you're the greatest quidditch player
ever I think I just got lucky no that's
pure skill Chloe my broomstick looks
like a Garrett
all right craps welcome to wizard cross
101 I am your teacher Professor sneby
true and today I will be teaching you
how to use your word see I have a tiny
one because I am Asian everything I have
is Tiny and it is very important that
you pay attention in Wizard class isn't
that right Potter oh yeah sorry teacher
I was just texting my mom to let her
know I'm rich and I'm not coming back
home to that [ __ ] hole oh so you think
you don't have to pay attention because
you know everything well what would I
get if I added a powder root of asphadol
to an infusion of wormwood
I know I know I don't know dog I just
found out I'm a wizard and I'm rich
today so I've been kind of focusing on
that so just give me a few weeks and I
bet you couldn't also tell me how many
grains of sand there are on earth hmm
no one knows that how about my [ __ ] dog
pick on someone else oh I've crossed the
first spell You're Gonna Learn is a
little floating trick you're going to
take your stick and point it at whatever
you want and then you're gonna say
Wingardium Leviosa and then whatever you
pointed at should float so try it
Wingardium Leviosa Wingardium Leviosa
hey Cody Potter that that smell will
come in handy with your mom because
she's so fat she can't get out of bed so
that that spell will help her float
because she's so fat Hagrid he's
bullying me
but why he played me
[Music]
hey
what kind of smell is that bully
disappearo oh that wasn't a spell I just
got cash got him Leviosa Wingardium
Leviosa whoa whoa whoa I'm making this
death float look that's cool Potter you
put the dust off you don't want to hurt
nobody uh okay I'll try to put it down
well
oh [ __ ] I'm in trouble
it's Leviosa not lydiosa oh it's true
you go to double doors office now oh no
not Dumbledore hey Dumbledore I threw a
desk at Professor Snape the way of the
wizard is not in which you seek
okay whatever you do don't go the door
upstairs why would you even tell me
because I don't want you to go in there
it's almost like you want me to go in
there well I don't okay I'm gonna go
check it out I told him not to huh this
must be the door Dumbledore was talking
about holy cow hey what are you doing
are you skipping class no Dumbledore
told me not to go into this room and now
I want to oh well you can't go in there
he says it would be against the rules
Cody you know I think we should go in
there now good thinking Nigel let me
just try to open this oh it's not even
locked
whoa is that a three-headed dog
me guarding the door it eats people be
careful Jesus what is it even doing here
okay I'm gonna go ask Hagrid about it
hey Hagrid oh hey there Cody how's
school going yeah it sucks listen I have
a question there's like this giant
three-headed dog and I'm pretty sure
he's yours how do I get him to stop
eating me oh if you want to know that
that's gonna cost you a pretty penny ah
you're bleeding me dry here dog damn all
you have to do is play music or go to
sleep really that's it
yeah that's it okay well thanks all
right Hagrid said we have to play music
for him to make him fall asleep so does
anyone have Spotify or something I'll
call yourself saying forum
B Itsy Bitsy Spider
spout down came the rain and washed the
spider out oh okay In The Sun Ain't try
to follow the rain and the itsy bitsy
spider
went up the spout again wow he's
actually asleep yeah let's go take a
look see in it all right and look at
board and in that Professor quarrel hey
kids is that the Sorcerer's Stone yeah
it is but I can't touch it yet but if I
beat you in chess I can oh well you
can't but yes in chess We're British
bring it hose or I'll go first in nine
two eight three uh Nigel I think you
have to move it what color was it oh
it's not it's just regular Jazz oh all
righty go ahead
[Music]
there we go
free
this is going to take a while
you're done oh I'm done watch this
I can't believe I've lost it yes I don't
feel so good I think I need to see the
nurse I'm gonna take him to the clinic
hey Cody guess what I got a face on my
head not this face I actually got
another face on the back of my head
check this [ __ ] out it's wild
hello cutie Potter we meet again I've
never met you I think I'd remember a
face on the back of a guy's head are you
guys like conjoined twins or something
can you breathe under that towel does he
like have to brush your teeth you guys
share the same throat how does that work
no time for game spotter give me the
stone and we can bring your parents back
to life I didn't really know my parents
like they left me a lot of cash and I'm
worried if they come back I won't get to
keep it give me the Sorcerer's Stone now
I don't like your tone and also it's
right there you can just grab it I can't
hand it to me nah you sound kind of evil
I don't really like any of this if you
won't give it to me then you will die
kill him
please
wow this Stone looks like it's worth a
lot of money
oh hey Dumbledore I found the Sorcerer's
Stone oh and also Professor Coral was
evil he had a face growing on the back
of his head you guys should probably do
better background checks the stone must
be destroyed hand it over that seems
okay to me well it's not hand it over
okay
right nothing yep a Hufflepuff wins what
what I win what does that mean uh hey
guys I uh I killed a man with my hands
and then Dumbledore told me I won well
it's time to pack your bags Cody we're
going home for the summer holiday we're
home for this summer I just got here
today
anything what I never figured out what
this owl is for like why do I even have
this I haven't seen anyone else here
with an owl it's for mail mail I have a
phone oh also the guy with the two faces
that I killed was that the guy who was
trying to kill me because he didn't try
to kill me so can we say his name now is
that him okay guys okay I guess I'll see
you guys next year
[Music]