hey Marvin you know how I said I would
cook you dinner tonight yeah what'd you
cook me I made you pizza rolls I thought
you said you were going to cook me
dinner I did Marvin
's and when they were done the microwave
went beep it's so cool thank you baby
you're welcome I'm gonna go make some
more
let me try them
still frozen
hey my bibs can I borrow 500 see I
really need some money but I don't want
to get a job I just want to sit back and
collect cash
did you hear me I said I need 500 and I
don't want to guess the job oh so you
just don't sit there and ignore me well
they forget you my bibs
you saved my life I did yeah I always
choke on a pizza roll and you did the
Heimlich maneuver I ain't lick your
honey well no no you stopped me from
choking Dougie what can I do to repay
you oh you can give me a million
bajillion dollars I don't have that kind
of money Dougie I wouldn't give me five
hundred dollars I don't even have a 500
Dougie is there anything else I can do
for you okay so I sat there and I
recognized that you was choking I said
oh no my [ __ ] is choking my best friend
is free of his life so I went over there
and I licked johanni and you can't even
give me 500 for saving your lives I
don't have that kind of money is there
anything else like is there anything
else you want that I can do for you well
I do want some fried chicken Cheetos you
want some fried chicken and Cheetos no
this is new special edition Cheeto that
tastes like fried chicken and I really
can I go to the store and buy it you
okay see that's easy
thank you moms okay Dougie I got you
regular and flaming hot Cheetos where's
the fried chicken
I couldn't find those all right well
next time you choke it to death you
won't be
won't be two bags of Cheetos oh so you
think your life's only worth two bags of
Cheetos you think my life's only worth
one bag of fried chicken Cheetos yeah
because I've never tried beans before
and I really really want to try trial
are you sure they even exist I looked up
and down the aisle I could not find them
yeah my [ __ ] look they're right here
what kind of language is that cursive
that's not cursor that's another
language it's like Arabic or like
Chinese or something well listen I
really want to try to fry chicken
Cheetos because I bet they taste so
really good well I don't even know if
there's a real look how about this
there's a number on the back of the
Cheetos bag call that number and let's
ask if they exist okay hopefully I get
to talk to Chester Cheeto just call this
number
type of reading sound like
[Applause]
hey yo thank you for calling Cheetos
corporate I hope you're having a
dangerously cheesy day anyway what can I
do for you can I speak to Chester Cheeto
oh he's in his office right now sorry
give me the phone Daddy hello hi listen
we just want to know where we can get
the Fried Chicken Cheetos at how do you
know about those you know what let me
call you on my shell
hello hey
hey look at my car I would get executed
if they heard me talking about this it's
top secret so it's your Fried Chicken
Cheetos were made in Thailand but it was
your mistake the company trying to
destroy all the bags of him so there's
only a few left and I know who has him
but it ain't Heap and he's weird man
like sometimes I send him pictures of my
feet okay so can I get some fried
chicken Cheetos can't talk I just
tracked your address on my laptop I'll
send them your way hello
so what am I gonna get the Fried Chicken
Cheetos or not I I don't know what's
happening
oh okay you know what Doug I'm gonna go
answer the door if you hear me scream
call the cops all right vote uh hello
there you go I am the prince of Dubai my
name is Prince Abu dhobi but you can
just call me friend and this is my
camera come here
Bob is in corn on the cob you know you
don't have to say that every single time
I tell your name oh then you don't have
to write on my back you have to fit at
work you are a camel it is your tooth it
is not my job to carry you it is my job
to carry water in my home not your lazy
ass you do this
embarrass me in front of my friends
[Music]
that's it
calm down calm down come on what is
going on my friend Jonathan who has very
sexy feet by the way he tells me you're
looking for something that I maybe have
do you have Fried Chicken Cheetos I do I
store them in Camille oh well can I
possibly buy them hey
okay I told him to wait outside so he is
not blabbering the whole time so you
want these Fried Chicken Cheetos huh you
like this [ __ ] huh oh [ __ ] yeah
I know that's exactly what we need how
much can I pay you for them oh it's the
I don't accept money because I am very
rich I'm a billionaire but I do like to
trade you like to trade well I can trade
you two bags of Cheetos for your one bag
see I own the gas station you bought
those Cheetos that because I like sell
oil and stuff so no okay I can trade you
these pizza rolls I don't like pizza
rolls so no well I don't really know
what else I could trade you for them
more than the microwave's not working I
pressed the popcorn button and no
popcorn came out well did you put
popcorn in the microwave no I put the
pizza rolls in that is the prettiest man
I have ever seen what that's not a man
that's a woman there's no Brave women
not allowed to show their face or their
feet and those are the sexiest feet I've
ever seen well this is America women can
show off whatever they want okay I would
trade you one bag Cheetos for your [ __ ]
what no no she's not a [ __ ] she's my
wife okay okay how about two bags of
Cheetos for your [ __ ] I am not selling
my wife for two bags of Cheetos Thank
You Marvin how about two bags of
cheetahs and 100 million dollars yes I
will yes
well it's a hundred million dollars baby
okay come on let's go what no but your
owners don't do me oh no listen listen
in America we don't own people listen
you can't buy her for a hundred million
dollars no matter how much money you
offer me oh come on she'll have her own
Knitter bucks at my house see in my
country women have the same rights as
hell as house cats play
you have 12 wives oh yeah okay listen
what other things could you want besides
my wife well I guess I could go for some
slobbing on the nubbing oh come on baby
I won't even count as cheating for
and two bags of Cheetos no Marvin no no
no no no see I want you to do it my
friend because you know how to make it
feel good and I want your mustache to
tickle my tent come on Marvin a hundred
million dollars and two bags of Cheetos
oh
okay for a hundred million dollars I'll
do it oh no no no no no no see I never
said about the 100 million dollars for
the knob sloping only the two bags of
Cheetos my friend okay I'm not sucking
not for Cheetos you can forget it buddy
listen uh is there anything else you
want like like you can't get my wife you
can't get no listen what else do you
want well there is one thing but it's
impossible what is it I want Chester
Cheeto to be my pet tiger he's a cheater
okay I don't even think Chester Cheeto
is real I think he's just the mascot
well that's your issue to figure out
okay there's one person I think I can
call to make this happen that just stay
right here just don't leave
okay I'm calling the Cheetos corporate
number please answer hey yo thank you
for calling keto he's corporate I hope
you're keeping it dangerously cheesy hey
it's me again oh hey
yeah your friend came over but he's not
accepting money he wants me to trade him
something oh he asked you to Slob on his
knob didn't he
[Applause]
well for you I guess I could give you
his address but I warned you he's in
really rough shape yeah please just text
me the address okay
oh [ __ ] now that's what I call
dangerously cheesy hey who are you how'd
you know where to find me listen Chester
I got a friend that really wants to meet
you you the cops no hit that [ __ ] man uh
no thank you I've already had a lot of
Cheetos today oh hell yeah more for me
feels like my heart's about to explode
from all the cheesiness just just one
more
oh
I'm king of the world Listen Chester I
have a friend that really really wants
to meet you oh yeah he got Cheetos oh
yeah he does hell yeah man he even got
you know fried chicken flavored Cheetos
what did you just say he has fried
chicken flavored Cheetos the damn Cheeto
company tried to take them all away from
me tried to destroy every bag because
they were so damn good man I would Slob
on some knob for some fried chicken
Cheetos well he definitely got the
Cheetos in the knob well take me to him
you're gonna have to hold my hand though
cause I'm blind you're blind yeah what
do you think I wear these glasses for I
thought you wore them because you were
cool nah I'm blind as [ __ ] man
okay come on
okay friend here's Chester Cheeto oh my
Allah you have brought me
what's going on party people listen Mr
Tito I have been your biggest fan for
very many time and I would love it for
you to be my kitty cat sure man I don't
give a [ __ ] as long as there's those
Fried Chicken Cheetos for me well the
problem is I promise my last two bags to
these people ah no deal then man but
I'll tell you what I would Slob on some
knob for some fried chicken Cheetos
screw these people and I hope their
mothers get by very many men bye what
the hell was that Marvin no I'm not good
to Cheeto I guess not listen I felt very
bad about saying your mother should get
banged by very very very many men so I
decided to bring you one Fried Chicken
Cheeto but don't tell jester
well Dougie it looks like you get to try
what the Fried Chicken Cheeto tastes
like oh
it tastes like [ __ ] I'd rather have the
500 hours
[Music]
thank you