so guys what do you want to do tonight
oh we should watch the movie Cats I want
to see me some Rum Tum Tugger and then
maybe Junior can give me a Rum Tum tug a
I love gabella a dude I don't want to
watch a cat movie Let's watch airbuds
where my dogs at you know yeah let's
watch a dog movie like Marley and Me but
I really want to watch a movie about
cats hey how about we watch cats versus
dogs and then we can all be happy why
are our only options animal movies oh
Junior you know what I think I left my
phone in your room I'm going to go get
it yeah dude I'm going to help her find
it I'm good at finding phones we watch
cat dog you know it's about a cat and a
dog fused together you don't think
that's weird well I mean it's kind of
weird cuz they're fused together and
it's like how do they poop and and do
they both have penises or just one penis
and they share it and then who feels it
you know no no I meant like Joseph went
to go help Penelope look for her phone
well he said he was good at finding
phones that's a weird thing to be good
at finding yeah I guess you're right
I'mma go check on him
okay girl Joseph penel where you guys at
oh what's up Bros Peli why are you in
bed with Joseph um because he's hot yeah
she ain't lying and when she go black
she never go back let's go girl round
three
freaking damn Junior why you screaming
like that what was it it must have been
a bad dream or something I fell asleep
yeah yeah you fell asleep during the
movie I knew you weren't going to stay
up oh oh it was just a dream thank God
it was just a dream Chef I had the worst
dream ever I had a dream that my
girlfriend Penelope cheated on me with
my best friend Joseph oh wow that's
disgusting well it's just a dream Junior
but if it's not damn get your money up
little [ __ ] got get your funds up broke
boy broke ass [ __ ] goly lose
ass okay thanks for the advice Chef P
yeah yeah you can't be a bro Boy near
pee pee that must be my friends at the
door hello hey Junior what's up dude
we're here for movie night uh Penelope
why you standing next to Joseph what do
you mean yeah what the hell are you
talking about dude like I don't
understand why Cody's not between you
guys well I don't know this is just how
we walked here you walked the whole way
here with Penelope and Joseph standing
next to each other well we didn't think
about it but yeah yeah dude I'm black
but I'm not going to rob her ass and
come to think of it I was standing
closest to the road so I totally could
have gotten hit by oncoming traffic yeah
I wish a truck would have hit your ass
oh I hate you I hate you too and now you
guys are flirting dude we're not
flirting I promise you yeah what are you
talking about jeni I don't know I just I
just I don't know I don't like this
whole situation like Cody can you please
stand between them why we're just going
to come in anyway can you please just
stand between them I don't like what I'm
seeing okay fine oh my God it's not that
serious bro all right guys now you can
come in oh my God so guys what movie do
you want to watch I think we should
watch the movie Cats I want to see me
some Rum Tum Tugger and then maybe
Junior can give me a Rum Tum tug a I
love gabella dude I don't want to watch
the stupid cat movie Let's watch airbud
where my dogs at you know Junior movie
suggestions I want to watch Marley and
Me but I really want to watch a movie
about cats hey if we watch cats versus
dogs then we can all be happy why are
our only options animal movies hey I
think I left my phone at home but I
don't want to walk by myself to go get
it Junior are you going to offer to walk
with me to get my phone I was going to
see if Joseph would offer first dude why
would I offer I would offer to trip her
ass in the road or something because
you're good at finding phones dude
that's not a skill Junior can you walk
with me to go get my phone or not you
don't need your phone you're with me you
don't need to text other guys but what
if my dad calls your dad's a guy he
counts you can't text him either oh
you're so weird uh can you please just
sit next to me and not between me and
Joseph I am sitting next to you Junior
but I don't want you sitting next to
Joseph can you sit between me and Cody
please why junior why are you being so
weird please just do that it'll make me
feel a lot comfortable oh my God fine
you guys want to watch cat dog isn't
that weird well it's kind of weird cuz
it's a cat and a dog fused together like
how do they poop and do they have
penises and do they have like one penis
and share it and even then who feels it
oh oh Junior come with me there's a
surprise at the door what what is it
well I it's a surprise I have to show
you come on let's go wait just just me
and you like you want me to leave
Penelope and Joseph on the couch alone
yeah so what no Penelope has to go with
us okay how about you and Penelope go
get it yeah I like that I like that
thanks buddy I like that you think with
your head you're on my side you're on my
side you're on my side come on what
hello hey there door Dash wait Penelope
dad what are you doing here I'm door
dashing why are you in your doctor's
outfit oh I door Dash in between
surgeries to get some extra Mion what
Mion it's what young people call money
oh my god dad I hate when you use young
people terms it's so embarrassing oh
come on Penelope don't be a hater just
cuz your dad's out there getting that
Mion please stop saying that I'm edging
Penelope no you're not Dad I'm gooning
I'm gooning from onions no you're not
Dad look just take these hot hot dogs
and have yourself a skibby toilet day
okay Ohio baby grank oh my God I hate my
life dude what's Junior's problem today
is he like racist or something I don't
know he's just in a weird mood Cody you
door Dash something yeah I got us some
hot dogs oh my God now we can watch a
movie about cats because we'll have cats
and dogs why'd you get us hot dogs Cody
cuz they're good Junior that's rude just
say thank you oh okay thank you Cody all
right let me pass these out all right
guys start sucking down your dogs I
would eat mine in front of you guys but
this video would get age restricted dude
why my hot dog so damn big oh yeah sorry
about that I accidentally ordered two
big ones a I'm just so hungry I don't
think this is enough for me do you want
some of my big hot dog sure I'll take it
of course you want some of Joseph's big
hot dog well yeah junior he offered yeah
dude I got plenty and this will
definitely fill her up of course it
would fill her up look at her well
listen it's just so small it's not going
to fill me up yeah sharing is caring
dude and she's begging for it let me
give it to her I know she's begging for
it she needs to shut up Junior I just
want more food bro I'm about to shove it
in her mouth just to keep her quiet of
course you'd love to do that you sick
freak Junior what's your problem dude
look look if she wants it I'mma to give
it to her bro at any time of day I know
you guys I want you shut up I'm going to
go get drinks cuz I'm thirsty Cody can
you please keep an eye on penel make
sure she doesn't do anything while I'm
gone I don't need a babysitter Junior
Cody just please make sure that she
doesn't touch Joseph's hot dog please
okay fine okay Cody so I'm thinking I
should start wearing hats like I could
be a hat girl now oh that could be cool
what kind of hat I don't know like maybe
baseball hats you should get a green one
that way it matches your eyes and the
bottom of your shoes oh that's such a
good idea hey hey Joseph can I try on
your baseball hat yeah whatever just
don't lose it I think Michael Jordan
wore it once okay okay what do you think
I like it Joseph what do you think it's
pretty tight pretty tight how would you
know dude she's wearing my hat that's
how I know why are you wearing Joseph's
hat because I asked him if I could try
it on why are you wearing another man's
hat because I think I could be a hat
girl now like I could pull it off yeah
the Hat matches her eyes or something
like that how do you know Penelope's eye
color why are you staring at her ey dude
Cody pointed it out that's true I did
say that so now I have to worry about
you too I'm gay Junior why are you being
so weird today okay you know what take
your hat back Joseph I think I need to
talk to my boys can you leave excuse me
can you just please be a good girlfriend
and go to the other room are you serious
right now I need to talk to the Bros
okay dude what's your problem okay your
hat fell yeah I'm going keep it right
here all right so the problem is guys
early before you guys got here I fell
asleep and I had a dream that you bang
penel that's a funny ass dream but
really a nightmare cuz that would never
happen dude she's butt [ __ ] ugly dude
she wears glasses and she wears plaid
like a total nerd isn't that right Cody
yeah I agree total nerd yeah thanks for
clearing that up Joseph yeah I was just
really worried I don't know I just after
I had that dream it felt so real and
then when I opened the door you were
right next to her sorry guys for being
such a lame Square I just I don't know I
just started freaking out when I saw her
next to Joseph dude it would never be
real thank you so much for for telling
me that yeah all right let me go get
Penelope and tell her this whole thing
was a big
misunderstanding Penelope are you in
here hey nerd what Penelope you're in
bed with bully yeah because he's hot
yeah she left the zero and got with the
hero you why you screaming like that
that was a dream too you must have had a
bad nightmare fell asleep during the
movie what I fell asleep during the
movie yeah I knew you weren't going to
stay up wait I had a dream inside a
dream and my first dream was that Joseph
banged my girlfriend and then I had
another dream that bully bang my
girlfriend well get your money up broke
ass boy oh stupid ass goofy ass ugly ass
dumb ass boy oh broke ass thanks Chef
peee anytime oh no who's that oh hello
hey Junior what's up dude we're here for
movie night wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute Joseph do you like
Penelope you hell no dude all right guys
come inside okay all right guys you
ready for movie night I think we should
watch the movie cast cuz I'm ready Rum
Tum tuger I know yeah how'd you know
because you love Rum Tum tuer you don't
stop talking about it oh I love gabella
how did you know that Junior because
you're my girlfriend of course I know
what your favorite character in the
movie Cats is oh my God I love that
forget grizabella dude let's we're not
watching airbud dude why not I mean how
do you know because you always want to
watch airbud Joseph how about we don't
watch a movie and we just wait for
Cody's door Dash wait how did you know I
ordered door Dash you always door Dash
hot dogs on movie Nights
I'll get it hey thanks for the door Dash
I'm
gooning all right guys here's your hot
dogs oh thank you so much for getting me
the bake hot dog Cody I'm starving that
was actually an accident all right guys
suck down your hot dogs I would eat mine
in front of you guys but this video
would get age restricted hey Junior I'm
thinking about being a hat girl now like
I think I could pull it off no I think a
hat would make you look ugly hey Joseph
can I try your hat on yeah whatever um
but look Michael Jordan wore one so
don't lose it no he's lying Michael
Jordan never wore that hat wait oh oh oh
no Junior I think I left my phone at
home I need to go get it no your dad was
a door Dasher who dropped off the food
and I told him that you left your phone
at home wait how would you know I left
my phone at home because I didn't see it
in your pockets and I tried calling you
and it didn't ring so I just assumed you
left it at home oh okay yeah so Junior
we're really not going to watch a movie
on movie night no we're going to sit
here and eat our hot dogs in
peace oh this is so boring Junior yeah
it's lame dude hey Cody do you have
something on your Li oh no is it another
pimple I don't know let me see
I'm get in on this come on in junor the
water's
spine why you screaming like that oh
there's just no way it was a dream again
yeah you fell asleep during the movie I
know you weren't going to stay up that
long Chef Pee I keep having a dream
inside of a dream inside of a dream of
my girlfriend cheating on me yeah that's
some broke buyshit get your money up get
them Mion them funs up boy uh you lame
ass goofy ass ugly ass broke ass
boy I can't have that broke energy Nei
I'm sorry Chef Pee PE yeah stay
away hello hey Junior what's up dude
we're here for movie night guys I don't
feel good I don't think I can do movie
night tonight oh I'm sorry you don't
feel well Junior well let me know if you
need anything yeah I hope you feel
better dude yeah I'm sorry to hear that
he
[Music]