[Music]
so guys you ready to go to school oh
yeah let me just grab my cup oh dude I
almost forgot about
mine you ready hold on just one second
war
sub I'm going to go to school junior
where's your cup yeah dude what cup
you're Stanley Cup well I don't play
professional hockey and I've never won a
championship so I don't have a Stanley
Cup no silly you're Stanley Cup what are
you sipping out of yeah this thing I
thought a Stanley Cup was a hockey
trophy no Junior this is a Stanley Cup
this is the new technology in drinking
yeah it's very futuristic I'm talking
jeton style dude well what's it do
what's it do Joseph you hear that this
knucklehead just asked us what it do
Silly Billy is doing what it do it holds
30 o of drink Junior and check this out
it keeps your drink cold for 9 hours and
your ice doesn't melt for 40 hours wait
if the ice doesn't melt for 40 hours
then why does the drink only stay cold
for 9 hours shouldn't the drink stay
cold for 40 hours who knows Junior maybe
the ice cubes get hot and look it even
keeps the ice cubes hot for 5 hours dude
it's unheard
of how much is it it's about 50 bucks
wait Joseph how did you get one dude you
know I stole it I got Sticky Fingers
wait so can I just go buy one no no
they're sold out everywhere yeah you
won't find it anywhere dude well I guess
I'll just not have one and go to school
well I mean you're going to get made fun
of yeah you going to get thirsty ain't
it what no one's going to make fun of me
cuz no one's ever heard of these things
you guys are the only ones that have
them oh you've obviously not been on Tik
Tok bro it went super viral come on well
look I'll just go get a drink from
McDonald's and drink out of a normal cup
what and have your ice melt and then you
water down your drink no way Jose rookie
mistake well can can you put a root beer
float in
it oh my God all right Joseph come on
let's go to school he's so naive well I
was just wondering if if the ice cream
melts after 40 hours or just just stay
ice cream
and what Penelope you have one too
Junior where's your sley cup y he
doesn't have one yeah he's missing out
Junior you're totally lame you have to
go get one I can't be with you unless
you have a Stanley Cup I don't need one
it doesn't take me 40 hours to drink my
drinks with ice I bet you like it when
your ice melts you sick yeah dude
you're super lame I don't need one why
would I need one because Junior you
don't look hydrated thirsty ass hey guys
PJ crenchaw here Jam's CAW Jamie jam
grer oh my God no cup bro thanks I would
give anything to take a sip out of your
cup why cuz it's a BBC big black cup I
just wanted to invite you guys to my
Stanley Cup party we're going to sit
around and sip cold drinks for 40 hours
and of course it's B yo C bring your own
Stanley Cup well what if we don't have a
Stanley Cup who doesn't have a Stanley
Cup dud we have to go no I'm going I
want to go I'm definitely
going I'm going to get a Stanley Cup
right
now okay grape you're going to tell me
what I need to know or your brother's
going to
die so cough it up talk oh you ain't
going to say nothing okay
[Music]
okay you think I'm playing with
you huh huh sh
peee yeah no more family members just
cuz you didn't want to talk no more
family reunion wait Chef peipi oh
what's up Junior what are you doing oh I
just was trying to find out why are
these grapes seedless it's a mystery oh
I was wondering if you could go get me a
Stanley Cup what I I can't do that
Junior I'm not athletic I don't even
have legs wait Chef what is this it's a
water bottle wait how long does it keep
drinks cold for like 24 hours 24 hours I
mean that's that's got to be good enough
but if you could go get me a Stanley Cup
I'd really appreciate it Junior I can't
do that well look I'm going to take this
but I know if you try hard enough you
can get a Stanley Cup I believe in you
you really do my mama didn't even
believe in me okay I'll do it Junior
all right guys check out my Stanley what
the hell is this dude where'd you get
that knockoff cup from teu or Ali boo
boo well no guys it's a takea it's
like a Stanley Junior nothing's like a
Stanley there's only one Stanley yeah
Stanley's one of one dude well no it
does exactly what the Stanley does it
keeps my drink cold for 24 hours 24
hours that's nowhere near 40 yeah Junior
what are you going to do when we want to
do our 40-hour drinking binges oh boy
he's not going to last I don't need my
drink cold for 40 hours 24 hours is long
enough but Junior by the time you go to
bed your shit's going to be melted yeah
it's going to be a slushie bro well look
look this will keep my drinks hot for 12
hours yours only does 5 hours it'll keep
your drinks hot forever because your ice
is going to be melted after 24 hours bro
it's not even winter why are you
drinking hot stuff well guys let's just
go to PJ's party you're not going to get
into the party with this you need a
Stanley yeah he's going to notice that
fake you dude well he's not going to
notice let's just get in he's going to
notice because they don't make Stanley
in this color piss yellow yeah it's a
dead givea away and where's your straw
there's a straw under there let me see
here what Junior that's not a straw
that's a hole dude it's going spill
everywhere okay guys fine I'll go try to
find a Stanley
damn where's the Stanley where's the
Stanley at Hey sir I can tell you're
looking for something frantically can I
help you uh do you have any Stanley Cups
do we have any Stanley Cups kid do you
even know what you're asking for that's
the hottest Cup on the market right now
look over here look we just sold the
 out see all we got left are the
camp mugs are the camp mugs cool no
that's why they haven't sold out yet who
wants a camp mug who camps who mugs oh
well can you check the back and see if
you have any I'm telling you right now
we don't have any sorry if you're not
first your last wait is that a Stanley
oh yeah yeah I mean it's not one of the
cool ones I mean it only keeps your
drinks cold for 17 hours but it's still
pretty neat I mean hey it's got a
picture of a bear with wings on it who's
also a king so that's pretty cool well
can I buy that one from you no I don't
want to be a lame get your own Stanley
Cup can you please double check the back
all I know we have back there is a yeti
maybe it could eat you so you don't have
to live with the embarrassment of not
having a Stanley Cup is it a real Yeti
no it's actually just a kind of cup we
have I mean it's not a Stanley but it's
second best well can you grabb it okay I
just need something all right all right
guys look what I just got oh Junior a
Yeti dude 2015 called they want their
cut back guys a Yeti is just as good as
a Stanley look it has 35 o yours is only
30 okay but how long does it keep your
drink cold for what's the mileage on
that bad boy uh it doesn't say does it
that's cuz those cowards were
afraid to put it on there cuz they knew
it was embarrassing no I bet it keeps it
cold for like 38 hours no it doesn't
Junior if your dick's big you brag about
it look at Stanley he just whipped it
out said 40 hours what are you going to
do about it Yeti ain't packing nothing
yeah Yeti's a grower not a show dude big
Chad energy no guys look the yeti is
cool just look at it what oh my God you
can see inside it yeah you can see what
you're drinking Junior look at this you
can't see inside the Stanley am I done
who knows look at that the sun's going
to creep in and melt your drink what
drink's already melted in a Yeti they
are look guys look the yeti is cool
enough and I just paid for it well how
much did you pay for it $40 oh Junior
for $10 more you could have had a
Stanley they don't have Stanley they're
sold out everywhere that's too bad
Junior Joseph come on we got to go to
that party well should I go should I
show up with the Yeti if you show up
with that Yeti you're going to get
kicked out yeah loser I'm going get a
Stanley stupid Yeti oh I need a Stanley
Cup well maybe my dad bought one a long
time ago and put it in the cabinet
no no Junior I did it I W the Stanley
Cup wa you won the Stanley Cup trophy
yeah yeah and it wasn't easy I did so
well though that they made a new Stanley
Cup trophy for me let me tell you what
happened so I joined the Toronto Maple
leafes hockey team they needed a goalie
so it worked out perfectly because I
don't have any legs so I just sat in the
goal it was the preseason so I knew it
would take a few months to make it to
the championship but out of nowhere all
the teams in the NHL planes crashed
leaving only my team in the Vegas golden
knights so they had the finals today and
the game was tied one to one very slow
ass game and the other team hit the puck
right at me hitting me in my face
knocking out my teeth and giving me a
black eye but the puug bounced off my
face and flew all the way across the ice
into their goal and we won the Stanley
Cup can you believe that and the best
part about it Junior since the maple Le
haven't won since like 1967 they deigned
and name this trophy after me it's
called the pp cup so here junior have
your PP cup it's way better than a
Stanley Cup I'm sorry Chef Pee I don't
need a hockey trophy I need a Stanley
Cup that I can drink out of you can take
a lid off in and drink out that
 no it needs to be like an
actual Stanley Cup I'm sorry shfp it's
not good enough exactly like my father
said oh I need a Stanley Cup God please
give me a Stanley Cup hello my son who
are you I am the trend God the trend God
yes anything that has ever trended or
gone viral I have created I create
Trends maybe you remember the fidget
spinner or shutter Shades or even way
back in the 1800s top hats oh and I know
for a fact you've heard of airpods
overpriced wireless headphones I'll take
three but my favorite thing is making
things for basic white oh Ugg
boots Starbucks North Face jackets and
my best creation of all Taylor Swift yes
that's right I created her in a
laboratory I never thought she'd be this
big sometimes my Creations go a little
rampant she's actually gotten a little
too big do you know what she's doing she
is taking her music that she's already
recorded and made money off of and she's
recording it again exactly the same way
and calling it her version and you know
what she's going to do after that she's
going to do it again and she's going to
do it again and again and then
eventually she's going to have kids and
they're going to make her own and
they're going to call it Taylor's kids
version and they're going to do that a
thousand times oh she is a money-making
machine God I am so
Rich so you made the Stanley Cup too oh
yes of my finest Creations see my friend
Stanley bet me that I couldn't reinvent
a cup that already exists and make it
trendy so I did and I named it after him
the poor bastard oh so simple but so
 stupid love it though
well can I please have that one my all
my friends have one I want one no of
course not if people had things they
wouldn't be trendy if everybody has
something it's not trendy that's the
whole point of being trendy if everybody
has it it's just tube socks which I also
invented and they were trendy at one
point oh I just really want a Stanley
Cup well I can't give you my Stanley Cup
but I can give you this one of my more
regretable Creations maybe you remember
baby shark do do do you can have that a
baby shark cup yes yeah not real proud
of that one but you can have that I must
go now I have other Trends to create o I
have an idea what about putting googly
eyes on French fries before you eat them
yes and then kids will eat the googly
eyes and they'll have to go to the
hospital and it'll be like Tide Pods all
over again oh how do I do it I am
brilliant I'm just going to leave on my
Razor scooter now
Ta it's hard to do in the
house I'll try to get in the party with
this next let me see your Stanley here
you go sir okay you're good next let me
see your Stanley he go okay you're good
next Hey everybody please have your
Stanley ready with the logo facing me oh
no they're checking Stanley at the door
yeah Junior you can't get in the party
unless you have a Stanley Cup did you
get yours uh I got this junior D you
really think that's going to get you in
this party it's the only thing I could
get well I have to go oh I really need a
Stanley hey Junior oh hey Patrick hey
could you hold my Stanley I lost my shoe
in the road over there and I got Gage
you need me to hold your Stanley
yeah uh yeah I can hold your yeah I'll
hold it right here buddy thanks Junior
yep that's a Stanley you can go in have
fun at PJ's party next I have a Stanley
is that even a Stanley yeah it say is
that Stanley well it's not a 30 o but I
guess that counts okay you can go in yes
hey guys thanks for coming to my Stanley
party appreciate you inviting us dude
ain't no party like a Stanley party yeah
you know how to throw one man it's a
total rager PJ guys I got a Stanley who
junior you got a Stanley no way it got
to be a knockoff dude no there's no way
my bouncer would let somebody into the
party with a fake guys it's a real
Stanley I got the smaller one because
it's orange like me Junior your Stanley
only holds 35 hours of Ice Dude what you
going to do for the other 5 hours die of
not cold drink guys you can't make fun
of me I got a Stanley a Stanley is a
Stanley yeah he's right a Stanley is a
Stanley you know what guys let's just
drink our
Stanley next hey I think somebody stole
my Stanley and came inside the party
sorry kid I can't let you in if you
don't have a Stanley PJ's rules no I
think somebody stole my Stanley and came
in party but what' your Stanley look
like it was orange huh now that you
mention it I think I did let a kid in
this party with an orange Stanley okay
let's go confront him hey that kid stole
my orange Stanley yeah that kid stole
his Stanley now wait just a minute
somebody stole a Stanley it was Junior
hey I did not steal no stupid Stanley
Patrick's lying cuz he couldn't get a
Stanley it's got my name on it let me
check Junior how could you going outside
dude know J stealing as Stanley's the
most uncool cool thing you can do I just
want to get in the party get out of my
party I I thought get the out of my
party go but I just wanted to
go Patrick reclaim your
Stanley hey Junior what's up yeah what's
up dude you guys aren't mad at me for
stealing that Stanley oh no Junior
that's over we're done with Stanley's
yeah that dead dude what you're
already done with Stanley well yeah
Junior was just a trend yeah dude it's
over with what you're already done with
Stanley you made a big deal about it
they were just cups Junior yeah it's
never that deep bro but you were talking
about the 40 hours well no Junior it
didn't even work that well I put ice in
mine for 40 hours and it melted after
only 20 but that's fine cuz we're onto a
new trend now gluing googly eyes onto
french fries yeah
[Music]