Jeffy get in here Jor get your butt in
here yeah Dad what do you want Daddy
well me Braxton and Rose are going to a
bar to play Bingo and sing karaoke yeah
Junior your dad's going to be the next
Beyonce all the single lettuce all the
single lettuce yeah you know that song
right so are you two going to be okay to
stay home alone for a few hours sure
daddy I'm just going to work on
patenting my new as wiper 3000 I'll
never have stinky fingers
again hold on hold on that boy is a
genius I might need that later I get
nervous at karaoke and I got I be yes oh
well look we're going to leave so if you
need anything just call us and do not
burn the house down all right wait wait
you guys are not alone uh junior uh shfp
stand here to watch over you guys cuz I
don't trust you with the house so shf
peipi get up here and do your job well
well well look who's King of the castle
now Lord
peep don't call yourself that Chef Pee
what the hell wait wait there's a Chef
Pee here where is he where is he cuz all
I see is royalty so call me Lord peep
your majesty your highness or your
peepness something that pertains to
royalty and since I'm in charge now you
peasants got to do what I say and if you
got a problem with it your ass going to
the dungeon you hear me yeah yeah yeah
do I have any
objections what the hell was that as
wiper 3000 well no more ass Wier 3,000
unless you wiping my ass yes Lord penis
no it's Lord pepis God look I I'm going
to sleep in Braxton's bed do not bother
me or you will fill the wrath of Lord
peep there's someone at the door Jeffy
let's go answer it okay hello what up
dudes who are you the name's Crush cuz I
[ __ ] crush it all the time man what
are you doing here Crush well I was
driving through Florida to get down to
the Everglades to live in the woods like
Winnie the Pooh bear or some [ __ ] and on
the way down I was smoking this wicked
gong in my car dude and got [ __ ] up
dude like I couldn't even drive so I was
starting to look for a hotel room but
then I was like I don't have a phone cuz
I don't believe believe in technology I
believe in squirrels dude have you ever
seen a [ __ ] squirrel they're [ __ ]
awesome they got this like built-in
geographical positioning system in their
head dude they always know where all the
good nuts are and that's me man I'm just
trying to be a squirrel and try to get
my nut dude so you guys know where any
hotels are no we don't know where any
hotels are oh well that's crazy cuz I
was at [ __ ] this gas station dude and
I got this map of Cuba and I'm looking
at it and I'm like I don't know where
the [ __ ] I am dudee but if you turn it
sideways it kind of looks like Florida
or a seahorse and and I'm like if I find
a hotel it's got to be cheap dude cuz
all I got is 160 bucks 160 bucks cash
yeah Jeffy we we can let him stay here
and we can get $160 we get paid for him
to sleep uh so technically this place is
a hotel no way dude this looks like a
house well we built it to look like that
because we want people to feel like
they're at home dude I do do feel that
way I feel like I'm at home yeah so if
you stay here you have to give us 160
bucks okay cool man here's your 160
bucks oh my God yeah let me show you to
your room cool okay here's your room you
can either have the bottom bunk or the
top bunk oh dude I'm bottom bunk all the
way man because if I was up there and
there was a fire like how would I get
down Dude down here is so chill man it's
like my own little bird nest CUO cachu
well let us know if you need anything go
to sleep wait how do you have toes wa
man where did your little piggies go did
they run off to like the market my
Piggies are right here dude just
chilling a total Vibe all right Jeffy
let's go oh my God Jeffy look we just
made $160 by letting someone sleep in
our bed for the night junior did you see
his toes why don't I have toes like that
I think when he falls asleep I'm going
to go in there and steal his toes no
Jeffy if we rent out the top bunk for
another $160 then you can buy yourself
new toes you're right Junior so I'm
going to go make a sign and put on the
front door saying that we're a hotel and
that we're open okay there Hotel open
$16 ah the devil yes it is me the devil
what are you doing here well I needed a
vacation from hell and I saw your sign
that says Hotel open
$160 but I only have $200 well that's
enough you can stay here oh you're not
even going to give me my change how evil
I love it here let me show you your room
so I got some good news for you sir we
upgraded you to the top bunk oh the top
bunk I'm in heaven wait I don't want to
be in heaven oh Wicked man he's going to
clip my toenails for me this place is
the best what are you doing Jeffy I want
his toes Junior come on Jeffy cut it out
Jeffy I was trying to cut it out all 10
of his toes no Jeffy look we just made
$360 in one night by letting two people
sleep in our bunk beds that is pretty
the tits yeah so let me go remove the
sign from the front door cuz I don't
want anyone else thinking they can stay
here
oh no there's someone at the door hello
hi there is this a hotel uh no officer
this is not a hotel well that's a damn
shame because we were hoping for some
bed and breakfast type [ __ ] yeah I was
trying to get lucky get lucky he's
already lucky this [ __ ] hit the
goddamn jackpot he gets to be all up in
this bab's cooch well sorry we don't
have any rooms available for the night
well that's a damn shame because where
else was I going to spend my $500 $500
yeah good dick ain't cheap well I think
for $500 I can get a room ready for you
guys so come wait in the lobby really
yeah come wait thank you young man all
right you two just sit right here your
room will be available shortly is there
anything I can get you yeah Lube five
paper towels and a Pringles can okay and
leave one of the Pringles in it Jeffy we
have a problem what Junior we too
[ __ ]
paid no but seriously there's these two
people that want to rent a room for $500
but we don't have any rooms left well
what if we rented out your dad's room
what we can't do that Chef peee is
sleeping in there what if we move Chef
Pee somewhere else that's a good idea
Jeffy let's go move Chef peep we have to
be really quiet
okay Lord
peep okay Jeffy grab his head wait stop
teabagging him oh you're okay I'll grab
his legs you grab his head
okay okay Jeffy now that Chef peee is
sleeping in the bathtub we can run out
my dad's room yeah Junior
I like you do you like me oh I hate
sending risky text I'm not even going to
look at my phone okay just real quick
she hasn't answered yet hey man oh dude
why are you Red like a pepper because I
am the devil all right on man I love
your lettuce speaking of Devil's lettuce
do you have a light cuz I'm trying to
hot boox this bunk bed dude do I have a
light I am a light I am the king of fire
all right on man cuz I'm trying to get
zoty MC scoty dude sorry for the weight
but your room is now ready wow this is
nicy [ __ ] it feels like I'm in Dubai or
something and what is this is this one
of those Tempa Pedic mattresses put a
glass of wine on the bed and see if it
falls over while we're banging is there
anything else I can get you to yeah give
me some candles a pack of cigarettes a
can of fabreze and a yellow potty City
balloon to douche and also three more
layers of sheets all right I'll be here
in minute all right and leave it by the
door cuzz we're going to go ahead and
get started guys do you need anything
peekaboo
cachu hey man we're high as [ __ ] bro and
we're on the bottom
bunk well just making sure you guys
didn't need anything no man we're
fabuloso my guy we're like Jack in the
beant stock but we're the guy in the
clouds yeah we're like a cumulo nimbus
dude that was the name of Harry Potter's
broom oh well I'll let you guys just
keep hanging out there's someone at the
door hold on all right dude we're going
to be in outer
space hello hey is my partner Simmons
here his squad car is parked outside and
he's not answering his radio oh well a
cop checked in a few minutes ago checked
in what do you mean this isn't a hotel
uh it's like a Airbnb oh okay well what
rooms he in cuz I really need his help
for an emergency see there's this fat
person that's at a buffet and they refus
to leave and at first I thought it might
be my ex-wife but that's not possible
because she's banned from all buffets
worldwi wide and apparently the gym but
no it's not her it's this fat guy that's
been there since lunchtime and now he
thinks he can live there since it's all
you can eat and I'm going to need
another officer to help me drag his fat
ass out of there oh well he's up there
in the room to the left okay thank you I
can't believe Simmons would get a hotel
room while he's on duty he's so lazy
okay Simmons take the toothbrush out of
my ass and give me a bloody Dragon I
thought we were doing the Panamanian
petting zoo no [ __ ] that give me the
Kentucky clite mom what the is that the
room sir
come on inside and look what I'm doing
to sims's balls what
Mom Brookie is that you can you get us
some bottles of water oh hiy M can you
take a picture I didn't know your mom
was this flexible that's it mom get out
go home I can't believe you can't accept
me and Simmons's love that that was not
love okay and I will never accept my
partner sleeping with my mom get your
hand off him Simmons come on we got to
go to a buffet he's full he had a whole
Buffet of roast beef from the back oh
God come on on
[Music]
Simmons wait is that a
fire oh my God it's on
fire Jun Jun Jun we got to get out of
the house it's on fire whoa dude look
it's Lord farquad far out man wait what
who the hell are you the name's Crush
like the
soda oh y'all boys getting litty here
ain't you litty to titty we're blazing
man yeah you should join us King Tut oh
you know Lord people proove pass it to
me I can't believe we didn't win a
single game of bingo all night look
those old ladies were cheating Morphin
look there's a sign on our door it says
Hotel open
$160 it must be some kids in the
neighborhood pulling a prank I'm going
to take the sign down Marvin do you see
that smoke in the air oh my God the
house might be on fire we have to get
the kids oh no the house ain't on fire
that's gas straight gas Marvin I think
they're in the bunk bed come on kids we
got to go wao I didn't know it was going
to be a powow Crush oh zero gag reflex
chick what's up stop that's a hell of a
nickname wa you know him yeah we met at
a festival once we shared a tent yeah we
did that makes sense now well get the
hell out of my house well I paid legal
tender to be here so get out of my hotel
room this is not a hotel room this is my
house and I want you to leave oh man
buzz kill yeah everyone leave everyone
get out oh look the fire alarms going
off Jesus okay Jeffy out of the $855 we
made by renting out all the the bedrooms
we both get $425 each but I don't know
how to split this last $5 let me see it
Jeffy why are there random people in the
house I don't know Junior where did you
get all this money from oh uh people at
school pay me to do their homework for
them I know that's a damn lie cuz you
are dumb as hell but I'm going to take
all this money for rent by the time you
start being treated as an
adult wow I only made
[Music]
$5
[Music]
m