oh Marvin I love decorating the
Christmas tree I'm just glad we're
done now Jeffy get out of the Christmas
tree you're not a cat Marvin he's just
playing he's messing up your Christmas
tree Marvin did you put Christmas lights
up outside uh no I didn't think we
needed to do that this year but Marvin
how is Santa going to know where our
house is he won't be able to see it I
don't think we have to worry about Santa
Claus coming to our house cuz we have a
really bad boy that lives
here said Santa Claus isn't coming to
our house look what you did okay I'll go
put up Christmas lights later no Marvin
you have to put them now before everyone
gets here for the Christmas Eve party
tonight there's a Christmas Eve party
tonight yes well no one tells me
anything well go put lights up outside
come on Jeffy you're going to help me
put up these lights
all all right Jeffy how did the
Christmas lights look shitty well I
didn't say I was good at putting them up
so that I'll have to do catch
me I said catch me my hands don't work
Jeffy I hate you put the ladder up all
right Jeffy don't you drop that ladder
howdy neighbor what do you want Hank I
just want to come over and tell you that
those are the shittiest Christmas lights
I've ever seen on a house before well
listen my wife wanted me to put
something up and that's all we had well
take a look at my house all nice and
symmetrical got every color of the
rainbow just about yeah your house looks
nice yeah every year I win best
Christmas lights on a house in the
neighborhood got a trophy for it too
that's real nice yeah well anyway I just
want to come over and tell you that I
hate your [ __ ] Christmas lights and
you could never put up Christmas lights
like I do on my house
oh yeah well I'll show him I'll put up
the best Christmas light to neighbor
Jeffy that is it your ass is grounded go
inside I'm going to call a professional
Christmas lights company to put better
Christmas lights up on my house hey you
call a Christmas lights putting up
company yes I did I need you to put
Christmas lights up on my house that's
your house yeah well there are already
Christmas lights on it so pay me well
for what I put those up no I know pay me
for wasting my time well no I need you
to put more Christmas lights up in my
house def find more will you see that
house over there sweet godamn Jesus
those are the nicest Christmas lights
I've ever seen that is a perfect
Christmas house there's not too many
lights not too little if I was Santa
Claus I would only deliver presents to
that house well I want you to put better
lights on my house than that one I want
you to put more lights in that house
better than that house h i mean I could
do it but it's going to cost you a
pretty penny how much no I mean like an
actual pretty penny like a penny that's
very shiny and pretty and new like a
pretty penny so if I bring you a shiny
pretty penny that's all I have to pay
you yeah it's either that or $1,000 I
can find a shiny penny just hold on okay
I'll wait in my car okay hey I'm Ken
Sher and this is the last lap of the
Daytona 500 oh no Dale Earnhardt's in
front of me I'll do anything to win take
this Dale
Earnhart oh [ __ ] oh he crashed right
into the wall well I'm sure he'll be
fine these cars are very safe okay I
found the prettiest Penny I could find
oh let me see it here you go okay well
you could have just handed it to me
let's see oh yeah that is a very pretty
penny ooh it's a 2023 Penny very nice
yeah it's shiny yeah this is a pretty
enough Penny I'll do it for you okay I
want you to go crazy on my house oh yeah
I'll go go crazy on it just like my ex
went crazy on my hog I'm talking
two-handed double decka gawg 6000
sploosh gargler that's what I would do
to your house if your house had a dick
which it doesn't so I'm just going to
hang up a bunch of Lights okay is that
one for me no Jeffy is that one for me
no Jeffy is this one for me no Jeffy
which ones are for me Santa brings your
gifts I hate all of
you Marvin did you finish putting the
Christmas lights up I'm still working on
it they look like [ __ ] Marvin look I'm
still working on it I just came inside
cuz I ran out of hammer so I'm trying to
grab more Nails a you're such a
hardworking man hey there I just got
done putting up all your Christmas
lights man that's hard work but like I
used to tell my ex-wife my hands look
like this so hers can look like hers
wrapped around another man's wiener what
yeah she cheated on me but anyway your
lights are up Marvin you said you put
the lights up I did put the lights up he
just drove by and he's trying to take
all the credit no you hired me to put up
all your Christmas lights you paid me a
pretty penny too Marvin we don't have
that kind of money wow I didn't know you
guys were in such rough shape
financially no I didn't pay him a lot of
money I paid him a pretty penny that I
found upstairs not my lucky 2023 Penny
that's the
one no for Jeffy it was a shiny as [ __ ]
Penny
too okay that's everyone shut the [ __ ]
up I'll get your penny back y can I have
the penny back well I mean I could give
it back but I'm going to tear all those
lights the [ __ ] down like I'm Godzilla
all right baby let me go look at the
Christmas lights and see if it's worth
that Penny okay but don't look I I want
it to be a surprise so let's go out the
back door and walk around the entire
neighborhood backwards until I tell you
to turn around okay okay don't turn
around yet don't turn around okay Marvin
now you can turn around oh my God you
did such an amazing job yeah that's what
a pretty penny gets you oh you went
crazy on it yep I'm a dirty [ __ ] than
you so much I'm definitely going to win
best Christmas lights of the
neighborhood this year well I hope you
do I'll see you later oh my God this is
so awesome you see that Hank that's what
good Christmas lights look like you can
suck my Chad what the hell hey Marvin
who put your Christmas lights up so good
on your house I did no way you did that
good of a job putting your Christmas
lights up I'm just that MF and good I'm
Steve stalberger and it's cold as hell
out here but I don't know where my
jacket is anyway Marvin I came to give
you this trophy for best Christmas
lights no wait just to D rud and T
second look at my house that's nice but
Marvin your Christmas lights are the
best I've ever seen you've got a
gingerbread man and a Merry Christmas
sign and a snowflake etc etc you can
keep your Christmas lights up all year
if you want they're just so gosh darn
pretty
thank you so much for the trophy can you
take it inside and show my wife okay
suck my Chad Hank [ __ ] you and your Chad
Marvin I'm sorry who are you again I'm
Steve stalberger I brought you this
trophy why are you in my house oh your
husband told me to bring it to you okay
well thank you baby did you see the
trophy yeah Marvin this creepy old man
in the collar tank top gave it to me
yeah we won the Christmas lights
competition and we got a trophy for it
that's awesome Marvin yeah I told Hank
to suck my Chad what all right look you
have to go see the Christmas lights
they're amazing morvin I would love to
but I have to finish setting up for the
Christmas Eve party I'll look at him
later but you're the one who wanted the
lights can I stay for the Christmas
party sure oh goody suck my Chad I'm
going to get you back Marvin honey
you've been staring out that window for
the past half hour because the God damn
inbreds across the street decided to
clear out Home Depot and loaves of all
their Christmas lights and they won the
trophy for best Christmas decoration
Hank you don't have to win every trophy
yes I do that's all I care about and
what about your wife children I hate all
of
you I'm going to get you back Marvin and
I'm going to ruin your Christmas I'm
going to call the
Grinch a moment
[Music]
it hello Mr gingerbread
[Music]
[Applause]
man
I wonder what these plugs do I should
tell
them oopsie was that
me shall I KN guess
[Music]
not let's see what's in the
pedantry
H ooh the last can of haash don't mind
if I
do oo look at all these presents no
Christmas for them you know what I'm
just going to take the whole
[Music]
tree Marvin have you seen our last C of
who hash oh my God Martin the Christmas
tree is missing what are you screaming
about someone stole our Christmas tree
Jeffy get in here what did you steal the
Christmas tree hey where Christmas tree
go Jeffy don't screw with me I know you
took the Christmas tree I didn't take it
Marvin someone also stole our last can
of ho has not the ho has everyone loves
hoo has oh my God morvin that's the
guest for the party you have to go
distract them okay find the who has okay
hello yo yo yo we here for the Christmas
party my sweater says happy Lama it's a
Hanukkah sweater even though this is a
Christmas party yeah I'm ready to party
man and get [ __ ] up yeah I'm already
blazed man oh don't care all right guys
everyone just calm down the Christmas
party is not ready yet so you have to
wait outside but it's cold as hell out
here yeah we ain't waiting much longer
come on now okay come inside but don't
go to the living room oh I can't wait
for the who has let's [ __ ] party man
yeah let's party who want wants me first
only if you got a wife to trade now come
on wait where's the tree man yeah what
the hell you got to have a Christmas
tree ain't no party without a Christmas
tree Now where's the tree uh well you
see we had a Christmas tree but it got
stolen so there is no tree well at least
we have who
has we don't have
who I'm [ __ ] leaving yeah we leaving
what the hell is this I'm so sorry the
party was ruined oh let me call the cops
okay hello hey there I got a call about
a burglary yes someone broke in during
our Christmas party wait a minute you
had a Christmas party and you didn't
invite me I was going to invite you no
you weren't I was over here earlier
hanging up Christmas lights for a
[ __ ] penny which is a favor by the
way just because I wanted to make a joke
and apparently you didn't even like them
cuz you unplugged them I didn't unplug
them yeah okay whatever just tell me
your problems you already hurt my
feelings okay someone broke in and stole
our Christmas tree and our last can of
ho has oh not the who has what about
your roast beast I think he stole the
roast beast oh not the roast beast yeah
I think I know who might have done that
who the Grinch the cartoon character no
no no the liveaction Jim Carrey Grinch
he hates Christmas and the who's you
know I always wondered are the who's
from the Grinch the same who's from
Horton Hees a who cuz if they are
microscopic like that how do they know
about Christmas and then the fact that
they celebrate Christmas Means at some
point there was a who Jesus and that
means that a who got crucified and
that's pretty dark for a kid story and
also I think hille is inside a snowflake
and snowflakes melt all the time so
there's a good chance all those who are
dead now anyway yeah I think the Grinch
stole your Christmas tree can you arrest
the Grinch no he has diplomatic immunity
here in America see he's from Whoville
and that's outside my jurisdiction but
if you know anybody who's mad at you
they might have hired the Grinch to put
a head out on your tree do you know
anybody mad at you those Neighbors in
that house over there oh well I think we
should probably check over there well
can you go without me I don't want them
to know it was me no I want them to know
your tattletail come on okay Marvin now
you get to see me do a scary police
knock check this out open the goddamn
door it's the police see when you hear
that you know it's the police what do
you want excuse me sir uh he says you
don't like him and he thinks you
probably hired a grinch to steal his
Christmas tree what if I did well now it
sounds like you did cuz if you didn't
you would have said I didn't do that but
instead you said that so it's like you
know what's up like you know like you're
trying to Double Down On It Well I did
oh well I didn't think he'd actually
admit it well if we can get that
Christmas tree back that'd be great all
right it's inside come get it oh wow W
what a polite criminal Marvin come on
all right there it is is this your tree
Marvin it looks like my tree it's
missing a lot of ornaments but I think I
saw them in the road okay great let's
grab it and get get out of here wait a
minute what about the ho has it's over
there looking for
this the Grinch yeah he's going to kick
your ass Someone Save Us oh ho hold on a
minute Santa Claus Santa Claus what the
[ __ ] you're not going to be beating up
anybody you're going to return that tree
and the hoo hat you know what Santa
Claus kiss my ass kiss it oh you're very
naughty put him up all right man
yeah kick his ass Santa come on gr [ __ ]
him up all right Santa where we going
where we going Santa
huh I was una aware that Santa Claus was
a buer well if you wanted you got
sister
come here call me uncle uncle call me
daddy okay I'm not doing
that you don't mess with Santa
Claus yeah Santa won yeah but he's
pissing on the Grinch I think we should
just get the hoo has in your tree and go
home damn it why'd you do all this Hank
well Marvin I just couldn't stand the
fact that you had better Christmas
lights than me well I hope you learned
your lesson let's grab our stuff
yeah
look baby I got the tree back oh my God
Marvin the Christmas tree and look the
last can of ho has let's smoke this [ __ ]
Marvin how did you do this well it's all
thanks to Santa Claus thanks Santa don't
mention it guys Merry Christmas all
right guys we're going to get blazed on
this who hash or what come on Marvin
let's do it all together come on
guys
h