I can't wait for this popcorn to be
ready wait wait who's calling me hello
hey sexy wait who's this a super bottle
oh a supermodel call an old peepee what
you doing baby nothing what are you
doing oh you know I'm just cooking some
popcorn extra butter
so what are you wearing oh me up
oh about to be nothing you keep talking
like that what are you wearing nothing
you want to come over here and eat some
popcorn with no pee pee baby I'm already
there well you know you're not in the
pantry Oh no you're not let me see this
you're not in here silly goose where are
you baby look behind you look behind me
I'm hungry Chef Pee Pee
oh
crime doesn't sleep all right Susan what
do you got for me Chef kill the killed
in his own kitchen I guess somebody
didn't like his cooking I guess you
could say that any Witnesses no sir the
suspect ran away I guess you could say
the killer dined and dashed good one sir
what was the cause of death multiple
stab wounds and the murder weapon we
couldn't find one sir I guess the killer
took it to go oh I win first place wait
this was the end of a race right no sir
that was caution tape oh well I guess I
should have been more cautious
oh God what is that smell the chef's
dead body sir huh
Chef Boyardee more like Chef boy is he
dead that's not your best sir it was a
bit cheesy leave the jokes to me Susan
I'm the officer here oh my God what is
that what the hell is this some kind of
alien Mothership that's popcorn sir huh
well I want to poke it with something
oh
sir sir
that's the murder weapon now Susan how
would you murder somebody with popcorn
the knife sir oh my God this popcorn is
bleeding what have I done how are we
gonna tell the popcorns family we'll
have to tell the colonel this job really
takes it out of you sir that knife is
the murder weapon huh well have it
examined for fingerprints that aren't
mine okay what kind of monster would do
something like this
junior he didn't have that much time
left Pet Shops don't live that long I
told you that when we got them from the
pet store damn it hey did you find out
who the Killer is not yet but we're
working on it I understand you're the
one who found the body yeah I went to
ask Jeff PB to make me something to eat
and he was dead that must have been very
traumatic I'm sorry but we did find the
murder weapon you did you seem a little
nervous no I'm actually excited that you
found the murder weapon we get to find
out who killed Chef PeePee hmm let me
ask you something Have you ever wanted
to kill Chef Pee Pee oh yeah all the
time especially when he burns my food or
at least the ice cream out the mill or
or at least the Kool-Aid out and makes
it hot oh I'll kill him right now if he
was still alive huh so how do I know you
didn't kill him tonight oh cause I just
well can you prove you've been sitting
in bed all day look at this ass print
does it look like I've gotten up that is
a pretty deep ass print you don't get an
ass print like that unless you've been
sitting there for years yeah exactly I'm
a lazy bomb okay so what about when you
get up to use the bathroom you could
have killed him then a pee in a bottle
come on now ew oh I'm not even gonna ask
what you do with the number two I
usually poop in a box the piece of box
when I order it okay but I'm just gonna
go find the real killer now thank you
Marvin I can't believe someone killed
Chef Pee Pee what if we're next Marvin
do you think the Killer's Stone the
house
Jeffy not Debbie it's a ghost Jeffy
where'd you get that mask I found it hey
officer did you find the killer no it's
hard but I came to ask if you guys were
the killers no we're not The Killers
okay then where were you during the
murder watching a movie and you didn't
hear Chef Pee be being murdered
downstairs the movie was really loud oh
yeah what movie was it Mr Magorium's
Wonder Emporium and you didn't invite me
that's the real crime here but I can't
really blame you for not hearing it you
guys were on a magical ride with Mr
magorium well listen we didn't cause any
murders well what about that guy in the
scary mask over there that's Jeffy well
he says no not it is Jeff he just has a
mask on yeah and he does have his name
on his shirt so I guess I'll believe you
okay I'll be outside in my squad car
because it's standard procedure to wait
24 hours outside a crime scene in case
the killer returns which they almost
always sometimes do so you let me know
if you hear another scream now that you
did last time face all right Simmons be
on the lookout for a killer all right
what does it look like I don't actually
know but just look for anybody
suspicious all right what oh what about
him huh he doesn't look that suspicious
but he's not wearing a seat belt so
let's pull him over anyway all right
[Music]
all right Simmons I'm gonna go give him
a ticket for not wearing a seat belt you
know click at a ticket all right Mike
excuse me sir I couldn't help but notice
you weren't wearing a seat belt oh
oh yeah well sorry he's not gonna save
you life if you get in an accident so
unfortunately I'm gonna have to write
you a ticket oh come on man can't you
just let it slide no and I am gonna have
to ask you to put that knife away while
we're talking I'm getting a little
nervous all right wait is that an open
container oh man it's empty yeah I don't
care have you had anything to drink
tonight sir only a few well step out of
the car sir Ollie that really necessary
yep come on
what am I gonna tell my wife I'm on
focus focus we're gonna do a field
sobriety test so I need you to say your
abc's I'm gonna lose my job come on come
on just say your abc's for me oh fine a
b c d oh damn yeah I always got some
moves H I J K L M N O P
q's okay all right well okay hold on
maybe maybe give me that give me that
keep going though yeah boy probably
should have padded you down first
that's very good okay so I need you to
walk in a straight line for me okay yeah
easy okay good so just go over there go
over there yeah just over there and then
walk toward me in a straight line all
right well turn around turn around this
way now walk toward me straight line
straight line okay yeah you were pretty
drunk all right I'm sorry man I'm gonna
have to take you in you're under arrest
ah come on man nope nope come on come
with me
all right Simmons you're gonna have to
sit back there with him I didn't have
any handcuffs so just grab him if he
tries anything all right but I gotta do
some paperwork about this arrest so do
you guys like games oh my games what
about murder mystery oh I'm terrible at
those I suck at clue I got a clue for
you what's black and white getting red
all over oh I know this one a newspaper
me after I murdered
in the [ __ ] I don't get it I don't get
it either you got to get some better
jokes man these drunk if you just play
some music oh yeah but the only thing I
have hardcore rock and roll oh perfect
turn it all the way
[Music]
guys screw this paperwork let's go to
Denny's oh my God Simmons you know what
I think that guy might have been the
killer all right that's it your son's
under arrest
because my partner was just killed by
somebody wearing that mask oh come on
anyone could have that mask and jeffy's
been here the whole time oh yeah then
where are his ass in Prince his what his
ass imprints from his ass on the couch
from sitting here so long oh I don't get
those because I sit on my knees that
seems really bad for your knees God I
wish I had legs listen Jeffy didn't kill
anyone he's been here the whole time I
promise okay if you say so I guess I
believe you but now the Trail's gone
cold well have you talked to the person
who found Chef hippie's body because
usually who smelt it dealt it yeah but
he who denied it supplied it so what's
that say about you well did the person
who smell it also deny it he did I'm
gonna go talk to him
[Music]
the yellow goes before the orange idiot
I know my colors I'm still
alone all right well I need to talk to
you did you find the killer oh yeah I
did you want to see a picture of them
yeah I want to see who killed my chef
take a good hard look
you know who that is
your phone's off what [ __ ] how did that
didn't go to sleep hold on
this is gonna be you're gonna be very
surprised when you see who it is
is it backwards it's hold on hold on
that's not who it is that's it's not
okay hold on
who is that that's me exactly you're
under arrest for killing Chef Pee Pee
and my partner I didn't go Chevy being
your partner oh yes you did what proof
do you have you found Chef peepee's body
and that's pretty much all I have but
that's pretty suspicious right I was
gonna ask him to cook me dinner and what
if he said no what if you get so mad
that he wouldn't cook you dinner that
you picked up the kitchen knife and you
stabbed him and you kept stabbing him
over and over until he was dead huh well
I don't think that happened well maybe
maybe you blacked out because you were
so mad because that happens sometimes so
were you mad huh were you Angie mad mad
I I don't think so come on kid just
confess so I can arrest you I can close
this case and then we can go to Denny's
before I take you to jail huh how's that
sound you know you get a grand slam
witch huh moons over my hammy huh
that
oh my God somebody forgot to put the
toilet seat down that is so rude there
are ladies in the house I guess not
anymore she's dead okay how'd you do it
how did you kill her while we were in
the other room well because I'm not the
killer hmm that wouldn't make sense okay
so that means the killer has to be
either Marvin or Jeffy get out of my way
all right one of both of you is under
arrest for what your wife is dead what
well you're shocked so it can't be you
and you're literally wearing the mask
see this is what I've been saying it's
got to be you no he's been here the
whole time oh I see you're in on it you
probably wanted your wife dead I mean
hey I've been there I totally get it but
then Chef PeePee was probably banging
your wife so you had to kill him too and
then my partner my partner just got in
the way so you had to kill him yeah it's
got to be you just admit it so that we
can go to Denny's and then I can take
you to jail huh Grand Slam which Moon's
over my hammies somebody go to [ __ ]
Denny's with me listen it wasn't us we
didn't kill any
could have done it then hmm
could you stop that we're trying to
think over here
[Music]
yes thank you
leave this rolling pin at the top of the
stairs
look Marvin the rolling pin worked I
mean that clearly wasn't him falling
down the stairs there was that stuffed
elephant in his costume but we got him
look he got stabbed by his own knife
well before you die let's see who you
really are
booby
why well why'd you kill all those
characters because I only want it to be
poopy characters so I killed Chef PeePee
and Rose in Simmons because I only want
to be pooping
[Music]