jeffy dinner's ready oh man i can't wait
to eat pizza
daddy what is this it's a hot dog jeffy
i don't want to wear my mouth daddy that
sucks you've had hot dogs before jeffy
just eat it no baby if you get him a
napkin so he doesn't make a mess okay
jeffy you ate that hot dog already he
did sure did mommy i scarfed that wiener
down like a girl trying to get her rent
paid jiffy what that's what they do we
know jeffy do you want another one you
ate that really fast no daddy i'm full
you're a grown boy i'm gonna get you
more
here's three more jeffy but daddy the
wrench already paid well you can get
ahead on rent baby can you get him a
drink so he doesn't choke okay
jeffy you already ate all three hot dogs
wow you ate that so fast sure did can i
go play toys now baby we should sign up
jeffy to our hot dog eating contest
marvin i don't think we should profit
off of jeffy eating unhealthy foods oh
come on he's gonna make millions of
dollars jeffy do you want to make
millions of dollars eating hot dogs
could be good could be see he
doesn't care look i'm gonna call a food
competition eating advisor man judge
what i don't know i'm gonna call someone
anyway is somebody call a hot dog eating
fast committee advisor man wait you're
from the board meeting of fast eating
food people i i think i am that sounds
right yes yes i am look what i'm here to
do is to just test how long it takes him
to eat a hot dog to see if he can be in
a hot dog eating contest well jeffy can
eat hot dogs really fast tell him jeffy
yeah i can eat it really fast yeah so he
i think we can set a world record okay
well see i have this time right here and
what i'm going to do is test how long it
takes him to eat one hot dog and then
i'm going to do the math to see how many
hot dogs he could eat in 10 minutes okay
jeffy are you ready yup okay and go i
have to sneeze oh
whoa you ate that so fast that only took
you like four seconds that's like that's
like 150 hot dogs in 10 minutes that'll
blow the world record out of the water
what's the world record 76 hot dogs in
10 minutes oh my god jeff you're gonna
set a world record no no no no no no
hold on hold on there's been a lot of
cheating in the hot dog eating community
okay there's been a lot of people who've
been like hey look over there and then
they just throw the hot dogs over their
shoulder into like a flower pot or
something oh no yeah we don't want that
so what we're gonna do is see if he can
eat five more of these bad boys then i'm
gonna time them okay okay let me get
jeffy five more hot dogs all right jeffy
here's five hot dogs all right now when
you eat these hot dogs i'm gonna watch
you like a hawk to make sure you're not
cheating okay my eyes are never gonna
leave your mouth got it yep all right
let me start the timer
oh wait i can't look at the timer
because i have to watch you
i can start the timer no no i have to do
it because if you do it you might tamper
with it hold on i'll get it
go up
go up and do that to the right
more up
more up oh right there right there did i
get it yes go oh mommy why is your
nipple out what no it isn't
oh oh my god did you eat them already oh
my god that was so fast i wish i could
have seen it but when somebody says
nipple i just jump like a dog whichever
you ate five hot dogs in nine seconds
yeah that's pretty good man i guess i'll
have to take your word for it but i mean
there's nowhere else you could have
hidden them so they have to be in your
belly and i couldn't possibly ask you to
eat five more hot dogs okay you know
what i'll take it i officially declare
you a hot dog eating contest contestant
jeffy's a contestant yeah he can compete
in hot dog eating competitions that's so
awesome jeffy you can try to win
millions of dollars now great all right
but you better train up because the
contest is tomorrow well it's tomorrow
yeah okay jeffy you need to get to
training right now i think i'm good
daddy my throwing arm is ready with your
throwing arm yeah cause i'm gonna throw
the hot dogs into my mouth oh okay yeah
we're gonna be ready tomorrow all right
i'll see you all there but keep your
nipples in your shirts okay i'm kind of
a horned dog
i don't know why i'm married i mean i
can shop around but i can't buy anything
i did hire an escort one time because i
had a plus one for my daughter's piano
recital and i wanted the other dads to
think i had some arm candy you know but
then i caught her banging the janitor
and everybody thought she was my wife so
that was just even more embarrassing so
now whenever i go to pick up my daughter
from school everyone's like oh your wife
banged the janitor my daughter's like
dad why did mom do that i'm like that it
wasn't your mother
anyway i'll see you guys tomorrow
all right jeffy let's train for that hot
dog eating contest let me get you more
hot dogs all right so guys what do you
want to do today oh dude do you want to
put sticky notes on people's windshields
so they can crash their cars when they
drive they sound so sick but guys people
are going to notice the sticky notes on
their windshields before they even start
driving okay we'll put the sticky notes
on the windshield while they're driving
what okay first of all the wind would
blow the sticky notes off the car and
also how are we gonna get onto a moving
car we'll stand on an overpass or wait
for the car to drive under it and then
we'll jump land on the windshield and
start putting sticky notes but junior
we're not deadpool that would kill us
stop ruining all the fun dude you're so
lame hey guys all done we're trying to
find something fun to do but cody's
ruining all the fun i just don't want to
get hit by a car well i'm joining a hot
dog eating contest did somebody say long
meat sticks and throat holes no one said
that he said hot dog eating contest yeah
it's the same thing i can do that you
can't do that it's an eating contest not
a sucking contest i can multitask just
ask ken i can churn butter while blowing
a trumpet if you know what i mean how
many hot dogs can you eat jeffy i can
eat 150 hot dogs in 10 minutes child's
play i can double that number wait do we
have to use only our mouths or can we
use all of the entrances of the body all
the entrances oh yeah none of my holes
are exits and he holds a goal
i'm used to an intruder busting in the
back door cody it would take you 10
minutes to eat one hot dog yeah okay
yeah yeah sure whatever man could
somebody please inform junior of how gay
i am
anybody anybody want to tell them layman
yep i'm blaming that's right thank you
joseph oh jeffy can you please get cody
a hot dog to see how fast i can eat it
yup we'll see how fast you can eat it
cody okay all right junior here's the
hot dog you asked for all right cody why
do you have a shirt off oh well i just
didn't want my shirt constricting me
from eating the wiener and plus i do
better with my clothes off anyway but i
kept my bow tie on because i'm a
gentleman not a well we're going
to time you and see how fast you can eat
this hot dog so joseph when i say go you
start the timer okay okay dude all right
cody gonna try to eat the hot dog as
fast you can i know how to do it junior
three two one go on the knees hit her
back uh
it's only almost 10 seconds come on cody
take all of it
go
keep going as good as i thought it would
be yeah i thought you were fast
go go
how fast was that how fast was that oh
23 seconds oh it's not my best time but
i enjoyed myself well cody there's no
way you could beat jeffy at that time
hey look okay it's been a long time
since i took a wiener that big maybe if
i had friends that would let me practice
on them i wouldn't suck well i mean i
would suck but i wouldn't suck at
sucking i i would suck i
you know what i mean look you didn't
even finish the whole thing that
wouldn't count as eating the whole one
look cody just leave the hot dog eating
the jeffy he's good at it no i'm gonna
enter this hot dog eating contest and
i'm gonna win you'll see oh whatever i'm
gonna go practice guys i'll see you
later
i'd rather put sticky notes on cars
right hello and welcome to the
international hot dog eating competition
i'm your host steve staleberger and with
me is the joj brooklyn tea guy
more like steve stale hot dog right
cause cause this is a hot dog eating
contest and your last name is stale
burger so
stale hot dog
okay let's meet our contestants these
four fat asses are gonna commit one of
the seven deadly sins for our
entertainment they're gonna cram their
guts full of hot dogs until they can't
know more our first contestant is tubby
at soul macpherson oh man he sure looked
good
man steve i'd hate to give him a
piggyback ride you know because he's fat
and i'm not very strong our next
contestant is cody raw dog not kiss uh i
never asked to see the rules do do we
have to use our mouth oh man how do you
eat that many hot dogs and still have a
body like that i want his workout secret
then maybe my wife wouldn't cheat on me
all right our next contestant is jeffy
dog slinger jeffy
wait this is going to be televised of
course it is dumb for the entire
world to see me kick your ass and arena
swallowing oh what am i gonna do now i
personally saw that kid eat hot dogs
yesterday and man i'm telling you that
kid can eat him fast he's like a machine
our final contestant is 25 time winner
teriyaki kobayashi
come on bring it stupid americans man
chopsticks really didn't slow him down
you know if i use chopsticks i'd be a
lot thinner you know because they're so
hard to use like i can't pick anything
up like why just use a fork all right
contestants when i say go you have 10
minutes to eat as many hot dogs as you
can
get ready okay jeffy the competition's
about to start are you okay no why not
i'm not okay because i can't eat this
many hot dogs sure you can jeffy i saw
you eat this many hot dogs at the house
you're fine have your day have you seen
me eat this mini hot dogs before yeah
you ate a plate of five of them in like
two seconds you've ate them before
everything's good no because i was
distracting you and when you weren't
looking i was throwing them into the
flower pot behind me what yeah i've
never eaten this many hot dogs i can eat
maybe one maybe two but not this me what
you jeffy did if you screw with me well
we're on live tv you can't you can't be
doing this right now you ate all those
hot dogs right no i didn't dang i'm
telling you right now that i didn't eat
any of those hot dogs i was just
throwing them behind me
on national tv i wanted the prize money
to hey what you want the prize money so
bad you can get over here and eat all
these hot dogs look jeffy you cheated
your way here you're gonna cheat your
way to win what is he trying to put him
in his butt too we can can we not do
that
can somebody clear this up for me
because i mean if so i'll just sit on
the plate and then when i stand up it'll
be squeaky clean
every crumb in my bum but can you ask
though oh listen to jeopardy look i'm
going to try to distract the judges but
you're going to try to win this do your
best to try to look like you're eating
them and hide them or something i'll do
what i can daddy all right we're ready
to start on your marks get set
go
nobody answered my question so i'm just
going to put them in my butt
hurry up you're in the last place
man the fat one sure is chowing down
which fat one steve uh hey uh does
anyone know where the bathroom is hey no
spectators allowed in the boat yeah sure
man it's just down the hall on the left
next to the vending machine but i mean
hey just a heads up that vending machine
does not work okay it ate my dollar and
i really wish i had that dollar back
because there's another vending machine
that does work like two hauls down and
that one has cheez-its hey focus on the
competition wait did you notice that uh
three of the three of the contestants
have nipples out what nipples no really
oh nipples these nipples see jeffy
doesn't have a different don't look at
him
hey can throw your hot dogs here no i'm
not
[Music]
well there throwing food is an immediate
disqualification you two are
disqualified
disqualified no i am not alert in 25
years i'll kill you
that's right hit him hit him suck him in
the mouth oh man now this is fun to
watch security could you please get
these two bozos out of here
thank you security well that was my son
so i i guess i'll just go what's this it
looks like we have a winner
okay okay my colon's about to burst but
i did it the winner is cody
colin mudkiss oh i did it really i won i
take that junior and joseph oh man i
gotta poop
hi marvin how did the competition go
jeffy got disqualified for fighting
another contestant oh no is jeffy okay i
sure am mommy oh jeffy i just know you
would have won if you hadn't gotten to
that fight no he would not win he was
never going to win because he actually
wasn't eating the hot dogs this whole
time what yeah he said he was throwing
him over the corner in the flower pod i
told you daddy look just shut up jeffy
don't get my hopes up about winning
prize money ever again well can you go
get me some pizza jeffy say please
hop ass go
ow
hey chumps you're looking at the newest
hot dog eating champion you actually won
cody yeah although it's more like the
hot dog stuffing champion because my
caboose is all full of meat how much did
you win dude yeah how much mine did you
win oh there was no prize the only prize
was my free medium french fries that i
get every week yeah that's right we
remembered and we're gonna keep doing it
too oh yeah hold these ken look at these
french fries
they're so tired
they're so good and they're free
[Music]
you