tell me what is that come on chicken
daddy I'm choking the chicken don't rip
the chicken in here you're gonna chop
the chicken do it in your room all right
daddy oh sorry daddy it slipped well
don't let it slip again hello hey Mario
I need you to get down to the library
immediately the library why because
we're having a very quiet business
meeting and I need you here okay uh can
I bring my son with me I don't have a
babysitter well is he gonna be quiet
no woman there's your answer Mario okay
I'll be there about ten minutes I got a
babysitter
how about be here in five minutes okay
I'll be there in five minutes
how about three minutes okay I'll be
there in 30 minutes
how about just be here now okay look
it's gonna take you a few minutes I'll
be there fast I can't okay good okay I
need a babysitter Who am I gonna call
ghostbusters call the cops
I feel like if I can go hello hey there
you call the police
yeah come inside okay no my son needs a
babysitter and I was hoping you could
babysit him but no I'm a cop not a
babysitter well it would only be for
like 30 minutes no I have better things
to do like what well you know like stop
and crimes like writing people tickets
and tasing people and eating doughnuts
well it's only for 30 minutes I don't
have a babysitter I can't leave them
home alone okay but what happens if I
get a call for like an armed robbery or
something oh you're not gonna get an
armed robbery call it's the middle of
the day nobody's gonna rob something in
the middle of the day well you'd be
surprised but look it's only for 30
minutes okay fine but just be quick okay
I'll be really quick Jeffy behave
you have to listen to me I'm a cop hey
kid you want to listen to the police
radio okay pretty cool sometimes I fall
asleep to sandwich shop please use
extreme caution subject is armed and
dangerous
oh my god an armed robbery I gotta go
help but I promise to watch this kid
look kid I need you to come with me and
play and leave the chicken okay all
right Jeffy you stay in the car
I gotta go in there and do something
what's happening what don't worry about
it just stay here it's too dangerous
hungry we don't maintain the truck I'm
going time go sandwich
Jeffie jiffy you just stop the robber I
did yeah you're a hero
all right guys I'm back what guys guys
Wow Jeffy you are a real hero Thank You
mr. oh what's going on well Jeffy has
stopped it on robbery all by himself
what's forget him Betty you're talking
to an armed robbery look I warned you
this could happen but it's okay and
worked out Jeffy saved the day
yeah daddy look at my metal I don't
believe any of this happened it's all
over the news
I knew they a child has stumped an armed
robber at a local restaurant here's the
police chief now the special press
conference hello today we are
celebrating the heroism of these two men
this officer here was shot by a nerf
bullet in the line of duty and from that
he has been awarded the Purple Heart
thank you thank you so much a girl with
myself and this child here Jeffy
single-handedly stopped an armed robber
oh actually I used both of my hands
right well for his heroism he has been
awarded the Congressional second-place
Medal of Honor
what chef Lee you actually stopped it on
robber that's so brave of you yeah Danny
and I even got a second place metal
second place metal why'd he get a second
place medal now because spider-man get
the first place medal he always gets the
first place medal what did spider-man do
well you see Jeff he just stopped an
armed robber but spider-man stopped the
train from derailing with his bare hands
you tell me which is more impressive
well it's still cool that you got a
medal jumpy
yeah we're even offering Jeffy a job as
a cop what he's 15 years old yeah but
you see how he handled that robber you
took him down I couldn't do that I got
shot he got a medal well I don't think
Jeff he should be a cop because he's too
young and I think he has the rest of his
life to think about what he wants to be
when he grows up but daddy I want to be
a pop policy he wants to be a Popo whoa
Jeff II being up being a pop Popo is
very dangerous and I don't think you
should do it okay people up yeah it's a
spirit what would you feed being a Popo
II do you don't just beat people up
right yeah okay well Jeff if you really
want to be it then then that's fine but
be careful okay okay all right great
I'll go get his stuff all right Jeffy
there's your official police uniform now
you wear that badge with honor just know
that you can walk around telling anybody
what to do you are the law peepee yeah
all right let's get you your gear and
this here's your beat and stick when
people get up buddy you just whack them
with it like oh let me try not me ouch
okay these are your handcuffs you use
those to arrest people and these are the
keys do not lose them all right now this
is your gun it's not real because you're
a child but there you go just don't
point it at anybody all right this one
more thing you got
before you can become a police officer
you got to get tased okay all right now
hold still this is gonna hurt a lot oh
no it's fun do that again really yeah
okay did that hurt
no it felt silly oh no that really that
hurts a lot okay all right all right
Jesse I think we're ready to go on
Patrol
let's stop some bad guys all right all
right Jeffy this is your first Patrol
we're on speed ticket duty so we're
gonna sit here we're gonna wait for
somebody to come by who's speeding then
we're gonna pull them over and give them
a ticket okay okay there's gonna be fun
yeah it's bitter fun sometimes it gets a
little boring but whoa whoa did you see
that guy you must be doin ten over the
speed limit let's get him all right
Jeffy we got him now I need you to
follow me and watch how we give a
routine speeding ticket okay
all right Jeff you watch this sir sir
roll your window down
sorry oh man I know this guy he's not
gonna roll his window down he thinks he
doesn't have to roll his window down yes
you do sir roll your window down roll it
down sir you better roll your window
down you better roll it down no sir if
you don't roll your window down right
now I'm gonna break your window this is
all legally be has to sir we've been
through this before roll it down more a
little more no boat is all I have two
rolls it down learn the law no you will
learn it roll your window down more bond
this is all you get all right fine sir
do you know how fast you were going oh
you can tell me how fast I was going cuz
you pulled me over
sir I know how fast you were going but
do you know how fast you were going well
if you know how fast I was going why
would you tell me dude okay fine sir you
were going too fast you were speeding
well too fast I know but you better give
me a novel yes sir what a bliss let me
just see a license of registration
please
do you gots a war no that's not how this
works yes it is you have to have a
warrant to ask for my license
registration no no sir I don't have to
have a Lauren just show me your license
I will tell that to Facebook
cuz I'm recording you look Facebook this
officer trying to violate my right
pulling me over he don't have no warrant
for my license registration
okay Jeffy sometimes they're gonna try
to record you they're allowed to do that
but just tell them they're not okay so
you're not allowed to record me yes I am
this is my second Amendment rights I can
record you and I can put it on Facebook
say hi to Facebook officer so you're not
allowed to record me just give me a
license
I don't have to yes you do sir give me a
license right now I'm a room don't do it
I'm a rollin you better not run what you
turn the car on here we go
I'm all wrong you better not run here
our goal so you better not do it
sit sorry sir I'm leave don't you do it
I'll meet you
well there he goes all right Jeffy back
to the truck all right let's get him
he's already gone
wait we're not going to chase him no
it's the whole thing I don't really have
that much gas and he's already far away
and he's in a car and I'm in a truck and
it's dark so no that's okay we got his
tag number we'll get him later but I
hope you learned a lot from that you
know if I had got him out of the car
first before he drove off we would have
had him so just just remember that
always get him out of the car first all
right now let's wait for some more speed
as' I used to be a drummer in high
school so cool anyway what's your
favorite kind of doughnut shop quiet
oh yeah mine's cream-filled whoa do you
see that guy let's go get them all right
Jeffy we got them now I'm gonna let you
take this one by yourself I think you're
ready okay all right now just remember
what I taught you got it roll your
window down oh I'm so sorry
officer are you on this beautiful night
oh I'm sorry officer
were we speeding yeah you were oh no if
only there was something I could do to
get us out of this yeah yeah you can
show me some license and registration
oh I say we waste them hold on baby I'm
good with persuasion give me a second Oh
officer I wasn't paying attention to the
- I didn't know we were speeding but my
wife is she's in labor
oh you in labor baby oh I'm in labor oh
I think I feel the baby coming I feel
the hair the baton agony my wife is in
officer we need to get to the hospital
fast you're not going anywhere until you
show me some license and registration
can't l'm uh uh officer um can I just
get a warning please you can get out of
the car that's it I'm recording you
yeah record this for Facebook baby hey
Facebook can you believe this
there's the officer tried to arrest me
cuz of my skin color and I'm in labor
oh if you don't get out of the car I'm
gonna tase you no I go to church
no go to church what you are watching is
cell phone footage of a police officer
tasing an innocent man the police
department has responded by firing the
officer and they're holding a live press
conference now let's go to that are we
rolling okay good d'arnot Jeffrey give
me that badge you embarrassed the entire
police department what I didn't do
anything
no we don't have any more room in this
precinct for crooked cops now you get
out of here Oh what what's going on
all right Jeffy you safely home from all
the rioting what happened
no Jeffy he had taste a guy who said he
went to church and they got it on camera
but you wouldn't give me as I see George
registration and I didn't want to run
your wine yeah but they got it on the
cell phone camera doesn't look too good
kid sorry we got to fire you oh man I'd
like to be the Popo so what's gonna
happen now no well your son can never be
a police officer now and you should
probably stay out of the public for a
little while anyway I'm done here bye
well Jeffy at least you're home safe
what are you gonna do now that you're
not a cop Wanda let me keep the Taser
[Music]
[Music]