so guys what do you want to do today ooh
i know we should go to the arcade and
play games that sounds like so much fun
yeah dude does anyone have any quarters
no dude i'm poor i swallowed one a week
ago and i've been digging in my poop
trying to find it and i haven't found it
yet i think i have some let me see
i have four quarters two nickels and a
penny why do you have a penny i don't
know who even uses pennies anymore hey
dude you know if you throw a penny from
the top of the empire state building you
could kill someone no oh yeah dude no
it's true the momentum from the penny is
like a bullet let's try it well yeah
that'd be so cool we should try it yeah
but guys we'd have to go to new york
city why don't they go to new york city
because that's where the empire state
building is i didn't know that you
didn't know that i don't know my
structures and geography and stuff look
how about we just use this money to buy
our plane tickets to go to new york city
junior this isn't 1950. you can't buy
plane tickets for 25 cents well let's
ask chef pee pee to buy his plane
tickets new york city i highly doubt
chef pee pee is going to be willing to
pay for all of us to go to new york city
or might as well go ask him man oh man
i'm so excited hawaii here i come hey
chef pee pee no not right now junior i'm
packing my bags for hawaii how can you
afford to go to hawaii check this out i
sold one of my kidneys for five thousand
dollars why would you sell one of your
kidneys you have two kidneys junior and
i don't need this one so i sold it for
five thousand dollars yep so i'm gonna
pack my bags for hawaii
this is gonna be a blast now all i need
is my money
where's my money i need my money it was
right here where is it
see cody i told you chef pee pee was
gonna pay for us to go to new york city
we stole his money i would say we
borrowed it well do you intend on giving
it back no then we stole it listen cody
when chef pee pee finds out why we go to
new york city he's gonna know it's for a
good cause it's not for a good cause we
might kill somebody in the name of
science it's a science experiment cody
yeah i want to go to the top of the
empire state building and throw a penny
off and see what happens yeah it's going
to be really cool junior
hey chef peepee what's up have you seen
my money oh the money that was on the
kitchen counter yes uh no i haven't seen
it well i i need my money i'm trying to
go on a trip to hawaii oh well listen i
just i don't know where your money is
wait wait why are you laying down like
that uh because my back hurts man i'm
tired well get up uh i can't get up
because uh because me and junior were
about to make out what yeah yeah we were
and i haven't brushed my teeth in over a
week i'm not getting up well then you
might as well stand up then oh yeah yeah
cody kiss me
ew girls that's the pizza oh cody why
would you do that junior i'm not gonna
miss an opportunity to smooch you all
right listen let's take this money let's
go to new york city so we go to the
empire state building
do it jeffy do it all right
ow
what hey oh hey did you just throw a
penny off this it was him it was him
you're going to jail cool
marvin have you heard from jeffy no he's
probably in his room who's texting me
jeffy just said he'd do a penny off the
top of the empire state building and hit
someone what
hey there oh officer what's going on
well your son just threw a penny off the
top of the empire state building and hit
someone jeffy why would you do that
because i wanted to see if you would
kill someone don't say that in front of
the officer too late i already heard it
your son's being charged with
involuntary attempted manslaughter is he
going to jail probably but the guy
didn't die although he is suing jeffy
for the boo-boo he sustained marvin we
have to get a lawyer we can't hire a
good lawyer we don't have the money how
about a bad one what i'm a lawyer not a
very good one but i'm cheap how much do
you charge what do you got uh we don't
really have anything okay i tell you
what yeah if i win you take me out to
applebee's and you let me buy whatever i
want applebee's yep uh okay deal yes
suckers come on jeffy let's go to court
order
i am george buber
and today we will be hearing the gaze
of jeffy jeffy
no relation to me whatsoever
jeffy jeffy is accused of involuntary
attempted manslaughter and poopy is
suing him for 1 million dollars in
personal harm
prosecution
precede the
prosecution exam
your honor my client looking good for me
back at you judge
yes
continue
your honor my client poobie was
innocently walking down a new york city
street when all of a sudden bam abraham
lincoln in coin four fell from the sky
and clocked my client right in the
noggin right there is where he got hit
now poobie tell me what were your
thoughts when that happened i know it
might be hard to remember considering
that the coin has caused memory loss
well i was really just wondering who
threw that penny did you get a good look
at him i did not they were on top of the
empire state building do you mind
pointing to the people who may have done
this to you
point over there to them um
guilty i'm sorry i didn't hear a single
word you said i was too distracted by
that ghastly wound on his head could you
cover it up with a bandage or something
can someone pass me some damn band-aids
please jeffy pass him some band-aids
okay
now you see that he has a throwing
problem guilty but no your client just
needs to learn how to catch
dude
can you kiss it and make it better sure
thank you
such a beautiful sight to see
continue your honor my client is
suffering from severe headaches and
migraines ever since the penny struck
him in the head he is now blind in his
left eye close your left eye because the
penny hit him right here so hard that he
lost the vision in his left eye also
women won't even go on dates with him
because of that hideous scar in his head
i told him that i got in a fight with a
bear but they don't believe me
we think jeffy intentionally threw the
penny at my client to cause these
damages
very persuasive prosecutor
defense attorney you better have a very
good reason why i should not bang my
gavel and call your client guilty in
this very instant
go
your honor my client is just a curious
little 17 year old child who heard a
rumor that if you throw a penny off the
top of the empire state building it'll
kill someone now what child do you know
that wouldn't jump at the chance to
commit manslaughter in the name of
science i know my daughter certainly
would so you're saying he did it
thinking he would kill someone that's
premeditated i not want to up the
charges to pre-meditated attempted
manslaughter instead of involuntary
manslaughter no no no no no your honor
my client was simply trying to bust the
myth that a penny could kill someone if
thrown from the top of the empire state
building which he obviously did bust it
because the penny hit that man and he
didn't die so jeffy just busted the myth
that makes him a myth buster now should
mythbusters go to jail no they should
get their own show called mythbusters
hmm yes i do like that show
prosecutor
how do you feel about the television
show mythbusters isn't it quite
entertaining it's it's okay your honor i
have proof that jeffy was not trying to
bust a myth he was intentionally trying
to hit someone with a penny right here
is a screenshot that i have taken from
jeffy's phone it is a conversation
between him and his friend junior i will
now read the conversation jeffy says i
can't wait to throw the penny off the
empire state building junior then says
yeah it's going to be so cool eggplant
emoji jeffy then says i hope we nail
some fool with it
my client being that fool
then junior says yeah he will be in so
much pain black santa claus
jeffy then says
bumping noggins two money bag emojis
your honor i think my client deserves
two money bag emojis for his pain and
suffering defense attorney what i am
seeing is very troubling new york
you'd better defend your little ass off
okay i'm not gonna lie this doesn't look
good but i have this this is a picture
of the empire state building now i have
a question how many people visit the
empire state building every day hundreds
thousands hundreds of thousands well
probably not that many but a lot of
people do and how many of those people
throw pennies from the top of the empire
state building at least a few so how do
we know that penny that hit your client
belonged to jeffy and not steve or bob
or someone we don't know i happen to
know bob and steve and they would never
do such a thing but many people will so
prove to me that that penny was thrown
by jeffy hmm that is true
i have thrown many a penny in my day
prosecutor cute the process your honor i
have just the evidence we need to close
this case i've taken more screenshots
from jeffy's phone these are text
messages between jeffy and his dad jeffy
says hey daddy i threw a penny off the
empire state building and hit someone
admitting that he hit someone jeffy's
dad then says no you didn't jeffy were
you trying to hit the guy
then jeffy says will i be grounded if i
say yes then jeffy's dad replies yes and
then jeffy says yes with a skull emoji
defensive
it looks like you've been backed into a
corner
how will you get out well i think maybe
my client needs to stop sending text
messages what are you doing i'm trying
to take a picture of the guy so i
continue to my daddy and tell him this
is the guy i was trying to hit with
depending give me that uh your honor my
client would like to uh plead insanity
that's it he's insane didn't know what
he was doing uh insane in the membrane
you heard that song
no i i got it um well we haven't heard
from the penny in all of this jeffy
threw the penny but how do we know that
the penny didn't choose to hit that man
it could have hit anybody so why did
didn't pick him huh i think we should be
talking to the penny let's call the
penny in here
yes good point
where is the penny that was used in the
assault it's right here your honor you
see that my client's scared of pennies
and but i don't know why you want
to talk to the penny the penny doesn't
talk it's sitting here not doing
anything doesn't have a mind of its own
can't make decisions but who's on the
penny honest abe he can't tell a lie and
he's under oath that's double the truth
telling your honor i want to question
that penny your honor this is ridiculous
you're not actually going to entertain
this are you
i want to see where this goes prosecutor
hand him the penny here
all right ladies and gentlemen i'm going
to ask this penny a few questions now
penny did jeffy throw you from the top
of the empire state building to try to
hit that guy yeah shut the hell up abe
or just lie i can't now when i'm holding
the penny the power of abe compels me
all right i've seen enough of this
nonsense jeffrey's guilty
yes we won we won we're going to be able
to fix your head in your vision
think fast
kill them
marvin how do you think the court case
is going well hopefully that lawyer's
doing his job hey we won the case so
let's go to applebee's come on hurry up
let's go right now we won yeah what we
did they dropped all the charges so get
your ass in the car let's go to
applebee's well i have questions okay we
can talk about it at applebee's let's go
oh i want the chicken wonton tacos me
too so let's go let's go to applebee's
right now but i have so many questions
yeah that's okay we can talk about it
over a plate of mozzarella sticks at
applebee's so come on marvin we can turn
on the news real quick no no we don't
need to do that because applebee's has
tv so come on let's go right now why are
you in a rush to go to applebee's
because i want to get there before they
close it's only six o'clock at night
yeah but this is this is applebee's they
got the dinner rush i want to make sure
i get a good table i have a special spot
so come on let's go let's go right now
come on chop chop let's go okay
oh man i am eating good in the
neighborhood thanks for the applebee's
man i mean you deserve it for winning
the case what are you talking about i
lost oh oh the case yes i did win that i
hey hey cheers for me winning the case
and and waitress could you refill my cup
please this is empty i thought we lost
but shut the hell up and eat your
chicken fingers ooh i can't wait to eat
my chicken wonton tacos
slow down there fatty maybe eat your
salad instead i might want some tacos
later you can't eat all this food oh yes
i can a good lawyer's a hungry lawyer
that's what my mom always said look the
news is on oh don't don't pay attention
to that hey look at this artichoke dip
huh it's they are really being cheap hey
can we refill the goddamn bowl please
you know wait the news is on no no no no
don't worry about that just look at my
steak what's up with this steak how it's
like a hockey puck it's so overcooked
breaking news okay i want a court case
where a man got hit in the head by a
penny that was thrown from the top of
the empire state building we have an
exclusive interview with the man now
so sir now that you've won your lawsuit
what are you gonna do with all that
money well i'm terrified of pennies now
but i melted that penny down and turned
it into the lenses on these sunglasses
and with the leftover copper i turned
that into a car you turned it into
a car yep
suck it pennies
ow
curse you
pennies what you lost no come on that's
that that's fake news somebody somebody
should report them for reporting fake
news oh man i do have to use the
bathroom though oh man my stomach has
just been hurting me all day long and
you know i had that whole drink earlier
so and by the way can i get a refill for
that please thank you you know what so i
think i'm just going to use the bathroom
just real quick hey are you going to eat
that burger yes no you're not i'm gonna
do that just thank you and then uh you
know i'll be back in about 15 minutes or
so but you got the bill right you paying
for this yeah thanks a lot buddy
[Music]