I can't wait to eat my meatball sub and
I can't wait to eat my vegan tofu ball
sub
I can't wait to eat dog [ __ ] Jeffy that
is healthy well Daddy Why do I have to
eat the green bean soup and you guys get
the yummy meatball sub because Jeffy
you're really young so you have to live
a long time so you have to eat healthier
oh well so that means if you eat that
that means you'll die soon and then I'll
get to eat whatever the hell I want
Jeffy just shut up and eat hmm
you sing well I had to make room in my
belly for my meatball sub oh I had to
make room on my belly for this
don't blow it this way go open up a
window all right I'm just going to take
this with me you're disgusting Jeffy
I open your window no I'm just gonna
throw this out there
Jeffy where's your sandwich I ate it
where's the plate I'm putting the
dishwasher oh good job Jeffy yeah I'm a
responsible boy Jeffy you let two flies
in the house go close the window okay oh
no Marvin what's on my sandwich
there's one in my face I got it oh no
Daddy's on the back of your head oh
you know boys stop it he wants that
hitting me he won't stop hitting me oh
you know what Jeffy that's it
we're gonna use Raid okay to get rid of
these stupid flies no more hitting me
with it okay
I got the raid where are the two flies
at they flew away Marvin did they fly
back outside no dang you told me to
close the window oh Jeffy can you go
looking for the flaws you want me to
search the entire house for two flies
well your eyes look into two different
directions so it shouldn't be too hard
that is true I'm on it daddy that was
mean baby I want those flies dead they
ruined our meatball date I was about to
go down on these balls
that was so study Jeffy go look for the
Flies hmm where could these flange be
what the
oh
[Music]
okay meatball sub get in my mouth daddy
the two phones you're banging on my bed
what's yeah come here oh they're trying
to reproduce baby not my watch take that
you're flying [ __ ] yeah you flying
[ __ ] stop banging on my bed Jeffy
where are the flies at I don't know dang
they were just right here you're not
lying to me are you no
Danny what
oh my God they had babies jumping quick
let's leave the room and close the door
lock them in here all right Daddy okay
Jeffy we locked him in the room what do
we do now we're gonna have to call a bug
guy come on baby where's my phone what's
wrong Marvin those two flies they
reproduce and now there's thousands of
them what yeah but don't worry I locked
him in a room well it's not gonna work
it's gonna work for now until we call an
exterminator and I know exactly who to
call just where's my phone
okay I found my phone it's ringing
please answer hello I'm cooking dinner
what you want uh we're trying to hire an
exterminator I'm retired I'm sorry no
you don't understand you're really good
at killing flies and there's a bunch of
flies in my house oh I stopped killing
fries long time ago after I Avenged my
dead grandfather oh can you come please
kill a few more flies they're all in my
house I vowed to never kill another
fryer again I'm sorry we'll have to find
someone else
[Music]
I'm sorry but there's nothing I can do
hey
hey what did you say to me fry I say
your grandfather was a [ __ ] and you're
a [ __ ] too oh I'll come over there kick
your ass fry I'd like to see you try
[ __ ] oh [ __ ] I'll call you [ __ ] I'm
on my way and I'm gonna kill all those
fries
okay he's on his way to kill the Flies
must be him hello
where is it where's the Goddamn fry what
is that this is my assault rifle it
shoots salt at fries and kills them salt
kills flies yes because to fry salt is
like little tiny bullets Cedar salt yeah
because real bullets are too big to kill
the fry well this is gonna kill the
Flies oh it's gonna kill them real good
oh they come upstairs look look all the
flies are in here oh my oh God gosh I
swarm of fries now which one of them
called me [ __ ] I think it was that one
oh you're gonna die you son of a [ __ ]
you're dropping like flies oh no I ran
out of salt It's Time to whip out Old
Faithful
wow this is for my grandfather
he ain't no [ __ ]
and neither of them
Oh no you're taking me away help me what
are we gonna do oh no they're getting me
down
oh what's going on they tied us up and
they're gonna kill us like they get my
grandma wrong I Don't Wanna Die I don't
want to die either listen up today you
killed 13 of my brothers so you will be
punished with your lives currently we
are spreading lighter fluid around your
house and Tommy here will use this match
and set your house on fire burning you
to death yeah I'm gonna burn you out of
death you put these damn it I didn't get
them oh come on can we work something
out nope you're gonna die so don't even
try escaping because we have flies
guarding the door oh man I don't wanna
die I got an idea we can call my son
he's very good at killing flies but if
someone can reach into my pocket and
grab my phone we can call him for help
my hands are tied up
oh my God Jeffy your hands are free if
you can just reach into his pocket and
grab his phone we can call his son hurry
hurry all right I'm looking for it I
think I got jumped in that's my egg roll
oh okay I found your phone now
all right it's ringing hello welcome to
the Great Wall of China restaurant
oh yeah can I get two orders of yum yum
rice please oh yeah the rubber masks and
it take us oh don't forget the egg roll
you got one in your pants Oh I want some
spring rolls and in order of spring
rolls please well you got a spring roll
you want something to drink with that
only sick Bell enough what are you guys
doing tell them about the Flies oh yeah
your daddy's tying up and there's slides
everywhere holy [ __ ] the Flies
is he bringing the spring rolls forget
about the food we're about to die
wow
whatever happened to the great
grandfather you never told me I think
you're old enough to know too everyone
got time for a story I'd like to be
saved first I'll tell you a story your
great grand horror was a warrior a
Chinese Samurai defending the Great Wall
of China from the mongorian fries the
fries will try to fry over the Great
Wall to take over China and he would
shoot him down with his bow and arrow
and cut him in half with his sword and
after a wrong day of battle he'd go home
and he'd make a bowl of chicken fried
rice and he was eating it with his
Chopsticks and as he take our bite of
fry fry it to his house and he started
choking like
and he fall over and die I was just a
riddle kid at the time and I woke up and
went into the kitchen holding my Frankie
to get a grass or rice milk and I see my
grandfather on the ground and I say wake
up Grandma wake up
and I poke him would he Chopsticks and I
find out he dead and I Cry
so I take his Samurai's heart and I go
outside and practice and next day I go
out and kick Mongolian fried ass to
avenge my grandma
that store is so sad I wish I could have
met my great-grandpard that's why we
have to cure all the fries to avenge
your great grandfather that make me want
to kill every fly can you untie us first
sure come here fry go get him too why
did he untie us first Chevy use your
open hand and cut US Open
okay I got the Rope off let's get out of
here we gotta go see if my son two needs
help he might need backup but the house
might burn down yeah we're getting out
of here come on Jeffy what did it's up
to me
my meatball sub is almost done
I hear you stupid fly make me [ __ ] wait
what'd you say oh thank you for killing
that fly for me oh this is no problem oh
my god Tommy no get him guys
what
oh you're dead now and no one's here to
save you
there was salt in the pantry you saved
my life father no two you saved my right
by carrying all those fries you just
write your great grandpa I'm like a
great grandpa I'm so honored yeah let's
go celebrate with some chicken fried
rice and some rice milk okay Marvin I'm
so glad all those flies are gone and
that the house wasn't burned down when
never opening a window ever again oh my
God
oh
bubble Oh Martin it's just a baby fly
can we keep it good job too uh it's dead
now well now time for a bill you call
exterminator and we exterminate uh I
forgot that I had to pay you guys get
them too
you pay [ __ ] boy yeah [ __ ] are they
gone
[Music]