and done my pipe cleaner Turtle turned
out great hey Cody you want to come
outside and play basketball with us yeah
dude come get crossed over no sorry guys
I'm making pipe cleaner art what's pipe
cleaner art that's where you take pipe
cleaners and you make stuff with them
like look over there I made an octopus
and a snail and a caterpillar and a pig
and an elephant wait wait wait you made
your mom twice
your mom's fat like a pig and an
elephant ah yeah that joke's not getting
old after all these years well what else
am I supposed to make fun of Cody your
ugly face your ugly pipe cleaner art
yeah well if you don't shut up I'm gonna
bend you over and clean your pipes with
my pipe cleaner and it's not fuzzy hey
check out my turtle hey there little guy
you want to go swim in the ocean cheap
cheap cheap I don't know what sound
Turtles make sometimes I just want to
kick them dude yeah your pipe player
Arch Lane Cody oh yeah well you don't
just make animals like you can make
other stuff too like like look I made
glasses so now you have six eyes
is nerdier and nerdier yeah you're
saying is impeccable isn't it
they're sewing at the door I'll get it
but come on Joseph make something I
guess so hello hey is Cody here human
Ken what are you doing here well I just
really missed Cody and I was wondering
if I could talk to him well he's
upstairs so you can come inside if you
want to okay also if you guys have never
seen human kin go watch eskimo movie
awaken hey Cody check this out I made an
alien burning down this jellyfish's
house oh juice if you have a wild
imagination I'd love to visit it
sometime did he go being weird again hey
Cody they're starting out the door for
you is it my mom tell her I'm not ready
for my bath and I don't want to be
breastfed yet you're still breastfed
Cody oh yeah it's good for your bones
how old are you dude I'm 14 but it's not
that weird a lot of 14 year olds get
breastfed at least that's what my mom
says hey Cody is that
human gen yeah it's me what are you
doing here I thought you were straight
well I was straight but after tasting
all the fish in the sea I realized I
don't like fish I like sausage I got a
big old Vienna sausage with your name on
it and I got a bun you can put it in oh
no you broke my heart last time how do I
know you're not gonna do it again
your heart this time Cody
just break your back damn can you have a
way with words but no no no you don't
care about me I bet you don't even
remember the Butt Buddy Song back that
button to you buddy
back that button to your buddy back that
button to your buddy I'll keep it nice
and warm spread your cheeks for your
body oh can you do care of course I care
oh ken I love you I love you too wait
Cody if you're gonna get back with that
Ken what are you gonna do with dolkin oh
screw him I don't need him I have the
real thing wait you do still have the
ABS right do I have my abs does that
answer that question oh damn I need
those forever can't tell me you'll never
leave me again I'll never leave you
again but there is one thing I need to
tell you I I was in a movie oh what like
a dirty movie that's okay we can watch
it together no I was in the Barbie movie
oh that's actually a really big movie
Margot Robbie's in that yeah so do you
think you'd want to see it with me oh
yeah sure okay yeah especially since the
popcorn and drink combo is only 19.99
well that's actually expensive as
Ken yeah but since I'm in the movie I
get 10 off concessions oh okay yeah so
do your friends want to go too guys see
Ken's movie dude I don't want to see a
girl movie yeah I don't want to see the
Barbie movie oh you should talk your
friends into going oh come on guys let's
go see Ken's movie no I don't want to go
no Margot Robbie's in it she is yeah
wait I think I saw a preview for it her
Feet's in the movie
[Applause]
let's go yeah let's go okay just make
sure you buy your own tickets I'm
a charity worker wait but you got my
ticket though right Ken oh see Cody it
would really help me out if you bought
your own ticket this time but I can get
your dinner okay all right let's go you
like popcorn right man I can't believe
you didn't want to drink for that large
popcorn oh I'm gonna get my drink later
I'm gonna be guzzling something I can't
believe these movie tickets were so
expensive I know right dude thanks for
paying my way now I honestly thought the
movie tickets are pretty cheap so you
guys ready to watch the best movie ever
what's this movie even about oh well
it's about Barbie escaping Barbie world
and going into the human world and I go
with her okay yeah let's watch
[Music]
so much fun Ken yeah it is uh Barbie
what Ken the police are behind us oh no
oh no it's a keep driving okay
God damn it what is she doing Barbie
pull over you're not supposed to be in
this world you're a child's toy if you
don't pull over I'll shoot you shoot
but then we die before we can give me
one last kiss okay
what you kissed Margo Robbie you didn't
like that did you of course not baby it
was just acting oh good because
apparently guys think she's hot or
whatever I don't get it well the only
person I think is hot is you oh can you
make it my balls blush wait is that your
phone oopsie poopsie looks like I forgot
to mute my phone oh it's my manager I
have to take this hello hey Canada you
getting as many people as you can to see
our movie yeah I got three suckers in
here right now perfect sell as many
tickets as you can sell sell sell look
man I'm doing my best get off my back
damn my manager is everything okay oh
just peachy he was just calling me to
tell me how booming ticket sales are
okay that's good but you're talking
really loud during this movie hey Joseph
look Margaret Robbie's feet oh
guys that's piracy and you're being
really loud are you getting it oh I got
everything I need oh the movie just
ended you guys want to watch it again
well we already got all the video we
wanted oh yeah I got everything yeah
send that to me oh you know it was okay
but I wouldn't want to see it twice oh
man come on guys let's go hey Cody don't
forget your 20 popcorn well it would
have been 19.99 if you got the drink oh
yeah okay okay
guys be honest on a scale from one to
ten what would you rate the Barbie movie
and tell me why you gave it a 10. oh man
my
man I have 10 but only because of Mark
I give it a seven only because of Margot
Robbie's feet oh okay well what about
you Cody I give it a two because you
kissed a girl and it hurt my feelings
it's siber and make a Rotten Tomatoes
account and maybe leave a good review I
don't know Ken that seems like a lot of
work no do it for me baby okay fine no
thank you so much do you think you could
talk to your friends into doing it too
it would really try the ticket sales
guys do you think you could make a
Rotten Tomatoes account and give Ken a
good review I'm only gonna write about a
feat yeah and I don't really want to do
that I have to make an email and sign up
that's AIDS oh no it wouldn't be that
way Kent are you getting a call Margot
Robbie why is mar got Robbie calling you
oh she probably just wants to talk about
a sequel I'll just go answer this in
another room why can't you answer it
here I would much prefer to answer it in
another room no you can answer it here
okay
hello karate how's it going baby oh you
know just promoting the movie crikey
mate when are you gonna come home we're
gonna have shrimp on the Bobby oh that
sounds great crikey I miss you are you
thinking about me uh-huh crikey I love
you yeah that's that's awesome but he
say it back bye what did Margot Robbie
want oh you know she just wanted to talk
about how good the ticket sales were so
baby did you make that Rotten Tomatoes
account yeah I did I gave you a good
review oh thank you so much is there
anyone else in the house that you think
hasn't seen the Barbie movie yet I don't
think Chef peevey's seen it oh can you
go talk to him for me baby Ken I don't
really want to talk about this movie
anymore okay well what do you want to do
I think we should just go on a date oh
great idea Baby Let's go on a movie date
can we just went to the movies let's go
to the park okay come on Ken let's
yeehan the Seesaw okay we again I don't
feel anything poking me in the back is
everything okay uh yeah just give me a
minute oh my God
the Bobby movie
movie
I have a picture with you sure hold on
again we're kind of busy here can you
tell them to go away oh come on Cody
it's just gonna be a quick picture okay
make it quick say cheese how about you
ladies get on the Seesaw with me okay
what can we give you a kiss on the
cheeks sure oh hell no hey ladies check
this out
that's it get out of here you
Ken I hated that tell your fans they
can't see you anymore that's gonna be
kind of hard to do Cody I can't hide who
I am oh yes you can put on this disguise
I'm wearing we're gonna go get ice cream
okay Ken with this disguise no one will
recognize you I look like Austin Powers
hola are you can't see get the hell out
of here come on can I get extra nuts we
could get mine in him oh I'm getting a
call it must be my manager let me go
take that but tonight
hello Dan what the hell are you doing
get out there and promote the movie some
more I know I know I just got done using
this sucker and his two friends to buy
movie tickets and to leave good reviews
so I'm gonna go ahead and move on to the
next sucker
oh baby
what's wrong Cody you're boohooing yeah
pretty loud I'm trying to enjoy my feet
I'm boohooing because I found out Ken
really was just using me I heard him on
the phone with his manager saying he was
just using us to get good reviews for
his movie Oh I thought it was pretty
obvious he was pushing it pretty hard
yeah he was only talking about the
movies as he got here Cody wait what do
you want go back home to that hussy
Margot Robbie just love me explain go on
you see the Barbie movie got a PG-13
rating so my manager wanted me to try to
get as many kids as possible in the
movie so you're saying you do care about
me no I just use you to get more ticket
sales so you really were just using me
yep you're an Ken okay bye what
what the heck was that about guys did
you see that I know dude crazy but check
this out I made a replica of Margot
Robbie's foot and look at this I'm
licking it
oh man what a dream yeah where's ryokin
there he is what look at that who puts
nothing left against his face on there
that's so silly look how bouncy he is
it's never love against how's it going
foreign
[Music]