hey there oh no you can leave we're not
going back to that Five Nights at
Freddy's place oh don't worry that place
has been demolished demolished good
because that place gave me nightmares
yeah I just came to give Jeffy his check
for the two nights he worked there $3.20
that's it yeah well minimum wage in
Florida is $12 an hour and he worked
there 8 minutes the first night and 8
minutes the second night and that's $160
a night so he gets $3.20 I work there
the second night you just kind of tagged
along I did most of the work here you go
Jeffy yay
$320 I'm I'm going to go get my frings
and buy
toys okay Cody it's time for you to draw
a card okay oh I don't want to get jump
scared yeah oh this gave us so many jump
scares hey guys look I just made $320
you want to go to the club and throw
pennies at strippers no Jeffy we're
playing the Five Nights at Freddy's
board game a Five Nights at Freddy's
I've had nightmares ever since I worked
there then we don't have to play this
game but what are we going to do for the
rest of the night oh guys I have an idea
we could have a sleepover at my house we
can tell scary stories and have pillow
fights it'll be so much fun I don't want
to sleep in the same bed as you Timmy I
do well you and Jeffy can stay in my
sister's bed since she's at band camp
and me and Cody can sleep in my bed I
mean we can do that you want to go Jeffy
sure let's go okay guys here's my
sister's room this is where you two will
be sleeping where's the TV oh we're not
allowed to watch TV my parents say it's
the devil trying to communicate with us
anyway let's go to my room Cody okay
this room is so boring Jeffy there's
nothing to do yeah all right your ass
it's 900 p.m. lights
out oh man now it's dark in here I'm
scared well I got this flashlight turn
it on turn it on oh yeah that looks so
cool H let me see it oh my God Jeffy we
could be like Ghost Hunters you want to
go hunt ghost yeah that'd be cool all
right let's go check and see what's down
this way all
right okay Jeffy let me know if you see
any ghosts okay Junior don't see any
here nope let's check down the stairs
guys what's going on yeah we heard
screaming wait a minute you guys are
playing pb's in the blanket and you
didn't invite us no Cody Freddy's over
there Freddy that's not possible you
just got scared from playing that stupid
board game no he's at the stairs go
check okay okay let's see there's
literally nothing why would they lie to
us guys quit screwing around guys if you
were embarrassed we caught you playing
peees in the blanket it's fine we were
going to play it too yeah we just needed
to borrow the blanket no Freddy would
really coming up the stairs that was
probably just my dad turning off the
light no it was Freddy right Jeff you
saw him yeah we both saw him guys just
go to bed yeah I can't believe they're
scared of the dark we're not scared of
the dark Freddy was really there yeah so
Cody what do you want to do wait did you
grab the blanket no I forgot it well now
we can't play pee pees in the blanket a
well do you want to go to the closet oh
do I want to go to the closet come on
you little rascal all right Timmy let's
get in this closet o me first
did you just hear them scream yeah I did
Junior do you want to go check it out
not really okay I'll go check it out if
you hear me scream you call the cops
okay uh guys are you okay we heard you
scream
Timmy
Cody you in
here
guys what happened Junior there's
another animatronic in their room did it
eat it had to cuz they're missing now
where's it at now I don't know it was in
their
room close the
door hold the door shut I am I am okay
we have to get out of here oh Jeffy what
are those things on the bed I don't know
Junior oh okay they ran away okay let's
go up that doorway right there let's go
that doorway okay Jeffy let's go down
the
stairs way this way let's go this
way back in the room back in the room
the door shut I am but what about the
other door oh no they have us trapped
okay here's what we're going to do we're
going to sit here and we're just going
to listen and wait for them to leave but
my daddy says I'm not good at listening
okay let's try to listen if we can hear
them walk away then we can escape just
listen
[Music]
Okay h I think I heard the move check
and see if they're still there okay
Junior there's no one there I promise
wait
really I li I guess we're stuck in this
room forever that sounds like a good
idea
junior did you hear that noise it sounds
like it came from the closet oh no okay
Jeffy open the closet door no you open
the closet door you're the one that
heard something
okay wait a minute that's just foxy he's
a good guy yeah he he's nice you're a
good guy
right you want to kill us
run open the door open the door wait
there's one behind this door too Fox is
going to get us go go
go run run
run what is that thing I don't know
Junior it looks like some kind of puppet
oh no the flashlight turned off oh
you're back on I'm
trying huh honey what is all that
screaming isn't Timmy having a sleepover
tonight well it's time for him to knock
it off rumpus time is over I'm going to
go put an end to this boys knock it off
with all that yelling before I take my
belt off and [ __ ] hit
you all right that's it spanking time
for all four of you all right boys who
wants her spanking
first it's the goddamn Easter Bunny what
the [ __ ] you doing here Easter Bunny
it's not Easter
it's the goddamn Smokey the Bear what
the [ __ ] you doing here Smokey the Bear
there's not a forest
fire huh Hank Hank are you okay
[Music]
Hank they have us cornered in every room
of the house we can't escape you want to
try that door again we can try it again
come on okay Jeffy I think one of us
should stay here and the other one goes
and distracts the monsters so the other
person can go get help okay okay so I
think
that I think you should stay here and
I'll go distract the monsters and then
I'll tell you when when to come out so
that you can go save yourself okay and I
I'll go distract him all right okay I
trust you yeah so you you you just stay
right here and I'll go do all the hard
work and and possibly get eaten so just
stay right here all right all right so
yeah just just just stay right here okay
okay I'm going
out he's in there he's all yours you're
you you [ __ ] I have to save
myself I'm almost fre I'm almost fre I'm
almost
fre
the hey there I heard a bunch of
screaming and thought I'd check it out
oh thank God you're here you know
there's animatronics from the Freddy
fazbears Place yeah well they're here
and they're trying to eat me that's
impossible that place burned down and
was demolished and it's also just a
video game they're not even real no
they're inside the house they've already
ate a few of my friends so you're
telling me if I go in there I'm going to
see Freddy Bonnie Chica and Foxy and
they're going to try to eat me yes if
you go in right now you'll see them okay
I'm going in but if I don't see them you
owe me $5 well I don't think you should
go in there cuz they're going to try to
eat you n you just don't want to give me
$5 okay come inside but they're going to
eat you okay I will okay be very quiet
they could be anywhere okay well first
of all it's dark in here let's turn some
lights on see look at that it's like
daytime nothing bad has ever happened in
the daytime except for 911 and Pearl
Harbor and the JFK assassination and the
Boston Marathon bombing you know what
let's turn these lights back off well no
I like them on turn them back on okay if
you say so who just turned the lights
off wait a minute I only know one [ __ ]
who likes to turn lights off and it's a
balloon [ __ ] oh you [ __ ] you
want to dance huh come
here that'll teach you to turn the
lights off I think you knocked his tooth
out oh let me see oh yeah I sure did
look at that maybe I'll put put that on
a necklace like a shark tooth you owe me
$5 cuz the animatronics are here no I
said Freddy Bonnie Chica and Foxy I
never mentioned the balloon [ __ ] well
the other ones are upstairs well then
let's get out of here before I owe you
$5 well I kind of abandoned one of my
friends upstairs with them what why
would you do that cuz I wanted to save
myself ah the coward's way out I like
the way you think but unfortunately I am
a police officer so I'm supposed to
protect and serve it's my job it's a
tough decision do I let a kid die or owe
a kid $5
okay let's go save him okay okay jeffy's
in that room and you said there's
animatronics in here uhhuh okay just be
ready
Jeffy Jeffy are you in here H I don't
see him what if they ate him just calm
down there's got to be something left
they wouldn't just eat him whole Jeffy
are you in here he's under the bed Jeffy
hey oh they didn't eat you no I ran and
hid under the bed where' they go Mexico
really I don't know kids let's just get
out of here before they come back did
you hear that yeah hide in the closet
Jeffy stay there hurry hurry hide okay
kid we're just going to hide in this
closet until they leave good idea
[Music]
[Music]
okay I think she's
gone oh no she is trying to get Jeffy
yeah we should probably do something
about that but that's scary I think
we're safe in this
closet what you're saying Foxy's behind
me oh hey foxy oh no don't worry about
him we're friends foxy what are you
doing we're friends remember what are
you talking about remember all those
good times look at this
[Music]
Montage see friends oh God oh God he's
eating me it hurts so bad oh my God this
is a
nightmare Jeffy come out from under the
bed I'm right here let's get out of here
while chica's on the ground okay
let's go downstairs let's go
downstairs it's
[Applause]
Freddy I got to get out here I got to
get out of here maybe this way oh no
she's chasing me she's chasing me where
do I go where do I go I'm cornered I
have nowhere to
go what's wrong Jeffy I had a bad dream
that all the Five Nights at Freddy
characters were eating us you just had a
nightmare Jeffy yeah and if you're still
scared we're about to have a sleepover
at my house we can all sleep in my
sister's room wait where's your sister
at I don't know I don't have my sister's
location uh actually it's called sister
location that's the name of the next one
so if you want to see the next one make
sure to like the [ __ ] out of this video
And subscribe