hey everybody ready to go back to Five
Nights at Freddy's three of you can come
this time no I'm never going back to
that place ever again yeah that place is
scary I don't understand why you don't
want to go back because the animatronics
tried to kill us well good news kind of
the place burned down last night it
burned down yeah all the animatronics
burned up except for one so I decided to
turn the place into a horror attraction
oh a horror attraction I want to go sign
me up no horror like scary oh darn I was
hoping for some good dome what do you
mean you turn into a horror attraction
well kids like haunted houses right so I
set the whole place up to look like a
big haunted house with security cameras
and everything like like you're really
there so I'm going to charge kids $10 to
come visit it do do you guys know any
kids that would pay $10 to come get
scared well three of my friends are in
that room over there you could ask them
three that's like 30 bucks okay yeah I'm
glad we're never going back oh man guys
I love playing the game of life I hate
this game why do you hate the game
because Junior I'm an astronaut and I
only make $60,000 a year you're a pilot
and you make 70,000 how does that make
any sense I go to space I fly higher
than you and I make less money and I
live in a studio apartment which I can
barely afford and you live in a
high-rise Penthouse hey kids oh hey Mr
police officer I got a question this
game says you make the same amount of
money as an astronaut is that true well
I mean I am an astronaut too so yeah I
guess that's true but anyway you kids
like getting scared like in haunted
houses yeah I love haunted houses but
it's November well you can get scared
any time of year I live in a dumpster so
every night it's scary great cuz I have
a haunted house that might actually be
haunted and if you guys pay me $10 each
I'll take you there $10 each um let me
see what I got I only have 40 oh great
that's perfect wait you owe me $10 back
well you're paying for me to go too what
if I don't want you to go well I'm
driving you so that's gas money so come
on all right guys let's
go okay kids welcome to Five Nights at
Freddy's ooh so scary yeah this place
burned down literally last night and I
just tried to fix it up as best I can
but there used to be these animatronics
that would run around and try to eat you
but they all burned up well there's
actually one left here I'll show you so
this is the stage wait why is the camera
so bad oh they're just shitty in this
one well why don't you get new cameras
I'm not going to spend hundreds of
dollars on good cameras I only charge
you kids $10 each but I can't see
anything it's all staticky we deal with
it okay so that's a stage and this is
the dining area where you eat scary
pizza ooh and this is the scary hallway
ooh and there he is the only animatronic
yeah I actually don't remember him being
here before and he's a lot heavier than
the others but look he's blocking the
exit so don't try to leave or he might
kill you I'm just kidding he's not going
to kill you oh yeah I also put some
cameras in the air vent because I've
been hearing this banging noise and I
think I might have a rat problem so if
you see any squirrels or rats or
something let me know there might be
rats oh I'm out oh we have our first
quitter what's wrong you scared no I
just don't want rabies okay well you're
not going to get your $10 or all this
free pizza wait you have pizza yeah
mushroom pizza you eat enough of that
you're going to start seeing some scary
[ __ ] I promise okay well I guess we can
eat some pizza but that's all we do is
just sit around and eat pizza oh no not
just that you see that red light see
camera and ventilation errors ooh so
what do you do well you have to reboot
it
ooh how do you reboot it well you push
this button right here and see it's
rebooting ooh isn't that scary I mean
this is all we do ooh look how long it's
taking oh
ooh okay so I guess hand me some pizza
Joseph I got you bro can you go get us
like a drink so we can have some drink
with our pizza okay it's still rebooting
this is taking forever I think it fixed
I think it fixed itself okay kids I got
you drinks all I had was a Coke and a
pink lemonade oh damn it's not a pink
lemonade hey I wanted the pink lemonade
nope it's mine give it to me no fighting
did you get a drink oh yeah I got my big
ass chug jug from waterburger I'm good
do you want some mushroom pizza oh hell
yeah I love mushroom pizza yeah I'm
going to I love me some mushroom
pizza so all we do is just sit here and
check the cameras I mean yeah pretty
much if you want we can check on that
animatronic he should still be there oh
he is not there oh I get it when you
went to go get our drinks you picked
them up and moved them to make this
scarier how lame no I didn't I promise
Who whoo kid you hear that in the vents
I bet it's that damn rat let's see what
it really is oh that that is not a rat
wait that that's animatronic yeah uhoh
okay let's just uh reboot that real
quick okay uh who wants to come check
the vent with me I'll go with you okay
come on I'm going stay here with the
pizza and make sure no one eats it all
right let's check this vent oh [ __ ] that
[ __ ] that right wait so that's not one
of your friends in a suit trying to
scare us no no that thing is very much
alive and I'm assuming it's trying to
eat us hey hey we're not going to open
this you you might as well just go back
and try another way
around yeah yeah just just go back that
way okay let's check the cameras and see
if they're back okay let's check the
cameras in the vents and see what he's
doing oh good he's backing up good just
go back where you came from that's right
just keep going God damn it I hate these
stupid cameras you know what we don't
even need these they suck we already
know where he is he's in the vents
actually I don't know why he keeps
taking the vents he could just walk down
the hall oh look it's Freddy wait how is
Freddy here you said there's no
animatronics well there's not but there
are a bunch of shrooms on the pizza so
we might start hallucinating and seeing
[ __ ] start hallucinating uh hey yo big
bro who the hell is this oh that's just
chica she's probably not real either um
chica's awfully [ __ ] close she got my
ass it's okay kid it's just in your head
wait she just ate Joseph yeah yeah she
did I don't want to start hallucinating
I wish I would have never ate any of
this stupid Pizza uh kid can I get a
little help here what this puppet things
get my face and it won't let go what am
I supposed to do I don't know just smack
her or something oh okay thank you oh
what are we going to do oh no not you
you get the hell out of here who's that
I don't know what the hell was that I
don't like this I'm freaking help me me
too man I am freaking out bro I ate way
too many of those mushrooms yeah me too
wait what's
that it's the guy from the vent he got
out stay back I'm a cop oh he's he's
actually leaving he must have active
warrants
I hate that what is that it's just the
hallucinations from all the mushrooms we
ate oh I wish I wouldn't have ate those
stupid mushrooms where do you think that
guy went I don't know he's right there
who are
you hey there Mr Winkle listen I didn't
mean to kill those five kids and shove
their bodies inside the animatronics
wait wait wait what the hell are you
talking about you did what now oh I
thought you already knew here's what
happened I opened Freddy Fazbear's Pizza
many years ago and then was this little
girl's birthday
party oh my God this is the best
birthday party ever Emily I can't
believe your parents R it out the whole
place I know it's cuz they're rich I
want foxy to give me a hug hey foxy give
me a
hug yay FY gave me a hug hey I want a
hug it's my
birthday oh yay I got a hug I want a hug
now hold on kids where's my hug uh
you're the owner not a character oh I
can be a character character let me just
put my suit on then he'll give me a hug
he's creepy I don't like that purple man
he's weird stupid kids won't give me a
hug unless I'm wearing a suit I'll show
them a
suit hey foxy give me a hug no foxy give
me a hug see I want a hug to yeah hello
foxy hey kids give me a hug Foxy's so
fun foxy is the best the hell out of the
way foxy okay kids hug time we don't
want to hug you no you're scary and we
stranger danger yeah we don't lie you
sple the g i put on this goddamn suit so
you're going to give me a
h let us go let us go let us
go stop screaming stop screaming I'll
kill you shut up sh up I'll kill you
stop screaming oh no what if I di they
just wouldn't stop screaming I just
wanted a hug oh my God what am I going
to do I can't go to jail I got to hide
the bodies I know I'll put them in the
animatronics yeah yeah that'll work open
your mouth Bonnie there you go get in
there get in there okay the cops will
never find you in there you you could go
inside Freddy yeah this is perfect good
good and you you can be chica yeah this
is good good after I put all the kits
into the animatronics I got stuck in
this one the spring traps malfunctioned
and this suit became part of my body
well you just admitted to a lot of
crimes so put your hands behind your
back you're under arrest you really
think I'm going to give up that easily
I'm going to kill you run kid
run Go kid get in the air
[ __ ] okay kid I think we'll be safe in
here oh [ __ ] there he is be really
really quiet oh [ __ ] I think my wife is
calling oh God damn it yeah I think my
wife made pot roast that's disgusting
who even eats pot roast oh no oh no he
heard me I was being too loud sorry kid
we're going to die I never thought I'd
die in an air vent wait kid do you hear
a skateboard I do hear a skateboard it's
foxy yeah kick his ass foxy yeah get him
get him foxy wait is Foxy good oh yeah
he's awesome hey hey foxy foxy can you
get us out of here
thanks thanks so much for saving us foxy
all right kid let's get the hell out of
here there's not much to do in the third
game
anyway I'm never going back there ever
again I've heard people say that three
times and there's a fourth game so I
don't even believe that anymore Jeffy
good thing you didn't go back that place
is terrifying I know Junior I'm never
going back there ever again because that
place gave
me
[Music]
nightmares
oh