so cody what do you want to do today i
don't know i'm hungry
for spaghetti
ow junior stop eating my hair it tastes
like spaghetti hey guys check out my new
girlfriend her name is taquita
quesadilla rice and beans cheese dip hot
plate whoa she's so hot i know and her
parents own a mexican restaurant and i
get to eat there for free catch me baby
you guys make out yeah we get the kiss
all the time why don't you kiss girls
huh uh i do kiss girls i just don't have
a girlfriend right now
i never see you kiss a girl in your life
dude well i've kissed plenty of girls
cody tell them about all the girls i
kissed jenny i've never seen you kiss a
girl i have kissed a girl dude i've
never seen you kissed a girl in your
life see i've even seen cody kiss the
girl before yeah my mom but she's like a
six well i've kissed a girl before dude
talk to me when you actually kissed a
girl come on taquita let's go to your
mexican restaurant
i've kissed a girl before chloe i've
kissed girls i promise
can you help me kiss another girl junior
i kiss boys i don't know anything about
kissing girls but cody you know how to
kiss guys so so maybe it's like the same
thing with kissing girls right so so
just teach me how to kiss a girl please
okay fine let's go to the park that's
where girls are okay
all right junior there's a girl should i
just run up and kiss her no you have to
have consent first so i ask her will you
kiss me no you have to have a
conversation with her make her like you
okay i got this
uh hey hi
you like ducks
no i wish my face was that duck what
will you kiss me no
what'd i do wrong cody well a lot you
were being weird how's that being weird
i try to have a conversation with her
ask her if she like ducks okay let's
just try somebody else um there's a girl
over there writing a toucan okay go talk
to her and don't be weird this time
should i ask her on a date yes yes
that's good a date could lead to a kiss
all right i'm asking on a date
hey hi
you like two cans yeah they're really
cool i see two cans i like junior i mean
i wish that toucan was my face junior
shut up i mean would you like to go on a
date with me tonight oh sure meet me at
the movies at eight okay we will we will
i mean my will not me and cody just me
wait what movie what theater junior you
have the date let's just go okay
all right junior there she is oh i'm
totally gonna kiss her tonight oh don't
forget your chapstick i'm not hungry you
don't eat chapstick what are you
supposed to do with it you put it on
your lips so they don't get chapped that
sounds like you're eating it you don't
eat it just hurry up and use it but
don't hold it like that like what that's
weird why but the way you're holding it
looks weird junior just don't be lame
use it okay i'll put it on real quick
you're not supposed to bite it it's
going everywhere it's like really gross
junior what are you doing uh uh putting
on chapstick uh weird seeing you here uh
we have a date oh yeah that's that's
what that was um so do you come to
movies often yeah i have a movie pass
that's dope hey junior if you need more
chapstick just bend over and get it i
don't need any more um so you like
popcorn yeah it's my favorite yeah i saw
you got the large
that's a lot of money
um why why do you think it's called
popcorn it doesn't pop when i eat it it
pops when it cooks
oh that's dough that's lit that's that's
facts um why is it called popcorn though
oh cause it's yellow like corn that
makes sense well because it's corn
kernels yeah it's made from corn oh yeah
that's that's right on that's
i'm getting nervous i need more
chapstick
julia what are you doing
i got my mouth um uh you want to make
out oh no i don't even know you she said
no cody well yeah you barely talk to her
well
i know how she'll kiss me i know it a
guaranteed way
i'll pay you five dollars if you kiss me
okay
she kissed me i got my first kiss junior
that doesn't count you paid her what no
she kissed me on the first date what a
hoe i mean i guess so look we can go
tell joseph that i kissed a girl and you
witness it right okay let's go
oh these shits are so good baby
guess what joseph i kissed a girl what
no way dude yeah i did and cody saw the
whole thing tell him about cody yeah he
kissed a girl but he had to pay her five
dollars
you had to pay her five dollars dude
what a loser my girlfriend pays me a
mexican food to kiss her well i still
kissed a girl so in your face dude
that's probably the last girl that
you'll ever kiss well how many girls
have you kissed i've kissed five well i
bet i can get six by the end of the day
dude that's impossible even if you paid
them well i already kissed one girl
today so i just had to kiss five more
you know what if you actually pull this
off dude uh i guess we'll let you eat at
her parents mexican restaurant for free
for a month a month of free mexican food
that's a pretty good deal junior you're
on joseph i'm gonna do it okay that's a
deal dude come on baby let's go get some
burritos
cody how am i gonna kiss five more girls
today i don't know you don't have thirty
dollars who says i have to pay him let's
be honest junior you're gonna have to
pay him you're right where am i get the
money at hmm jenny i'll give you five
dollars every time you kiss me ew why
would i want to kiss you because it's
hot and also if you get free mexican
food then i can have some because you're
going to take me so kiss me junior
okay fine but i'm only doing it for the
money okay
i like that that was hot
see you soon daddy
[Music]
uh
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
all right cody all i have to do is kiss
one more girl and then we get free
mexican food for a month so kiss me ew
no junior what's wrong with your mouth
what's wrong with my mouth it's a magnet
for girl's lips that's what's wrong with
it no there's like little red bumps all
over it wait they're probably just
pimples don't even kiss me no that's
gross junior i think you have a disease
i don't have a disease cody i just have
to kiss one more girl come on i think
you should see a doctor a doctor no look
i'll go ask chef pee pee what they are
they're probably just pimples well chef
pee pee's not a doctor well he still
knows more than us so i'm gonna go ask
him cause he's an adult oh man i can't
wait to eat my cinnamon roll and it's
only for me
wait chef pee pee do i smell cinnamon
rolls you made cinnamon rolls can i have
one no
oh god well can you cut it in half and
we share it no
wait dude what's wrong with your mouth
oh i have all these red bumps on my
mouth what's wrong with it i don't know
you tell me well i've been kissing a
bunch of girls you've been kissing a
bunch of girls junior you could have a
disease what kind of disease a ktd what
what's a ktd it's a kiss transmitted
disease junior wait what's that is it
bad serious yes it's from kissing all
those girls you should call a doctor
junior a doctor oh okay i'll call doctor
chef pee pee what ppc oh he said to
call a doctor that's exactly what i said
no you didn't say that that's word for
word no no that's not what you said
that's exactly that's not what you said
that's not what you said okay
just leave junior i'll call you when i
figured out thank you
we called doc hey there you call a
doctor yes doctor i have these red bumps
all over my mouth whoa kid what have you
been doing i've been with a lot of girls
oh yeah i've been there those were my
college days yep i had bumps exactly
like that just not on my mouth how'd you
get rid of them oh i didn't yeah no they
just come back sometimes and sometimes
they go away you just kind of learn to
live with it well there's no cure no
believe me i've looked why do you think
i became a doctor i don't want to have
bubby mouth for the rest of my life oh
bumpy mouth that's a new name for it
well i wouldn't have been with those
girls if i would have knew how to get
bumped on my mouth well how many girls
you been with five today
oh my man there you go pimp i wish i
could be with five girls in one day well
it wasn't easy i had to pay them yeah
whoa i'm sorry what yeah i had to pay
them they weren't gonna do it for free
oh okay that's illegal it's illegal to
pay yes it's illegal to do that no you
can't you can't do that i don't know it
was illegal they seem so happy when i
pay them yeah i'm sure they were listen
kid i'm a cop i could arrest you for
that but i'll just let you off with a
warning this time i have to do one more
girl today so i get free mexican food
for a month free mexican food give me
her number that sounds like a great deal
oh she's my friend what yeah so look i
said i just do it with one more girl and
then i get free mexican food so please
let me do one more time no no no no kid
you can't do that ever again i don't
want to catch you doing that again
you're going to be in big trouble oh how
am i supposed to give him the dude if i
don't pay him well you can't you're just
going to have to like talk to him and
stuff i tried that the girl said no i
even took one girl to the movies and she
said no yeah it'd be like that i just i
just really need a girl to do it real
quick no no kid you can't do that ever
again okay stop it don't pay money for
that ever again you're in trouble
okay
i just have to pay one more girl i get
free mexican food i'm gonna do it all
right is my mic working okay we're gonna
bust this guy oh he's coming be cool be
cool
hey big boy hey baby hey yeah you
looking for something uh yeah i'm
looking to exchange money for services
okay what are you looking for uh
mouth oh okay that'll be 50 bucks 50
bucks i usually pay five dollars five
dollars what kind of girls have you been
seeing that's why you got bumps all over
your mouth look all i got is five
dollars i'll be quick it won't last long
okay i'll take the five but say what
you're doing again i'm paying you five
dollars for for the mouth okay okay
that's good that's good okay so you
wanna do it right here out here in
public what are you crazy yeah just do
right here
all right thank you no no no no get back
here what was that i just paid you for a
kiss
for a kiss yeah i paid you five dollars
for a kiss what do you think i was
buying uh uh i i don't
look look you're under arrest oh you're
a cop yeah yeah you you paid for kisses
and that's that's illegal i guess well
what about kissing booths well that's
i don't know but you're under arrest
you're coming with me
all right kid we're going downtown but
first i'm gonna read you your miranda
rights who's miranda will she kiss me
down boy jesus hey junior did you kiss
the girls yet wait why are you getting
arrested dude because i was undercover
as a girl and your friend here was
trying to pay me to get undercovers with
him dude all you had to do was kiss the
girls nothing more well i did get a kiss
he just thinks that mel's happening well
i find it very unlikely that you went
through all that trouble for a kiss well
i just need one more kiss and i get free
mexican food yeah and you keep saying
that and i feel like it's slang for
something dirty but joseph explained it
to him look we had a bed that if he
kissed six girls in one day he could get
free mexican food for a month
oh
so this is just like a silly bet between
kids yeah and now i have bumps on my
mouth wait a minute like i kissed you
which means i'm gonna get bumps on my
mouth oh no karen get the mouthwash
so joseph technically i kissed six girls
because he was dressed like a girl so
where's my free mexican food dude she
broke up with me when she broke up with
you why yeah she said she was gonna get
with someone better what was it roy no i
wish it was roy oh man i would love to
see this loser yeah who is the new guy
hola muchachos cody yeah sorry for
stealing your girlfriend joseph i mean
i'm gay and all but free mexican food's
free mexican food but why does she want
to be with you what can i say guys
poppy's got a big hug come on baby let's
go slam some queso cheat dip
tostada rice and beans what are we gonna
do now joseph well i'm gonna go home and
cry dude okay
oh my god he forgot to take the
handcuffs off help help i'm in here guys
help hey there big boy oh no dear god
[Music]