Dam who wants to hear some Jeffy Tunes
I've been in the beat laboratory cooking
up some nasty beats now who wants to
hear it no Jeffy we're really tired
please just go to bed well let me just
hit this button 11
times no Jeffy just go to bed no I don't
have to no I don't have to I don't have
to go to bed right now I want to stay up
all night and play some fortnite I never
want to go to sleep again go to bed
don't have to don't have to don't have
to ever ever sleep again for I'm going
to eat lasagna and maybe a banana
singing Jeffy Wy do all to day hell yeah
thank you Connecticut I'll be here all
week that we totally righteous
rightous totally dude oh Jeffy please go
to bed all right how about three more
shs no all right how about
four the little kitty the little kitty
for how to meow all it can say now all
it can now
is Marvin we're going to need this
monster to stay up with Jeffy all night
yeah just go ahead and open it what a
monster I want a sip oh no no Jeffy no
it's a very dangerous scary drink so
when you drink it it turns you into a
monster so you don't want to drink that
well you guys were going to drink it no
no no we weren't no we weren't Rose
found it and it's very dangerous so we
were going to go pour it out so no one
could drink drink it well I'll pour it
out for you no only adults should pour
it out so I want to pour it
out I got my way I got my way Jeffy are
you really going to pour it out yep
Marvin if he drinks that we're screwed
he he's not going to drink it he's not
going to drink it he's afraid of
monsters and maybe he believed our lie H
do I really want to pour this out or do
I want to turn into a big scary monster
morvin do you think Jeffy poured out
that monster yeah I think he did
daddy Jeffy did you drink that monster
does a rocking horse have a wooden
pecker of course I did you told me it's
going to turn me into a monster but now
I feel like I'm the
flash Jeffy oh my God he's going to be
up forever
now Orvin is Jeffy asleep let me check
yeah he fell asleep he finally passed
out oh thank God okay if we stay really
quiet then he won't wake up and we can
go to sleep okay Marvin I'm
away Marvin quick go inside the door
before they ring the doorbell again okay
hello hello sir I'm a traveling Bells
husband I was wondering if you want to
buy any bells sh please be quiet oh
sorry I didn't know I was supposed to be
quiet your bells are really loud oh yeah
they're the loudest in town let me show
you what I gotten stuck
this
out not really a bell but it's really
loud it's a windsh what can can you
please put that down sure and then if
you need anything industrial size we
have this great tambourine please be
quiet please it's so loud it broke my
glasses and we have a ma Bell okay okay
that's really cool just stop please J if
you ever have a fantasy about being a
hotel man check this out can you please
stop it so you're not going to buy
anything no wow wasting my time
unbelievable I have to make a living you
know give me my glasses
back oh my God what the hell was that
Marvin it was a bell salesman what does
that even mean I don't know did Jeffy
wake up almost we have to keep it down
well nothing else is going to make noise
tonight we're going to be okay
okay Mar go fix it go stop it okay all
right guys lizard gots his back heck
yeah it is dis believe it dude all right
let's
rock okay stop stop stop stop stop stop
what do you want old man my son is
trying to sleep in the other room yeah
well rock and roll never sleeps listen
if you don't stop playing that music I
I'm going to do something bad what are
you going to do about it old man what
hey what hey get get in the back bro
that's my guitar that's what you get for
making noise well I'll admit that was
pretty punk rock but I'm still going to
tell my
dad Marvin what was all that noise it
was a kid playing the guitar it's night
of all nights well don't worry I stopped
it well how did you get them to stop I
took the guitar outside and I smashed it
well it was the only way to get them to
stop they were too cool to stop playing
at least Jeffy didn't wake up let's try
to go to sleep
okay who Could That Be hello hey son is
this him yeah Dad that's the guy that
smashed my guitar oh so you don't want
to like to smash little black boys
guitars huh sh keep it down it ain't no
keep it down the world needs to know
about your racism you like to smash
little gay black boys guitars because
you stuck in your ways you want to hear
your shoebot music no he's white no I a
know he's white look L Nas X is black in
a gay rock star why can't my son be a
black gay Rockstar yeah you tell him dad
well listen I promise you it has nothing
to do with the color of her skin can you
just keep it down and just be quiet look
I smashed this guitar cuz it was loud
what guitar is are loud you idiot are
you going to get mad at ples because
they they loud too or or crabs cuz they
chill and they loud no no look what can
I do to get you to leave I need to be
compensated for that guitar right now
how much was the guitar well we got it
at a thrift store so it was $40 but we
got a 50% discount cuz I did a favor for
the manager I call it the mouth discount
yeah she know how to use her mouth to
get that
discount all I have is 100 give me let's
go baby I a got no cash who could that
possibly have been Morphin it was the
parents of the kids guitar I smashed
why' you have to smash the guitar listen
it's all dealt with listen no more
people are going to be ringing the
doorbell and no more people could be
playing instruments let's just finally
sleep since jeffy's sleeping okay hey is
that a lawn mower no one mows their lawn
this late at night Marvin not those damn
Huger hey howdy neighbor what are you
doing cutting my grass it's 2:00 in the
morning well just cuz it's dark outside
doesn't mean the grass stops growing
listen my son's sleeping I don't want
you to wake him up can you do this like
in the morning no can do do neighbor see
I got to cut my grass every eight hours
if I want to win next year's lawn of the
Year trophy so you're not going to stop
nope hold on what are you doing with
that bat going bat and
practice I got him to stop thank God
maybe we can finally get some
sleep Marvin silence your phone hello
hey Marvin what do you want I'm just
doing my pilot job flying a plane you
know those red eyee flights it's
actually pretty boring up here that's
why I called so I don't fall asleep well
listen right now is not a good time to
talk oh hey I'm actually coming up in
your neighborhood right now you want me
to fly as low as I can see if I can Buzz
your house do not do that go go go go go
go go did you see me no I didn't see you
oh hold on let me Circle back and try
again do not try it again go that time
go go go go go did you see me that time
no I didn't see you that time how did
you not see me Marvin I'm in a giant
plane it's a 747 I can't believe you
didn't see me I wasn't outside oh well
you want me to try again no I'm trying
to sleep well actually I have to cuz now
I'm going the wrong way so go outside go
go go go go go go did you see me that
time yes I saw you yay oh damn it see
now I don't have enough fuel to get to
where I'm going so I got to go back to
the airport so go outside go go go what
the hell was that oh sorry I I kind of
scraped your roof there there's
definitely some roof damage I I probably
should have flown higher sorry about
that hey I can fix it though I do roofs
don't fix it just stop calling me and
leave me
alone I can't believe Jeffy did not wake
up during all
that oh my God the fire alarm shy why is
there fire Marvin today's my birthday
and I wanted to make a huge candle and
blow it out so I'm making hot Cheetos
well blow it out well sing happy
birthday for me what happy birthday
happy birthday to you sing it louder
happy birthday to you happy birthday no
it's ain't the real version that is the
real version no no it's not not sing the
real version what are you talking about
happy birthday happy birthday to you
happy birthday happy birthday to you cuz
today is your birthday I've never heard
that version cuz today is your birthday
blow it up
I'm I'm going to go turn off the fire
detector why was the fire alarm going
off it's Chef Peep's birthday so listen
he was trying to make a candle look look
as long as Jeffy is still sleeping we're
good let's try to go to bed who's on the
room I have no idea CH
Claus who could be on the roof hey
morvin sh don't shush me shush you bit I
thought you supposed to be flying a
plane oh no they canceled the flight cuz
there was some structural damage to the
bottom of the plane from where I hit
your roof speaking of which I'm really
sorry about that I tried to fix it the
best I could cuz I felt so bad so I just
kind of patched it with some Scotch tape
and wood I really hope your insurance
covers that can you just be quiet my
son's trying to sleep oh hey man he's a
heavy sleeper can you just go oh yeah
but how cool was that plane though right
it looked cool and it flew fle over
right oh it was the coolest thing I've
ever seen I never seen a plane fly that
low yeah you saw it Oh yeah I saw it so
what airline was I flying
for like what color was the plane oh uh
uh silver no it was bright yellow
because I was flying Spirit Airlines
what other Airline do you think would
let me fly that dangerously well listen
I'm sorry I didn't go outside my son was
sleeping I didn't want to wake him up
what other friend do you have that would
endanger the life of 200 passages just
to say hi you're never going to get that
kind of friendship anywhere else
I can't believe jeffy's still sleeping
through all that okay let's go to bed
Marvin did you just turn on the TV did
you sit on the remote no breaking news
Okay a plane had to make an emergency
landing after scraping the top of a
house in other breaking news m k a
high-speed police chase ended in front
of a house and the armed suspect has
entered the home through a hole in the
roof and police have the place
surrounded now Marvy you don't think
that's our house you no just look for
the remote the TV's really loud okay oh
it's right here turn off the TV okay
okay let's go to sleep nobody move oh my
God freeze you bastard drop the knife
drop the gun or I'll kill him can you
guys be quiet let him go or I'll blow
you away well you might as well blow me
away cuz I'm not going back to
jail sorry about that Marvin yeah
shooting them's really for the best it's
it's better than putting him back in
prison and then feeding him for several
years on taxpayer money until eventually
we just let him go on good behavior and
he maybe eats can you just please be
quiet man I'm feeling really pumped I'm
going to fire a few Victory shots into
your
ceiling oh that feels really good oh wow
your son's still sleeping yeah can you
please just be quiet oh sorry I'll
leave what the hell was that nothing
Jeffy just go back to sleep well I'm not
tired anymore so I'm going to take off
my eyelids and I'm going to ride my
horsey no Jeffy go back to
bed oh my God I will never get some
sleep
he
[Music]