[Applause]
okay we're all just yelling at him jeffy
grab him what's the guy
booger no biting the pillow okay
he just bit me marvin what's gotten into
booger he's been destroying everything
lately i don't know he just bit me we
should call it vet and see if he has mad
cow disease um daddy booger's not a cow
but i know jeffy that's what make sure
he doesn't have rabies i'm calling a bit
hey there somebody call a vet on his
lunch break see the chicken leg i put
this chicken down an hour ago the
family's still crying but i told him
don't worry mr klucken's is delicious so
what do you want so vet do i call you
vet i don't know can i call you
unemployed bald man well listen look i
have this pet dinosaur and he won't stop
destroying stuff and acting crazy we
don't know why he's acting like that
uh-huh well i'm not an expert but it
seems to me like he's a dinosaur and
that's just what dinosaurs do but i want
him to act like a house cat you know i
want him just to lay around and sleep
well you know what they say you can't
turn a into a housewife so why
would you be able to turn a dinosaur
into a house cat i i think that's how
the saying goes look my main point is my
first wife was a marvin maybe
booger's lonely and we should get him
another dinosaur friend oh yeah two
dinosaurs that seems like a good idea
you know because the first dinosaur's
destroying everything so yeah a second
dinosaur should even things out this is
turning into jurassic park well maybe i
don't even know where we would get
another pet dinosaur from well i guess
you could always get a portal gun
that'll open a portal through time and
then just grab a dinosaur out of the
past but i don't know where you'd get
one of those so don't even ask me yeah
baby i don't know what we're gonna do
you know actually my great grandfather
was a tinkerer he would tinker from time
to time and i think one time he tinkered
up a portal gun like that i think i have
it laying around the attic somewhere so
can we have it i guess i can take a look
for it here hold my chicken leg
don't bite it it's mine all right i'm
back behold
the portalgun 5000. this bad boy can
open up a portal to any place and any
time but it doesn't have very much juice
left i think we only have one shot at
this okay so what's the plan okay the
plan is i'm gonna open up a portal up
there then we're gonna take some kind of
food and tie a string to it and throw it
through the portal and go fishing for a
dinosaur why don't we use your chicken
leg oh i wanted that okay hey lady woman
um rose no that's a kind of flower okay
what you're gonna do is tie a string to
that chicken leg right now no two years
from now go fine really you picked her
to be your wife what's the rest of the
plan okay so what we're gonna do is
whenever she gets back eventually with
my chicken leg with a string on it we're
gonna throw it through the portal and
whenever we feel a tug on the string we
know a dinosaur's biting it then we just
yank the dinosaur through the portal why
don't we just go in the portal and grab
the dinosaur ourselves are you kidding
me i don't want to go back to dinosaur
times it's scary what if we get stuck
there there's no mcdonald's or hulu okay
your plan's good okay good where's my
goddamn chicken leg it's right here okay
good you hold on to that
okay let's make this portal everybody
stand back
oh booger come back oh cool it actually
worked all right throw the chicken leg
in it okay give it to give it to me
[Music]
all right now we just have to wait for
something to pull on the string
wow that's a big one oh man whatever
dinosaur this is must love chicken whoa
marvin he's fighting me help me oh
he's pulling really hard yeah you know
the way he's pulling you think he was my
ex-wife you know because she's fat and
she loves food
where'd he go oh
that chicken with goo he can talk huh i
guess when scientists found dinosaur
fossils they didn't find out if they
could talk or not can you guys please
give me some old chicken please
well you're hungry oh i'm so hungry all
i've had today is a happy meal a happy
meal so they did have mcdonald's back
then i guess we can go to kfc or pop
eyes oh the kfc
yeah but the reason we brought you here
is because we have another dinosaur that
you we want you to hang out with oh is
it my cousin pookie because his ass when
we find owls i i don't know if it's a
pookie but but booger get in here
oh here you go pookie ass you owe me
five
oh don't you run away from me pookie you
know you owe me money oh is it today's
pookie yeah that poogie right there okay
well look how about we'll go get you
some kfc or some popeyes and you can eat
that but we need you to hang out with
booger and teach them how to act right
okay i ain't no babysitter unless you're
gonna pay me some money oh we'll pay you
in chicken so okay so you teach booger
how to act normal and i'm gonna go get
you some chicken my okay well i did
everything i came here to do so i guess
i'm just gonna take my tinker gun and go
home all right i got you a big bucket of
kfc chicken oh
thank you so much you're so good to me
what's your name is white boy my name is
marvin oh marvin the chicken man what's
your name my name is your boy dougie
dougie no your boy dougie i have to say
that your boy part every time yeah ross
ain't gonna know who you talking to all
right your boy dougie this is your
bucket of chicken oh my chicken thank
you so much you got anything to drink uh
yeah let me see what i got
all right the only thing we had to drink
was grape kool-aid oh the kool-aid is it
yeah it's good i mean i don't know look
at the ingredients and see if there's
anything you don't like flat milks how
about i make you a glass of it all right
all right here's your glass of water
wait a minute you already ate all the
chicken yeah cause it was really good
can i please get some more chicken maybe
try the powder no you're not getting any
more chicken you're still gonna have
some kool-aid oh that purple is cooling
yeah pour some in the cup all right all
right now
drink that
oh
that was so good can i have some more
well you haven't finished the glass yet
but i still want you to put a little bit
more kool-aid in there oh you want more
kool-aid yeah
all right that's enough can you put a
little bit more in there well i don't
want to overflow it well i want you to
do what olive garden does when they put
the cheese on the salad i'll tell you
when to stop okay
keep going
keep going
okay this seems like it's a lot no
please keep going oh
okay i i i don't think i don't think we
should put any more no keep going i
ain't tell you to stop you i i don't
want it it's overflowing
all right that's good okay that's good
all right they go your boy dougie
there's your kool-aid thank you so much
no i'm gonna get booger so or or your
your cousin pooky just don't make a mess
but boogers stop it all right your boy
dougie can you please stop booger from
being a bad dinosaur how was i supposed
to do today i don't know he destroys
stuff and i want him to stop it i mean i
could try hey stop it
well i've done all i could do hey marvin
you mind if i get some more purplish
kool-aid some fried chickens no no more
kool-aid and fried chicken until we
stopped booger from being bad hey danny
god blind call of duty but no jeffy
no call of duty until you finish your
chores i don't want to do my chores go
do your chores today oh what's it called
noodles it's a video game that jeffy
plays like a shooting game what can i
try to play i mean are you a dinosaur
can you even play it i mean i can try
oh look i'm so good at the game
i really need to focus on booger marvin
can i please have the map out how much
are the map packs twenty dollars plus
packs and fees
look here's my wallet all i want you to
do is grab my credit card out of it and
all you can do is buy the map packs do
not buy anything else but the map packs
you hear me okay
you can trust me all right booger
hey i'm about to go shopping boy i'm
about to give me some new shoes about to
get me a chain better give me a hat yeah
boy doggy don't take his wallet
[Applause]
where'd you get all this stuff your
wallet what my wallet was how much were
those shoes 500 what 500 what
500 coming to that chain three stacks
three stacks like oreos double stuff
well i told you all they didn't buy the
map packs oh i forgot about the map
packs hold on we can do those real quick
no no no you gotta go where are we going
no no not where are we going where
you're going you're going back to
prehistoric times i don't want to leave
here i get fried chicken i get call of
duty and i get purple as kool-aid yeah
but you're overstated you're welcome
you're supposed to help with booger oh
you need help with the booger yeah here
get that booger out but no no that's the
dinosaur oh you mean pooky ratchet ass
pookie get in here boy
man stop being a
i do what i can do no no i am calling
the vet you're going back hey there you
called me back ask me about the bacon
why do you have bacon i just put down
porky pigs
that's all folks oh listen i want this
second dinosaur to leave oh how about
that the second dinosaur was a bad idea
who could have seen that coming well
listen this dinosaur is not destroying
stuff he's just spending my money and
mooching off me yeah it sounds like my
first wife so look i want him to go so
can you like grab that portal gun make a
portal and we throw them back you know
what we should have done is done that to
begin with and have no dinosaurs because
dinosaurs shouldn't be pets okay you
know if you make a portal i'll throw
both dinosaurs in the portal and we
won't have any more dinosaurs okay well
lucky for you i already brought my
portal gun because i thought this might
happen all right so make the portal
everybody stand back
it it's it's not working well shake it
till something comes out it's not my
wiener and that's an old vet joke i'll
try again
nope nothing's happening i think it's
out of juice well we'll tinker with it
make them happen hey i'm not the
tinkerer my great grandfather was i
can't just tinker a portal gun like this
okay well think of something that's a
good one but no really i can't fix this
was tom stuck with him yeah it looks
like it oh
where am i gonna sleep well no can i
take him to like the pound or like like
let him loose outside no no no no no no
if anybody found out what we were doing
here i'm pretty sure the cia would kill
us dinosaurs are not supposed to be here
and besides you can't just let him loose
in the wild what if he mates with a
goose or something you have like a dino
goose nobody wants that okay so i have
to stick with he has to stay here yeah
at least until we make another portal
gun
okay your boy dougie you get to stay
here but there's gonna be some rules
okay what type of rules all right well
you're gonna help with booger every day
what no more tissue no boogers your
stupid dumb cousin pookie okay well i
ain't doing enough of a boogie until you
give me my five hours oh okay i'll get
you your five dollars okay that's fine
so what do dinosaurs eat um people okay
yeah how about you just eat chicken
every day would that be good okay i love
me some kfc and i love me some kool-aid
okay so you get chicken and kool-aid but
you'll help with booger i've been pookie
every day so thank you vet thank you for
trying can you just even get the portal
gun to work in the future i guess i'll
try
[Laughter]
well baby it looks like we have two
dinosaurs at least pookie has a friend
well don't call him
oh marvin i still need the map
[Music]