[Music]
all right Joseph are you ready to play
chomping Charlie oh yeah dude that
squirrel's gonna take these nuts guys
guys the coolest thing ever has happened
hold on Cody we're playing chopping
Charlie what is chomping Charlie well we
put a bunch of nuts in the squirrel's
mouth but guys that's so lame you don't
need a squirrel for that I'm right here
look ah give me those nuts no Cody we
want to play with the squirrel okay well
I want to play too okay then look roll
the dice and whatever color nut it lands
on you put that nut in his mouth I don't
see mine on here mine's more of like a
flesh color with like a mole on it and
some hair Jesus
let's see oh I got a blue okay so I just
take this and put that in there oh I
think he likes it you like that mystery
Square you're only supposed to put one
oh look at his eyes I think he likes my
nuts take more of my nuts you get a
little squirrel okay I think that's
enough this is hot oh yeah get this in
there oh how many can you fit big boy
there you go oh
man that was hot yeah I'm not playing
anymore dude yeah we're not gonna play
anymore Cody oh wait guys I completely
forgot why I came here all timers
already oh too young no guys Ken's on TV
but Ken's on TV why yeah look
[Music]
hello
you my newest creation this is my son
Frankenstein now I know what you're
thinking Dr finkerships how did you
create this Frankenstein well what I did
was I took random body parts that I
found at car accidents before the police
showed up and I sold all of those pieces
together into him now last week I asked
all of you to send in body parts I could
use for my creation and a very nice fan
from Florida named Cody sent me this
doll whoa kids and a doctor figure [ __ ]
episode yep yep they had a P.O box that
people could send body parts to to be on
the show and so I thought it'd be funny
to send Ken there he's my little movie
star look at him he's not even camera
shy what are they gonna do with him
after the show I don't know I hope they
send it back I will know in some exist
all into Frankenstein here we go here
comes the soul eating nice and deep in
there okay now rise rise my
rice man what oh oh no and not that kind
of rice rice in a different way yes come
on yes yes yes
did you see that yeah I didn't sign up
for that the only guy Ken's allowed to
be inside of his me not that
Frankenstein monster weirdo no Cody
Frankenstein just hey Dr Finkel [ __ ]
guys it's a TV show none of that's
actually real
what's going on
knew
[Music]
breaking news from K Frankenstein a
monster created by Dr finkelshits has
come to life and killed his creator
police are saying that he's extremely
dangerous and to be on the lookout
that was so ugly Cody I'm sorry it says
I thought there was a TV show but it
turns out it's real Frankenstein's on
the loose and can still inside him well
look when the cops kill Frankenstein
they'll get Ken out of him and give them
back to you no Junior if the cops killed
Frankenstein I'll never get Ken back oh
guys have an idea how about we don't
care because it's a stupid dog all right
Cody so we gotta find Frankenstein
before the cops do yeah and Ken's still
trap inside Frankenstein so I guess that
makes him Frankenstein
so how do we find Frankenstein Cody well
if Ken's still trapped inside
Frankenstein that means he's probably
controlling him so he should be able to
find his way home I just have to spread
my scent around a little hold on
Cody that's disgusting why does your
fart smell like sweaty balls well what
goes out to what went in but still I
mean Ken should be able to smell that
from a mile away he's a bloodhound for
farts he's my little fart sniper I don't
think Ken's gonna come over your farts
no he does that all the time but does
anybody have any peanut M M's why do you
need peanut M M's well that's Ken's
favorite candy I mean I know I've never
mentioned it before but that is Ken's
favorite candy I mean I'm establishing
that right now that's his favorite candy
add that to the wiki okay Joseph there's
peanut M M's out there he'll grab them
yeah I got you dude okay that was fast I
think I'm gonna have to fart in that bag
of M M's just to make sure I can't find
it you're not farting in the peanuts
Cody but we're gonna go outside and
we're gonna spread them around so
Frankenstein can find his way home
all right Cody so what are we gonna do
well I'm just gonna pour some of these
peanut M m's on the ground
oh there he is
[Applause]
cool hey there hey there Ken it's me
it's Cody yes I have some peanut M M's
your favorite oh yeah get some there you
go oh good Frankenstein come on back to
the house boy the cops are looking for
you
okay Ken sit down
oh you want your M M's
so Cody what are we gonna do now I don't
know guys Ken's just so big
Ken's so big uh can you guys leave me in
10 alone for a little while no we have
to get Ken out of his stomach well I
don't know how we're gonna do that guys
uh don't eat that one again that one
looks gross
well I got an idea if Ken's inside his
stomach why don't we just get Chef
people to make him something to eat and
then when he eats he'll poop Ken out
because his stomach will be full of food
I mean yeah I guess it's worth a try all
right Ken we're gonna go downstairs now
come on come on
Reese's puff Reese's puff Eat Em Up beat
them all reach this book in my board hey
girl how about some people in your hole
I don't think that's how the song goes
yet peepee what do you guys want we want
you to make us something to eat Chef PB
well I'm making some Reese's puff
casserole watch this
let it burn baby
[Applause]
I think the fire scared him the fire
scared him come back here
calm down
hold on here have some M M's there you
go there you go that's a good boy what
can freak out like that I think he's
afraid of fire okay he won't go around
fire anymore well I liked your idea
about him pooping out Ken but how do we
do that yeah what kind of food will make
him poop oh I know why don't we get on
some Taco Bell that always gives me the
giggle [ __ ] yeah let's go to Taco Bell
okay I'll order right now
okay the Taco Bell's here give me those
M M's
okay it's okay look you have a you have
a Taco Bell burrito yes yes it's good
yes
[Music]
there you go there you go Ken poop it
out that's good but Cody what happened
to your shirt oh I got burritos squared
all over me in the last scene so I just
decided to take my shirt off so it
doesn't stain
yeah
there you go
well I'll just give you guys some
privacy okay
oh did he poop out Ken no he just had a
regular old monster poop lots of peanuts
though so then what took you guys so
long yeah we had to stop at McDonald's
to get my free medium french fries I get
from McDonald's every week I missed a
few weeks so I went ahead and got two so
how you gonna get Ken out of him I don't
know dude I'm tired of this let's just
cut him out I don't think he's gonna let
you do that Joseph yeah I don't think
you can cut into him we gotta think of
something else what there's someone at
the door let me go answer it by myself
okay damn
oh oh I'm sorry that that was rude you
go ahead hello hey I got a call from a
scared Chef that said there was a
monster in his kitchen what you did yeah
normally I wouldn't believe it but they
said on the news that Frankenstein was
on the loose so I pretty much have to
search this house and I'm pretty sure
Frankenstein's in here well he's not in
here and you're not allowed to search
without a warrant well you're right I'm
not but uh search without a warrant says
what what Classic police bamboozle I am
such a who now step aside I'm gonna
search you how see no Frankenstein here
huh maybe you would tell him the truth
kid yeah no Frankenstein's here oh to
green dude shut up Joseph up nope no
Frankenstein okay I guess I'll just
leave then that was way too close but
wait didn't you kids hear there was a
Monster Mash a Monster Mash what's a
Monster Mash yeah a word on the street
is that it's a graveyard smash
they did the mesh they did the Monster
Mash they did their mesh it was a
graveyard smash they did the mesh it
caught on in a Flash they did the mesh
I got you Frankenstein oh no no that's
not Frankenstein that's funkenstein yeah
yeah that's why he's dancing huh I guess
you're right real Frankenstein could
have moves that smooth but wait a minute
yes he could it's the Monster Mash I'll
run Frank get back here Frankenstein
Frank
foreign
wow that wasn't hard at all that's what
she said yeah me and my erectile
dysfunction God getting old sucks don't
hurt him that's my boyfriend really I
feel like there should be a charge for
that well listen Cody doesn't really
care about Frankenstein his doll is
stuck in his stomach and he wants to get
him out yeah I guess that's true oh I
guess I could just cut him open no
[Music]
oh freak Jose where'd that come from
listen can you just get his doll out of
him I mean I could just do a cavity
search and pull him out his butt hey
let's do that all right hold him down
kids come on
I almost got him
ew Franken Gooch is this your boyfriend
okay and I'm so glad you're safe the
only one who's rump you're allowed to go
in is mine well I wouldn't do that it's
kind of a Tang so what are we gonna do
with Frankenstein's body well they did
say it was a graveyard smash oh damn
Frank got a dumpy more like thickenstein
give me 30 seconds I'm about to tear
this up live oh okay wow guys I can't
believe we just saw the cop do that to
Frankenstein I mean I know he said he
was going to but I didn't believe him
and then bam he just started going to
town let me see if he's still going yeah
he is damn the stamina so at least you
got Ken back yeah that's all that
matters you're not gonna wash him no why
would I do that dude he's been in
Frankenstein's booty all day and then
you kissed him uh yeah he's been in a
lot of booties I'd say he's bootylicious
bootylicious bubble gum I don't have a
booty phobia okay you guys should know
that about me by now oh well what are we
gonna do for the rest of the day I don't
know
[Music]