so guys what do you want to do today you
guys want to go to the movies and watch
Gladiator 2 oh Cody I haven't even seen
the first one or heard of it wait you've
never even heard of gladiator no I don't
like watching old black and white movies
it's not black and white it's from like
2000 it took him 25 years to make a
sequel well yeah but the last one was
good in this one's going to be good too
it's got shirtless hunky guys fighting
if the first one was good it wouldn't
have taken 25 years to make a sequel
unless your picks are was Incredibles
right well look guys trust me it's going
to be cool is there any actors that we
know let's get Denzel Washington in it
ooh Denzel Washington uh is he the
equalizer in this movie no he's not The
Equalizer in ancient Rome so the movie
isn't black and white you said ancient
but no it's not black and white it's
color come on Cody you know better than
to say that word color yeah you don't
say the word colored anymore Cody that's
a racist term we're not in the 1960s
that's not what I said you said the
movie's colored cuz it has denzo
Washington it one black guy no that's
not what I meant I I just meant it has
the full spectrum of Colors oh it's one
of those lgbtq movies n this too woke
for me bro yeah you said the full
spectrum of colors and Spectrum so Den
plays a gay autistic black guy what no I
just mean it's not black and white I
mean there's obviously no segregation in
the movie because it has Denzel
Washington in it right right right well
no guys do you want to see the movie or
not I definitely want to see Denzel
Washington try to play an autistic gay
black guy hell yeah he has the range
dude yeah he's the only actor that could
do that I don't know about that they got
Rober down Jr Tropic Thunder he played
that yeah yeah he was awesome in Tropic
Thunder okay I don't want to see the
movie no we want to go see it come on I
want to go see Deno Wasington play this
role
is oh man guys I can't wait to watch
Denzel Washington be an autistic gay guy
I know dude this should be his best role
yet let me get some popcorn you want
anything I want some Juju bees oh Cody
stop saying racist stop it's not racist
it's candy come on dude I'm not even
Jewish and that's offensive nor bee har
I'm so excited to see Denzel Washington
in that new Motion Picture screen I he
he's hung like a horse oh I bet he is
that old honky sack of [ __ ] every time
denzo Washington's on the screen I want
you to hand me a water of paper towels
so I don't stay in the seat but you
already stay in the seat I'm like Gary
the snail in this [ __ ] talking old
people I know dude they always ruin the
movie H H look right there there's
Denzel Washington right there oh my God
it's Denzel I'm going to see if I can
get a picture with him excuse me Mr
Denzel Washington wa the the guy sitting
right next to you Denzel Washington
right no that's my friend Joseph I I
know he's black but he's not as old as
Denzel appreciate the compliment though
oh I get it he's on the cover because
this is new movie premiere no this is my
boyfriend not Denzel Washington will you
mind if I get a picture with Denzel
Washington you know what sh you oh okay
oh hey Mr Washington you're making it
like a waterfall between my thighs it's
true I can smell it okay say cheese I
ain't got no teeth I used to be a cck
okay I took it all right upload that on
the book of faces for me okay I'll do
that oh I'm so excited I got a picture
with Mr Washington oh yeah they didn't
have any popcorn oh the theater ran out
of popcorn well I got the popcorn and
then I dropped it walking up the stairs
and I don't have any more money yeah
well Junior something really weird just
happened what those old people think Ken
is Denzel Washington but he's white I
know but now that I'm really looking at
it I can kind of see it in the smile
yeah he has Denzel smile oh are yall
blind as hell he does not look like Den
Hill at all maybe Tom Cruz excuse me Mr
Washington my husband would love if he
could watch us bang okay I think we need
to go no that's this H ain't it come on
let's go
oh see Denzel I was holding in that que
the whole time well guys that was a
waste of time yeah dude I can't believe
those old people thought Ken look like
Denzel Washington I don't know I can
kind of see it though like especially in
the smile yeah the smile what the hell
is wrong with y'all he looks nothing
like Denzel I look more like Denzel than
anybody face and the smile yeah man look
at this this is Denzel Washington he
looks nothing like Ken I don't know now
that I'm really looking at it it looks
like Ken yeah like the cheekbones the
eyebrows the nose the ear it looks all
like Ken no the hell it doesn't look at
the lips nothing like Ken look at me
yeah it looks definitely like K that's
there's some at the door hold on guys
you you keep arguing I'm ENT the door I
mean I'll maybe give you the skin tone
bro it's more than that way more hello
hey there is my client Denzel Washington
here no well don't lie to me son TMZ
took this photo of you and your friends
entering the house with Denzel who got
that photo TMZ the paparazzi's outside
where's Denzel he's inside so weet so
tell me where Denzel is I have to talk
to him about all the movies he has
coming out well I guess if that's really
Denzel Washington then he's upstairs on
my couch thank you who's at the door
Junior oh thank God Denzel I was looking
all over for you Jesus Christ this has
to be the worst [ __ ] nightmare ever
Denzel stop looking at pictures of
yourself we have movie roles to discuss
o what movie is Denzel going to be in
well I can't talk about that with you
guys not unless Denzel says it's okay
what do you say
Denzel Denzel says it's fine okay good
well first of all they want to start
work on a new equalizer movie oh I Love
The Equalizer movies and then after that
they want to do a sequel to Remember the
Titans called Remember the Titans 2 we
forgot the Titans and then Remember the
Titans 3 those guys look familiar and
then Remember the Titans four oh yeah
those are the Titans and then Remember
the Titans 5 okay we get it we know who
the Titans are and then Remember the
Titans 6 Christmas with the Titans and
then of course the prequel movie titans
to remember and they also want to do a
TV series called Kicking It with the
Titans oh that would be really awesome I
want I always want another Remember the
Titans movie okay Denzel come on we got
to get you down to the studio to work on
the equalizer there's no way in hell
that they y'all think that Ken is
[ __ ] Denzel Washington well can can I
come with him I'm kind of his boyfriend
oh I didn't know Denzel was gay but
whatever I want to come too cuz I like
watching equalizer movies seriously oh
man Joseph you missed the movie said it
was so cool watching him film action
scenes what did he do stand in one place
yes well they got CGI and stuff so it
looks really cool bro he doesn't look
like deselle this is a waste of a movie
no after I saw Ken's acting skills I
truly think he's Denzel Washington I
didn't realize I was dating Denzel
Washington this whole time bro he's a
freaking doll he's not denel Washington
he's not Joseph he's Denzel Washington
okay watch Joseph they gave us an early
release of the trailer so you have to
watch him act look at this wait before I
click play is Denzel Washington the
black guy in the old the old All State
commercials no I know D are you sure he
was like all state STS are you good
heads no no I know that wasn't Denzel
Washington not all that's some other
black dude yeah oh
okay that's 3500 I'm 30,000 short Hey
manot where's my money
right here
[Music]
boss really it's all there $30,000 is in
that thing it's all
there okay let me see it you sure you
want to see it it's just money yeah okay
your funeral okay well now I'm not too
sure I want you to open it cuz you said
it's going to be my funeral and that
sounds bad too
late The Equalizer four don't don't
shoot me I'll free the hostages I
swear I'm glad to be back on the good
side no please I'm sorry for killing
your
grandmother Joseph wasn't that the
sickest movie you've ever seen dude I
can't believe y'all really think Ken
looks like dzel Washington this is a
waste of time I would never get that
time back for a watch the stupid ass
movie I'm out of here dude he's just
jealous cuz he's not dating Denzel
Washington wait a minute Cody I have an
idea yeah since everyone thinks he's I
mean he is Denzel Washington that means
you have access to all of Denzel
Washington's money at the bank oh my God
what is Denzel Washington's net worth
let me look it up I just did it $300
million $300 million I'm dating a rich
hunk so we could take him to the bank
and withdraw money from Denzel
Washington's bank account and get
millions of dollars I don't know I don't
know if Denzel would want us to do that
he says we can he says we can take all
the money we want come on you're have
the best boyfriend ever
Cody if this does not work it'll be so
embarrassing quiet Jor blow our cover
thank you for choosing Goodman Bank and
Trust Denzel Washington my man oh my God
Junior at worked what can I do for you
Mr Washington you came to look at your
$300 million uh yeah yeah Mr Washington
lost his voice oh from all the acting
yes ex exactly so uh he he would like to
withdraw some money today okay well how
much would you like to
withdraw all was it I'm sorry what was
that number all all of the money all
$300 million yes okay well I have a box
of about 30 million right here I can box
that up for you if you'd like that would
be great yeah put it in a briefcase
that's what Mr Washington likes his
money in okay all right I'll put in the
briefcase and uh I'll give it right to
you oh my God oh my God Cody look we
literally have millions and millions of
dollars of Denzel Washington's money oh
I love dating a rich man I truly believe
with my entire heart that Ken is the
real Denzel Washington cuz we walked
right up into the bank no questions
asked they just gave us all of his money
from his bank account yeah of course
they did I mean just look at him that's
Denzel Washington that's Denzel
Washington wait is that my phone your
phone's ringing Cody where the hell is
it I got to find it if it's your mom you
can't miss the call is it in the couch
cushion if you miss your mom's call
she's going to make you go home damn it
it's on the floor you missed the call
damn it Junior I have a voicemail from
Denzel Washington wait Ken doesn't have
a phone no so who is this um oh no Cody
what if what if Ken's not the real denzo
Washington and we just stole the real
denzo Washington's money and he's mad
and he's calling to yell at us oh no I I
think we better listen to this oh you
[ __ ] okay all right I'm putting
cases on all you [ __ ] we did Ste his
money huh you can do this
[ __ ] you can do this to me I'm so sorry
Denzel we thought it was no
[ __ ] will be playing basketball
in pelic Bay when I get finished with
you Pelican
Bay program [ __ ] what does that mean 23
hour lock to go to jail I'm the man up
in this [ __ ] I'm sorry we're really
sorry you'll never seen who the [ __ ] you
think you [ __ ] with I'm the police I
[ __ ] don't just live here let's return
the
money yeah that's you better walk away
go walk away cuz I'm a burn this
[ __ ] down
[Music]