hey Danny can we playing Doo dooo
kangaroo what's Doo dooo kangaroo it's
where the kangaroo takes a dump and you
collect it there's no way that's a board
game Jeffy yeah it's really fun no we're
not playing that we're going to watch a
movie hey Marvin I think the batteries
in the remote aren't working hold darn
now we get to playing doom doom
kangaroom no Jeffrey we're going to go
to Target and buy some more batteries
yeah it's probably a good idea cuz dooo
kangaroo requires batteries too three
doublea's come on Jeffy we're going to
Target who Danny Danny Danny can I get
Steve from Minecraft no Jeffy can I get
the bees from Minecraft no Jeffy can I
get Steve dressed like a bee from
Minecraft no Jeffy we only came to get
batteries well what about the sword no
come on let's go
a all right Jeffy get in the car all
right hold on there lost prevention
what's the problem officer your son
stole something from Target no I didn't
what' you steal Jeffy nothing okay then
what's on your shirt nothing I'm just
fat let me see oh he's trying to touch
my waiter aha Steve from Minecraft Jeffy
you stole Steve for Minecraft well you
wouldn't buy it for me I am so sorry
officer if we go inside I'll pay for it
right now no he's going to jail going to
jail yeah he's an adult you're under
arrest for shoplifting [ __ ] daddy the
Streets Are Hard Out Here for a Pimp po
hold it down Mama I love you order order
order order wait a minute who replaced
my gavl with a tiny one where is my gavl
gotcha here you go sir I thought it was
funny H yes I guess don't do it again
order order order order
I am the honorable Judge poer and today
we will be hearing the case of Jeffy who
is being charged with stealing a Steve
from Minecraft toy from Target BFF may I
see the stolen Minecraft toy yeah I'll
grab it from the evidence room sir here
you go ooh Steve from
Minecraft this is so cool uh I I'm going
to need to open this to see how fun it
is to play with to see how serious the
charge should be so Jeffy you can go
ahead and explain what happened I wanted
to steeve from Minecraft toy from Target
but my daddy wouldn't buy it for me so I
stole it I'm sorry judge please don't
send me to jail yeah take that Ender
Dragon this toy is very fun and worth
every penny so I'm not going to go easy
on you I think it's time you got a taste
of your own medicine I sentence you
[ __ ] [ __ ] holy [ __ ] get off
him scre you order order
order I am the very much still in pain
judge pu and today we will be hearing
the case of the [ __ ] [ __ ] Jeffy
who brutally attacked me and gave me a
bloody nose and a black eye Jeffy [ __ ]
you I was only going to give you 6
months of probation but ho ho ho you
ruined that sorry for letting him attack
you judge I just didn't expect him to do
that but don't worry he's handcuffed and
tied up now so that shouldn't be
happening again just got to check my
emails I'm sorry judge I just get angry
sometimes please don't send me to jail
oh no you're not going to jail you're
going to prison I sending you to 10 no
[ __ ] them
[ __ ] what noise oh [ __ ] not again order
order order Jeffy beat the [ __ ] out of
me again what the [ __ ] were you guys
doing why can't you stop him I am so
sorry judge that will never happen again
we have another officer here now and
he's wearing chains and a mask yeah he
better have a mask on he bit my forehead
he gave me a broken arm a broken neck
and a broken nose Jeffy what the hell is
wrong with with you I'm sorry judge you
just keep making me really angry please
don't send me to jail oh you're going to
be buried under the jail you are a
menace to society if you do this to
people I sentence you to death [ __ ]
not Simmons why did you grab him sorry
mate he was just so quick come on let's
get him order order order order order I
am the honorable Judge Anthony judge
pober has been murdered by Jeffy so
Jeffy I'm going to sentence you to the
most cruel and unusual punishment death
by a million fire ant
bites how is that even possible get the
phone get the phone I got the batteries
oh Marvin you didn't have to get those I
found some batteries in the kitchen wow
where's Jeffy he got arrested for
shoplifting shoplifting why he stole a
$10 Minecraft toy that I wouldn't buy
him Marvin why wouldn't you buy it foren
you know he can't help himself don't you
blame me for this Jeffy should know not
to steal well how long is he going to be
in jail for he's not going to get any
jail time they're probably just going to
give him probation Marvin look the
news breaking news m k a 19-year-old man
named Jeffy has killed two judges in the
courtroom he is to be executed later
tonight Jeffy kill two judges there's no
way this has to be some kind of prank
hey there hey officer we just saw in the
news that Jeffy killed two judges oh
yeah he did he even killed one of them
through the phone it was pretty
impressive what are you serious oh yeah
I saw him do it but don't worry he's not
going to be killing anyone ever again
especially not because he's going to be
executed tonight by a million fire ANS a
million fire ants oh yeah they're being
flown in specially from Madagascar you
know that place where the lion and the
zebra played by Ben Stiller and Chris
Rock like to move it move it with the
Lemurs that place oh where is Jeffy at
right now well he's locked away in the
most ultimate super max Ultra Max
Michelob Ultra Big Mac Knick neack Patty
wack give a dog a maximum security
prison jail okay no seriously take me to
Jeffy right now I need to talk to him I
don't think you understand let me
explain in great detail exactly how hard
it would be for you to get there and
exactly where he is with this pretty
little animation so Jeffy is handcuffed
put in a straight jacket tied up with
ropes and chains with a blindfold on and
his mouth is duct taped and then he's
put in a coffin which is also chained up
in a biometric heat sensitive chamber
where the oxygen levels are dropped so
low that it keeps him alive but his
muscles are not oxygenated enough to
move then that chamber is dropped into a
safe with plasma lasers pressure plates
and landmines so if he got out the
lasers would cut him into pieces like a
lightsaber and the mines would blow him
up then that safe is put on top of a
castle in the highest room of the
tallest tower like in Shrek and the
castle is guarded by a dragon that
donkeys that castle is then dropped into
the bottom of the marana's trench which
is the deepest place known to man and
the castle is then surrounded by great
white megalodon sharks with laser beams
and heat seeking rocket launchers on
their heads then above the Sharks is a
giant squid that's been trained
specifically to eat Jeffy so even if he
got past all the rest of that he'd have
to get past the squid and then above the
squid is James Cameron in a submarine
with an IMAX camera filming the whole
thing so if Jeffy escapes James Cameron
can let us know and make a sick ass
movie out of it and then above him is a
military submarine with a nuclear
torpedo pointed at him so if Jeffy gets
past James Cameron they'll blow him up
and then above that is three aircraft
carriers carrying F-22 Raptors which are
the coolest [ __ ] jets ever in my
opinion are you serious oh I am very
serious it can go up to 1500 mph that
means it could fly from LA to New York
in just under 2 hours I mean yeah it
would have to refuel somewhere over
Colorado but don't worry because it can
refuel in midair and it can pull up to
nine G's that's more G's than lasagna
and baloney combined both of those words
have G's in them why what are we talking
about I'm talking about the F22 Raptor
the coolest jet ever made I want to talk
about Jeffy fine yeah we can talk about
Jeffy sure I mean the F-22 Raptor is way
cooler than Jeffy I mean it's it's not
like it's the most expensive jet ever
made I mean it's not like it only costs
$150 million per plane with an operating
cost of $68,000 per hour but I'm sure
you already knew that is Jeffy really in
that Maximum Security Prison oh yeah
he's never getting out actually now that
I think about it I'm not really sure how
we're going to get all those fire ants
in there we might have to funnel them in
with a straw or something oh hold on I'm
getting a call oh it's James Cameron hey
cam with the cam what's up what he what
no come on what about the sharks with
the lasers and the rocket launchers and
the giant squid really what about the
submarine and the
torpedo yeah okay but what about the
donkey [ __ ] Dragon it drowned oh yeah
I guess that does make sense yeah okay
but what about the F22 Raptors though no
really well tell me at least you got it
all on camera no James you didn't come
on Jeffy escaped but he escaped how
I don't know James Cameron said he
recorded the whole thing and it was the
coolest most James Bond Tom Cru [ __ ]
he's ever seen but his memory card got
corrupted because he didn't eject it
properly and he lost the whole thing oh
so where's Jeffy at now I don't know but
I'm not going to catch him not with my
no legs if only I had an F22 Raptor with
all the options in the fishing package D
D D help me you have no idea what I had
to do to escape that place please tell
me I have to know how you got out of
there shreking dog donkey saved me oh I
didn't think about Shrek and Donkey yeah
Shrek said yeah you're coming with me
and Donkey said I like puff you ever had
a paff before you ever meet somebody you
say let's go get some paes they say hell
no I want no paff and then donkey went
and [ __ ] the dragon and then Shrek
grabbed me and then sharded so hard it
propelled me through all my entrapments
all the way up to the surface and I got
back here well you're back under arrest
[ __ ] what Jeffy did you really kill a
judge you were only going to get
probation well sometimes my brain don't
worken right and that's why you're going
to be executed by a million fire ants
wait are you sure he really killed the
judge yeah I saw it with my own eyes
well because I see judge poy right there
no don't look at me I'm not here wait
judge poy I thought you died no me and
judge Anthony paid Jeffrey to beat us up
and pretend to kill us so we could go to
Disney World wait so judge Anthony still
alive too yes and I'm right here wow so
I guess the only thing you're guilty of
is shoplifting and I'm really sorry well
that's good enough for me you guys want
to talk about F22 Raptors did you know
that the F22
[Music]
Raptor