I'm starving dinner gonna be ready
dinner is almost ready Junior just be
patient
baby it's burnt - no it's not - you're
it's just a little black and everybody
needs a little black in their life II
know that mean I don't want to eat black
rub Yoli chef peepee that's because
you're racist well I'm not racist I just
don't eat black red because it's burnt I
want something else what do you want -
your God I don't know you burned
everything you cook this is no I go to
your I don't burn everything I cook well
you know what just make me a bowl of
cereal okay I can do that
it's a cereal bar cereal you can do that
on my cereal okay Junior what do you
want from McDonald's since I burn
everything you're taking McDonald's yes
Julia now what do you want oh I want a
happy meal I want to go inside and play
in the play thing no no we're not going
this side we're going to the
drive-through blades gonna go inside oh
you want to hear my loudest please all
right all right we're only gonna go in
for five minutes and then we're coming
right out
oh they're like five minutes okay let's
go let's go thank you so much for the
happiness chef peepee it's way better
than your burnt food whatever Junior
yeah sure
no Julia keep walking that is a homeless
man but he's hungry chef peepee look
he's gonna spend all of our money on
booze he's not asking for money I gave
her food well he's gonna trade your
happy meal for bulls in the black market
come on Shep if you let me feed him no
jr. he's homeless because he's made bad
decisions in his life I was abducted by
aliens
see see he should have been more careful
come on chef peepee we just need a
loving care for him no no no jr. he's a
stinky bum stinking what his name stinky
no jr. he is the key look look I'm
getting in the car get in the car you
want to come on with me okay I'm gonna
try to find a way to sneak you into my
house okay okay I'm gonna sneak into my
house okay so how let me think of some
will you get the trunk of the car okay
right now okay come on let's go let's go
hey Shep e-beam Julie hurry up and get
in the car before I call your dad okay
but I put my half mil in the trunk what
why because I don't want the car is no
like food okay good idea but hurry up
okay okay stinky get in the trunk of the
car you're going to my house and road
trail yeah all right chef peepee I'm
ready to go
what that's my happy meal it's supposed
to be in the trunk what is it doing in
the car oh I decided I want to eat it on
the way home because I'm really hungry
so what if I check the trunk well you
that because I saw you put that homeless
man in the trunk
in the truck I would even see that right
here junior I'll ban the truck your same
thing you know you're talking about
Julie you're such an idiot
I saw put them in the trunk okay stinky
I'm gonna sneak you up to my room okay
just be quiet like a mouse and squeak
let's go
all right thinking you can stay in shy
peepees bed since he's not gonna be home
for a while come here so is it anything
you need stinky beer what I can't buy
that I'm not old enough cheese balls oh
[Music]
he went for a walk well it's time for
him
dinner I know he's so lazy darn him who
is that in your bed oh that's a stinky
Stacey Stacey yeah Stacey a girl from my
school you know like the song Stacy's
mom has got it goin on no no no no no no
no no no yeah things are moving really
quick Wow I didn't know you were such a
ladies man ladies man I can't get mommy
well how old is she is she at least 18
she's uh 40 40 40 it Stacy's actual mom
is she's got it going on and she's also
the teacher's assistant do you my
sharing with your dad Jerry no sour
accent look if she wants to see parents
tell them meet me in my room yeah we
that was closed stinky okay so what do
you want cheese balls okay I'll get the
cheese ball just just stay in my room I
don't like that seeing you all right
stinky here's your cheese balls hey
cheese balls head cheese bow man cheese
bow man yeah what's that smell pee pee
you peed the bed why don't you get off -
come here oh well we all had accidents
my mama said I was an accident she did
well maybe we can give you a bath you
clean you up
oh yeah no water you're scared of water
you know why mono killed my grandpappy
it did Titanic
oh I'm sorry to hear about that well
there's anything else you want beer beer
I'm not old enough to get I told you
that find it
bingo bingo was his name-o
[Music]
all right thinking you got your
cheeseball then you got your drink
you're happy
so I was thinking I could teach you a
few tricks all right okay so I want to
each other play catch try to catch this
ball in your mouth
all right okay you were really close so
let's try again try to catch this ball
on your mouth okay yeah a little bit
better that time so let's try that again
try to catch the ball on your mouth
who's at the door
oh I'm staring yeah I asked you who's at
the door hello jr. why is your dad's car
parked in the front yard uh I thought
that's where you parked it you know
you're parked in the driveway
you drove wait yeah your dad let you
drive yeah yeah he said that uh since
I'm 11 I just start learning how to
drive so all right oh that's where you
parked it because I don't want to walk
all the way to the driveway so I parked
it right there because it's easier to
get to it oh well jr. you might be a
genius
yeah yeah so you guys want to come in
and see my new pet wait you have a new
pet do what it's me a tamagotchi even
better come look guys okay
all right guys be quiet he's sleeping Jr
this is a homeless man oh isn't it cute
but no jr. he's not a pet he's a grown
man but I saved him what do you mean you
saved him he was in a cohort box and I
brought him home Jimmy that was his
house oh I thought it was like a puppy
in a box like free to a good home
no jr. he's not a puppy he's a middle
aged man that probably has some kind of
disorder but he's so happy
well of course he's happy he went from
living on the street to laying in chef
babies bed eating cheese balls I'd be
happy to
well I just want to take care of him
well if you wanted to take care of
someone take care of Joseph he's
actually homeless yeah dude I don't have
cheese balls
but the homeless guys so cute oh yeah
he's real cute Junior he smells like pee
and he probably has lice thank you for
actually taking my side for once Cody
don't mention it gosh shut up nerd okay
guys guys I just want to take care of
them you know and then give him a nice
home and feed him cheese balls
Junior he can't stay here so I have to
get rid of him yes can we at least like
you know clean him up and get him a job
first
junior who is gonna hire him look at him
he's homeless and like I said he smells
like pee what he didn't smell like pee
and what if we like you know got him a
new outfit and and cut his hair and
shaved and and made him look like a
normal person
did someone give him a job well maybe
yeah yeah I think we should do the right
thing and take care of him until I get
the job okay well yeah I guess that
would be the right thing to do we could
help him get back on his feet okay so
you clean about cut his hair and
everything and I'm gonna go try to find
him a job okay okay all right Cody I got
a job interview lined up for him is he
all cleaned up no no Cody why did you
clean him up oh I tried junior but I'm
not going anywhere near him again I
tried to brush his teeth and he bit me
he bit you I think I have rabies now
well one your leash is closed oh I tried
I tried to take off his shoes and he
kicked me well then why don't you leave
like sprinkle on make him smell good oh
I did but it didn't matter his stink
overpowered the Cologne
I actually stuck a whole bar of soap
down his pants but I don't know what
happened to that I'll just have to go to
the job interview like this okay well I
mean hopefully the job interviewer won't
care well what job did you have lined up
for him uh anesthesiologist Junior what
no that's the only job we come see him
no no junior no well it's not like a
dolphin No
oh hold on I think that's a job
interviewer no no hello
hey buddy who parked the car Helen
Keller oh man you're some of my patients
tell me I should be a stand-up comedian
but I don't know what do you think well
the guys ready for the job interview
upstairs
ouch that bad huh hold on hold on I got
another one I got another one just I
don't see her did the Helen Keller thing
actually is blind and whatnot and cars
not supposed to be this what else what
else okay okay I got it I got it
hey I didn't know your house was a
drive-through you get it cuz like you
drive right through all right let's do
that job open up you know all right so
where's this guy who's ready for the job
interview
he's right here what is he under the
hobo no he is the hobo ah what is this
some kind of prank why would this be a
prank well because there's a homeless
guy laying on your couch with his pants
around his ankles and you're telling me
that he wants to be an anesthesiologist
and I can see his junk so that's fun so
he can't be an anesthesiologist no no
he's a homeless man and being an
anesthesiologist requires years of
school it's a very hard job what was the
anesthesiologist even do well they give
people medicine to help him go to sleep
during surgery well he sleeps all the
time okay I'm sure he does but that's
not what we want the anesthesiologist to
do well he sleeps all the time he knows
sleeping and who can help people go to
sleep better that son who sleeps all the
time huh you know I never really thought
about it like that
okay kid you twisted my arm I'll give
him a shot and see how he does you give
him that you come the job yeah I'll give
him the job what's the worst that could
happen and so long story short the
patient died they did yeah flatlined
what happened well I told him to
administer the anesthesia and he
injected the patient with all of it and
then gave the rest to himself so he's
gonna be taking a nap for a little while
oh so does he at least get paid for what
he did
oh no no I'm being sued for malpractice
so in a few days I might actually end up
like him oh come on can you give another
chance he just messed up no
man died today they found cheese balls
stitched up inside the patient's
pancreas it was open-heart surgery also
what happens now now he goes and lives
back out on the street where he belongs
and I get a lawyer and hope my job as a
stand-up comedian works out where'd you
hear that stinky well God sorry did you
just call him stinky you let me hire a
man named stinky to help with a surgery
well I don't know that his real name I
just call him that because he is
thinking oh no I noticed he was stinky I
just didn't think that was his name
because if I thought that was his name I
never would have hired him in the first
place I just want you to know that
well stinky whenever you wake up let's
eat some cheese balls together
oh man the cheese balls are good this
bed smells like pee
hey guys jr. I think the homeless gonna
peed in chef Phoebe's bed oh he did yes
well how'd it go jr. oh he got the job
what but then he got fired
Oh oh yeah so I'm just gonna try to find
him another job no no no jr. I have to
talk to you about something serious what
you have another hemorrhoid no no not
this time
no jr. stinky needs to go to the
bathroom no well I mean yeah probably
but no I mean he needs to go away like
to the vet
no no jr. I'm saying you need to get rid
of stinky stinky but why well jr. look
stinky doesn't belong here he needs to
be outside what oh sorry yeah he needs
to be outside free in the wild with
other Stinky's so they can play what but
you seem like he's so happy here well I
I know I know but I think he'd be much
happier out there what you do yeah it's
it's where he belongs
hmm you really think you need to go back
outside yeah that's what would be best
jr. okay I'll go tell them then hmm
poor kid hey stinky a cheese ball um is
there any way I can talk to you by the
front door come on legs feel like
spaghetti
meatballs all right all right stinky I'm
gonna talk to you right here and you
kicking me out
Oh kicking you out no I'm liking you
okay cheese bone man I've been kicked
out lots of lives like McDonald's and
the gas station Walmart but you cheese
bone man you were the only one that was
nice to me
you gave me so many cheese balls and you
let me pee in your bed well I just
really care about you and I really just
want you to be happy stinky I love you
cheese ball man I'll never forget you oh
I love you so much stinky oh I hope I
see you again one day stinky CEOs a cube
[Music]
okay guys I got rid of him it was the
right thing to do Junior yeah you're a
good dude dude well thanks guys you know
I'd do anything for you guys too right
yeah yeah dude
so uh you know I stay here since you
were gonna let that homeless guy live
here uh uh
Cody uh I never notice how the point of
your hat is yeah it's pretty pointy
dude I'm literally homeless I live on
the street every night Cody like is that
like with an ice cream cone what are you
holding
I think it's aligned haven't had a good
shower in weeks years can't even see how
those glasses Cody like they're so like
blue oh yeah it's fine
God what would I be notice Junior why is
he so mad at you because I stole the car
and left them at McDonald's Wow okay so
that's why the cars like that yeah
that's why the cars like that Cody I
need a favor from you I did you lie for
me I'm not gonna do that
come on you you you are so dead why is
that homeless guy Oh what almost guy the
homeless guy from McDonald's that you
picked up I pick up the homeless guys
McDonald's yes you did to your you stole
the car at nine miles you're happy Chevy
and you could have called an uber I
didn't have my phone cuz the phone was
in the car idiot okay well first of all
Chevy I did not speed off in the car as
I was at me Oh what's it to hear it was
it's Cody right Cody wasn't even in the
car yeah you was we weren't he was at
McDonald's remember and then he saw the
car and he said junior let's go for a
joyride so he jumped in the driver's
seat when you got out and then we sped
off no no I didn't do that yeah yeah you
did you did do that no I didn't yeah
yeah you did
no I didn't yes you didn't but I didn't
do it though said you didn't junior you
know I didn't do it come on junior
you just told me what happened you did
it not many people you did a consuming
but I didn't do it don't so you did it
I'm not gonna say it cuz I didn't do it
you did you do okay fine I did it Sea
Shepherd's I did it yes I heard but I
heard the whole conversation I heard you
tell them to say it yeah see I didn't do
it but it ended with him saying he did
do it so you heard that does anybody
smell burning cereal oh oh yeah we left
cereal on fire like earlier
why was it on fire push every burns
everything cooks now but you did do it
though I didn't
[Music]