hey danny can i borrow 100 bucks for
what just to have it no we think i have
a dollar jeffy shut up we're trying to
watch shark tank i want to watch sharks
do they eat people no daddy if a shark
bit off your winger right now what would
you do how would a shirt matter went off
right now i'm on a couch and i guess i'd
have no wiener oh did you grow back like
a lizard's tail no what the hell would
you pee would you have to pee out your
butt like a girl girls don't pee off
their butt jeffy mommy tell them no
jeffy we don't do that then why do you
sit down when you pee uh i'll explain it
to you when you're older there's nothing
to explain you sit down you pee you pee
out your butt ugh fine jeffy we pee out
our butts hold your daddy mommy feeds on
your butt no the girls don't pee out
their butt jeffy yes they do why don't
guys pee on their butt jeffy no one pees
up their boat please mommy just said she
peeds off her butt jeffy we want to
watch shark tank please cd sharks daddy
four sharks who are all billionaires are
looking to invest their money into the
next million dollar product
hello sharks i am dr friedrich
thinkershitz and today i am here to
present my amazing new invention now how
many times were you late for an
important doctor's appointment or late
for work because your alarm clock did
not wake you up well i am here with a
brilliant solution to that problem
behold this shock clock all you do is
attach these steps you see them here you
attach them to your body like so just
like this oh very sticky and then they
stick there and then when you set your
alarm clock whenever it goes off it will
wake you up with 100 000 volts of
electricity watch
i am awake and on time so who is ready
to invest
i have a question does it matter where
you put the electrodes do they have to
go on your chest i mean you can put them
anywhere on your body that is safe i'm
trying to ask can i put them on my balls
yes if that's what you want to do okay i
think i've heard everything i needed in
them i have a question does it hurt when
you get shocked yes it hurts extremely
bad but that is why it wakes you up but
can you put it on your nipples ooh
that's a good question right yeah yes it
can go anywhere on your body yeah
can we try the product oh yes it's just
me first no no me my nipples no
so uh when's it go off in three seconds
oh i want to buy the whole damn company
no i would have bought it oh no i'm not
going to no no no i'm fine
i'm going to buy the car i'll take the
car i want it i'm taking it no what are
the offers i'll give you 15 million
dollars for the rights to this product
i'll give you 50 million dollars for
this if i can take it home right now
i'll give you 15 million dollars just to
try it again daddy this show is dumb
there's no sharks on here marvin i can't
believe that man just made millions of
dollars off of his invention oh jeffy
why don't you invent something so you
can stop asking me for money but why do
i invent i don't know jeffy if i had an
idea i would just go invented can you
give me a hint give me a head i don't
have an idea jeffy you just told me that
if you gave me the idea then you would
just go invent so instead of you
inventing it why don't you give me the
idea and i'll invent it okay jeffy look
i'll help you um what is something you
want every day hose jeffy no no from the
moment you wake up why do you try to get
hose and paper no no jeffy what is a
problem every day like what is something
you wish you could stop doing um i peed
my pants every day yeah so so why don't
you invent something that'll stop you
from peeing your pants it's called a
diaper daddy yeah but the diaper doesn't
work when it's on the outside of your
pants wait joey doesn't get dirty okay
so why don't you invent something that
stops your pants from being dirty oh you
want me to invent a washing machine what
do those already exist jeffy to invent
something that like stops your pants
from ever getting dirty in the first
place
i know your hand i'm not giving you
hints i don't know why don't you invent
a tape recorder of my voice saying don't
be your pants and you can listen to it
every day so you know not to pee your
pants
too hard but since you won't tell me
what it is daddy i'm gonna invent
something so everybody everywhere can
pee their pants wouldn't they just not
be your band stop
he'll never learn all right donny check
out my invention doug clampo wiener
what's it do jeffy i closed pin the tip
of my wiener shuck so now when i try to
pee nothing comes out doesn't that hurt
jeffy mommy i've slammed the toilet lid
on my junk so many times i've lost all
feeling down there jeffy you cannot
close pin your winter shot sure i can
daddy and watch when i try to pee
nothing's gonna come out
see no pee and my pants are clean as a
whistle jeffy your bladder's gonna
explode my bank account's gonna explode
from all the cash going in from all the
people buying clampo wiener no one's
gonna buy a clampo wiener it's a dumb
idea you're just jealous that you didn't
think of it first why don't you try your
washing machine idea and see how far
that gets you what jeffy you're gonna
hurt yourself with that stupid invention
oh and mommy i'm still trying to work on
a girl's version but for now go ahead
and shove a golf ball up your butt that
will stop the pee
jeffy look i'm gonna call a doctor so a
doctor can tell you that's a bad idea
it's gonna hurt your wiener all right
hey there you call a doctor yes doctor
can you tell my son that his invention
is stupid wow what a great father very
supportive well no no no once you hear
what his invention is you're gonna think
it's dumb tell him jeffy so i was trying
to make an invention to stop myself from
peeing my pants and my daddy got mad at
me and he clamped the tip of my wiener
shot and he said you're never gonna pee
again you little p boy and you peed all
over me no no no no that's not what
happened father of the year well no
that's not what happened at all should i
get my cop outfit because that's abuse
no no he did that to himself no one
would do that to themselves
well why why would no one do that
themselves because it's a bad idea and
why is it a bad idea you should know
you're the one who did it i just want
everyone in the room to know why it's a
bad idea so can you explain it to me
well you could cause permanent damage to
your urethra or not it's like your pee
hole tube peel too
yeah so you could damage that and you
could also cause your bladder to burst
from all the pee you hear that jeffy
it's all that bad stuff can happen then
why would you do this to me if you knew
that would happen i did not do this you
jeffy uh thank you doctor you can leave
this has been the weirdest call i've
ever gotten jeffy why would you lie to
him like that because
what did jeffy listen see why it's a bad
idea yeah all right danny i'll invent
something else oh god i hate him all
right guy checked out this invention i
got a tube in my pee hole and when i
peed the pee goes through the tube and
into my backpack i call it the pee pack
jeffy that's disgusting jeffy no one's
gonna want to wear a backpack full of
piss on their back what would you rather
have piss in your pants or a piece in
your backpack jeffy no one wants to wear
pee anywhere and nobody's gonna want to
walk around and watch each other pee
through tubes sure they will daddy this
is gonna be the new fashion trend
everyone's gonna walk around seeing who
can fill up their p pack the fastest by
the end of the day no one's gonna do
that hey did i leave my car keys here
i'm always leaving my keys around i wish
somebody would invent something to help
me stop losing my keys wait what the
hell is your son wearing it's called a
pee pack a what apparently it's a tube
that's in his wiener and then he pees
into a bag oh so it's kind of like a
catheter what is that oh it's like a
tube that goes into your pee hole too
yeah that it goes in there and it's like
a bag that collects your pee oh so it's
hard you been invented yeah oh man i've
got some time to invent something else
oh thank god i did not want him to go
through with that invention it's
disgusting so have you seen my car keys
no we have not seen your car keys um
could you empty your pockets
you think i stole your car keys i mean
maybe i just i want to be sure i don't
have pockets how can i look
get away we go okay oh all right donny
check out my invention it sponges in my
pants so when i pee the sponges soak up
all the piss i call it spongebob pitch
pants jeffy you cannot call it spongebob
that's copyrighted well i'll think of
another name later jeffy you're gonna
smell disgusting well it's still a work
in progress mommy jeffy no one's gonna
want to put sponges in their pants well
because they never thought of it they're
not smart like me daddy no jeffy it's
dumb what happens when all the sponges
get full of pee well then you just
squeeze them out and reuse them they're
reusable daddy that's disgusting jeffy
nobody's gonna want to touch their own
pee jeffy listen why can't you just
learn to go to the bathroom because this
is a dumb idea you think all my ideas
are dumb but this idea is super dumb i
like the pack more that made more sense
no danny i think this is the one so i'm
gonna go work on refining the prototype
which is that
all right daddy i've done it i created
the pish pal the piss pal jave yeah
daddy i took all those yellow sponges
and i cut them out into yellow smiley
faces i made them smiley faces because
you get mad at me when i pee my pants so
when i look at this it makes me happy to
pee my pants but anyway what you do is
you stick it in your pants and you pee
and then when you're done you squish
them out and then you get to reuse them
oh jiffy that's so cute thanks mommy
cute there's nothing cute about this
piss pal thing oh look marvin look at
the packaging it's so professional oh
yeah when i'm walking around walmart i
want to see aisles full of piss pals you
won't see them on your shelves daddy
because they'll be sold out bit well no
no you won't see them on the shelves
because you don't have the money to get
them in the stores because nobody wants
to buy them bit
no one likes you daddy well jeffy
nobody's gonna buy a piss pile they'd
rather just go use the toilet well i'm
gonna go on shark tank you're going on
shark tank jeffy yeah and i'm gonna sell
all of them and i'm gonna show you over
to show all of this
jeffy you're no one's gonna invest in
your stupid
dumb stupid piss pal
the sharks are ready to hear the next
invention hey guys i'm jeffy are you
tired of pissing your pants i am
well i am too so that's why i invented
the piss pal put your piss pow in your
pants in front of your wiener and
whenever you have to pee just do it so
who wants to invest wait why is he
smiling he's getting peed on you don't
like getting peed on yeah weirdo well
usually my daddy gets mad at me when i
pee my pants so now all i have to do is
look down and i get happy because i see
the smiley face what if i have to poop
good question well i'm trying to make a
poop pal but sponges don't absorb poop
very well but what if you don't have a
wiener good question we make them for
girls too oh mm-hmm and how many times
can i piss in it before i have to change
out my piss pal like it just becomes you
know like leaky um about one good pay
and then you gotta wring it out and then
you get to use it again but i have to
touch it i have to bring the piss out
with my own hands it's gross but it's
your piss
how much are you gonna sell the piss pal
for
29.99
30 to take a piss in my pants i mean i
could always lower the price you know
what can i try it i have to pee
oh thank you just uh
oh ah okay that's a little rough kind of
hurts going in but how is it going to be
though let's find out
that's a good pass
oh that's a good piss that's a good pass
right isn't it great i will give you a
million dollars for 95 percent of your
company i'm going to make sure that
everybody in the world is pissing their
pants with the piss pal
mr pooby just offered jeffy one million
dollars for ninety five percent of the
piss pound will jeffy accept the offer
or will he walk away empty-handed
[Music]
dale yes
you are so dumb i got this idiot i was
gonna offer him more
i'm gonna make me a lot of money kid say
piss pal baseball
marvin jeffy just made a million dollars
what's up daddy all my hoes want back to
front i'm talking straight smearing
in the playhouse what i got two words
for you daddy mucus plug located in the
cervix run and tell that homeboy jeffy
speak english i don't need to speak
english the only language i need to
speak is this paper i'm talking dead
trees i'm talking deforestation
what i'm talking deforestation i
heard you jeffy i'm talking
deforestation b
wow okay what jeffy why did you sell 95
of your company basically took your
whole company well i still got five
percent and daddy i get paid every time
someone takes a piss oh you shouldn't
have sold your whole company jeffy
marvin why can't you just be happy for
him i'm very proud of you jeffy for
making a million dollars thanks daddy
oh that must be my other wheelbarrow
full of cash let me see who that is
hello is jeffy here oh hey you're the
guy who invested in jeffy's piss pedal
yeah and i'm regretting it believe me so
is he here or not oh yeah jeffy can you
come down here what's up daddy hey bud
so you invented this right yeah yeah
yeah yeah you came up with a piss pal
that's your idea uh-huh yeah you didn't
steal it at all no hmm well that's
really interesting because i got a cease
and desist letter we've got one of those
before uh-huh from the scrub daddy you
ever see that before no
so you don't see any similarities
between the two well it looks like i
taped piss pal over the box it does look
like that doesn't it did you do that
yeah so you stole it no i didn't steal
it they scrub dishes with theirs and i
piss on mine okay you gotta give me my
billion dollars back
right now
what marvin why is that man taking
jeffy's money because jeffy stole the
idea for the piss pal and you know what
you can have
this back
[Applause]
jeffy don't touch it
ah okay
[Music]