please let me go I'm sorry I don't want
to die I'm going to chop your head off y
FR you and Di trip please don't I'm
going go Char my knif while I get back
over and chop your
head I got to get out of
here I'm free wait a minute where my
chicken go
go y find that
go where'd he go where'd he go oh man
guys I love cocoa pops is the greatest
cereal ever yeah dude this is my
favorite cereal this cereal looks like
rabbit turch like it came out of the
rabbit's butthole like I mean it does
look like rabbit poop hey don't talk
about my cereal like that I'm cucko for
Coco Puffs C for Coco Puffs cucko for
Cocoa Puffs yeah that's what the birds
has about the cereal he goes I'm C for
goo yeah he's on drugs dude yeah like
heroin oh is that why we eat the cereal
with a spoon yeah it's for drug addicts
yeah exactly there's someone at the door
guys we should all answer it together in
case it's P Diddy or one of Mr Beast
workers I think that's like the latest
person who did it yeah we got to keep a
look out for these guys hello I said I
said Son you have to hide me guys no way
it's the cocoa pffs bird dude we was
just eating the cereal yeah we were just
having a bowl of your ass pellets I have
no idea what y'all are talking about you
know your cereal that looks like rat
poop I mean I do have a prolapsed anal
let me say it e dude why is he showing
us as but hole it's a sad world we live
in people will do anything for cash I'm
surprised they didn't charge us $5 a
month you know we did get it for free
listen will you please hide me someone's
trying to kill me who would want to kill
the Cocoa Puffs BD o probably the other
cereal companies because they're beefing
oh yeah like Cocoa Krispies and Cocoa
Pebbles they probably hate him cuz the
cereal is better and the black Captain
Crunch wait what there's a chocolate
Captain Crunch right no there's no
chocolate Captain Crunch dude I thought
there was like a black Captain Crunch
listen will you please hide me okay
we'll hide you but you have to say your
catchphrase oh please please come on
what say say your catchphrase what do
you say yeah Bok no come on try what are
you for Cocoa Puffs I'm a chicken no no
no what are you for Cocoa Puffs you say
that you're something for Cocoa Puff
yeah well at least give me a hint oh
you're like crazy dude yeah crazy oh I'm
crazy for Cocoa PFF no you don't you
don't say crazy yeah you're like insane
for Cocoa P okay I'm insane for Cocoa p
no say something insane say something
crazy I'll kill your whole family for
Cocoa p no no no no something like more
crazy like crazy crazy crazy I'll shoot
up a hospital for Cocoa p not murder no
no not not like mass murder I'm talking
like like crazy like like think about
like the Mexican cartel like that I
behead your whole family for Coco Buffs
I say no no no like what else like how
do they think I will hop the border for
some C okay now you're being racist it's
like Russian right yeah Russian Russian
Mafia the Russian mafia I will kill
everybody in the world for Coco not
Vladimir Putin like like like like a
like sger in The Terminator yeah yeah
crazy put those Cocoa Puffs down now
okay you're not the accents the actual
crazy thought the crazy thoughts like
like the energy you got to have a crazy
energy dude yeah I'm insane for Cocoa PS
okay now you're I don't even know what
the hell that was do we should we just
give it to him okay I'll give you one
more hint what does a train do um cho
cho for Cocoa P cloth yeah yeah now take
away the H um cuck for Cocoa
PS I'll say it crazy I'm cucko for Cocoa
P high pitch like I'm cucko for Cocoa P
yeah
you did it I can't believe you didn't
know what you were saying like you're so
stupid that you forgot your own saying
that's because I don't even eat Cocoa
Puffs oh guys he was so addicted to
Cocoa Puffs they made him go to rehab
and they wiped his memory of Cocoa Puffs
that's why he didn't know what he was
talking about oh yeah we don't want him
to relapse dude yeah that's why he
hasn't even heard a Cocoa Puffs they
wiped his mind cuz he was so addicted he
had to go to rehab yeah for the heroin
yeah uh yeah sure now will you please
hide me okay we'll let you inside but we
can't take him to the kitchen cuz then
he'll see the Coco he might try to snort
it yeah we we don't want him to fail
dude yeah come on come on guys come on
well I say I say boys I sure do
appreciate y'all let me hide here of
course you're the Cocoa Puffs Bird yeah
dude you're my favorite cereal yep yep
that's me the Cocoa Puffs bird so what's
your real name anyway oh well my name is
Mr Doodle Doo first name [ __ ] last name
a dooodle dooo oh like [ __ ] a doodle
dooo no why do you have a ball Shack
under your chin oh oh that's so if he
sees any of the other cereals he can
teabag them by nodding his head yeah
yeah that's what it's for yep mhm uh
dude I don't think this is the real
cocoa PFF bird oh what makes you say
that yeah why you saying that Joseph
this [ __ ] acting weird what would
happen if I wasn't the cocoa pus Bud
probably slit your throat and cook your
ass up yeah we probably give you the
shfp to skin you alive and put you in a
pot of boiling water I'm crazy for Cocoa
Puffs what what come again I I'm c c I'm
C for Cocoa Puffs I'm cuckoo as [ __ ] I
slap a [ __ ] for some cucko Puffs I I
don't get in my face about no coco Puffs
yeah that's yeah yeah that's you it
really is him I don't know what's wrong
with me dude yeah yeah you like that
[ __ ] don't you boys mhm yeah has to he's
real the real one dude there's someone
at the door I'll get it wait wait wait I
I don't think you should answer that why
not what what if it's a dangerous
stranger well what if it's another
serial mascot that I got to save it's
not well let me see if it is no no no no
no no it's it's not you shouldn't go
down there okay well I still want to
answer it okay well well well if it's an
old man looking for a giant chicken I'm
not here well you're not a giant chicken
you're the Coco Puff bird yep yep that's
right I'm the Cocoa Puffs bird so so if
there is an old man there's not a
chicken here yeah there's not there's a
Coco pu bird yep that's right hello you
thinking what y talking about big old
thinking no what I don't I don't know
what you're saying I'm talking about
chicken you walk around
like oh you're talking about a chicken
eat them um have I seen a chicken yes oh
no there's no chicken here no not
thought about you I I thought you seen
them you walk around
[Music]
no we don't see that but but the cocoa
pus bird is here the cocoa bird the
cocoa pus bird is upstairs he walk
right you see him he's upstairs you want
me to see if he'll come down and take a
picture with
you
and so you like Cocoa Puffs I do all
right let me ask Coco Puffs Bird come
take a picture with you hold on I want
tell you something about the ticket did
Bill ticket better walk around he be
sitting too you little ball underne [ __ ]
going
no I haven't seen a chicken but I have
seen the Coco Burg so I'll maybe you can
ask the Coco bur if he seen the chicken
all I'll do that so who who was at the
door it was an old man it was did you
tell him to leave and to never come back
why are you afraid of old people well
because they got scabies and false teeth
and they're going to die soon and I'm
scared of death and scared to death oh
no it was the nicest old man he was
looking for a chicken with a butcher's
knife did you tell him to leave did you
did you tell him I wasn't here I mean
the chicken wasn't here yeah told him
the chicken wasn't here oh thank God but
I did tell him the cocoa pus bird was
here he's a big fan of you so he wants a
picture oh hell no well he wants a
picture with you he's a huge fan I don't
care tell that old man to leave come on
you got to give him an autograph dude
you got to spend time with your fans I'm
but I'm spending time with you boys and
I don't want that old man to eat up too
much of my time or me come on just go
take a quick picture just for 5 seconds
I said no wow Joseph they say never meet
your Your Heroes and this is why because
he's so mean to his fans yeah dude we
supported you while you were in rehab
yeah while you were on crack all your
fans still ate your cereal cuz we knew
you were on heroin and we wanted to
support you and you're not going to say
hi to one little fan you know what I
think you should go hide at someone
else's house okay fine damn I'll do it
but I'm going to do it in costume why
you do it in costume you're not going
look like the Coco Puffs bird yes I will
I I dress up all the time I'll be like
the special edition cocoa pus bird or
coco is [ __ ] I'll dress up as like a
pirate or a captain or something let me
see what you boys have all right here he
is the Cocoa Puffs Bird yeah that's me
the the Cocoa Puffs bird wait a minut
why the cocoa P bird like a
piggy because because this is the
special edition cocoa pus bird a bacon
Puffs to celebrate the new Cocoa Puffs
coming out I ain't never heard no bacon
Puffs that's because the're new it's the
best partt of a balanced breakfast wait
a minute
you yeah yeah I'm cuckoo I'm super
cuckoo for Coco Puffs you CUO for Coco
po I'm CUO for Coco Puffs I cucko for
Coco po y'all let me know if yall a big
old chicken [ __ ] yeah we'll do if we
see him we we'll let you know so you
should go all right y make sure you tell
me he's big old chicken [ __ ] got
better than watch okay yeah we'll let
you know we see a big chicken all right
that's y well is there any other things
about that we should know about like big
old chicken fter walk around he gets all
over the place and and he talks too well
he can talk yeah he be old talking
chicken [ __ ] A ching chicken if I see
a Ching chicken I'll definitely let you
know all right find that [ __ ] good
goddamn h on oh what a weird old man he
he's acting like a giant chicken slept
with his wife or something yeah he
really hates giant chickens we should
let him know if we see it oh yeah oh
that was way too close what was way too
close I I mean I mean way too gross
because old people are gross especially
old wrinkly saggy sexy Old Farmers wives
at least you don't like them young like
these streamers do yep that's right so
boys what do you want to watch I mean we
could watch videos of chickens getting
their head cut off no how about we watch
some videos of cows getting slaughtered
you want to do that you like black boys
I don't I don't I don't care what we
watch well at least whatever we watch
I'm eating Joseph what are you doing
what you you don't bring cocoa pots
around the cocoa pots bir might get
addicted again oh dude my bad I wasn't
paying attention no no it's okay boys
remember I I went to rehab I'm good I'm
straight you still don't bring cra
around a crackhead yeah I once knew a
guy who suck dick for bus fair and then
walked yeah you don't want to end up
like him no I'm I'm good boys I'm
straight you sure it's pretty good I
know you want some huh huh huh huh I
mean I'll try maybe like one or two no
no no
no gross gross wait a minute come on
you're not the real Cocoa Puff yeah Coco
would love Cocoa Puff you want I'm say
gross imposter yeah okay damn fine I'm
not the cocoa Puff's bud I'm just the
giant ass chicken that likes to sleep
with Farmer's wives old ass wrinkly sexy
Farmer's wives oh my God we've been lied
to I knew that old man should have cut
his head off mhm hold on boys I'm I'm
getting a
call hello hello is this that big
chicken that was in my room last night
tearing it up good [ __ ] oh that depends
is this that old woman that knows how to
take her dentals out it depends
is that that big chicken that was making
me moist as a sponge yeah ma'am oh I'm
going to need you to come over right now
and let me smell that big wrinkly orange
ball sack under your chin oh yeah ma'am
I'm going to need you to remove my my
diaper with your beak that that depends
that depends oh yeah
manam yeah Ma sorry boys I got to go oh
God we you should have known it wasn't
the Coco WB you were right all along
Joseph yeah I shouldn't have trust his
ass Sorry God I feel like such an idiot
she's a big chicken right
[Music]