hey Daddy can I go outside and play
catch with Junior no Jeffy it's dark
outside but I just want to play catch
you won't even be able to see the ball
because it's so dark look how wrong you
are it's Blinky AF he's got you there
Marvin no Jeffy you can't play outside
cuz it's dark wait till the daytime but
what's your point in having to line up
ball if I can't play with it at night
time yeah Marvin they put a light in
there for a reason well they don't want
people playing outside during the dark
that they they probably want you to turn
all your lights off in the house so turn
all the lights off in the house and play
with it in the house Marvin that's not
safe he could break something not going
to break something with that tiny little
ball oh sweet thanks for the permission
Daddy all right Junior you ready to play
ball your dad said yes to playing
outside no he said that we have to play
inside but we could turn off all the
lights that's lame I wanted to play
outside I know Junior but my daddy said
no okay I guess just throw it to me all
right junior Here It
Comes whoops almost broke that lamp wa
wait a minute that's a good idea Jeffy
what if we break something in the house
your dad gets so mad he says we have to
play ball outside well what do you want
to break the lamp no that's too small we
have to break something big oh then what
should we break come here all right
Jeffy so this is what you're going to do
you're going to drop that bowling ball
off this balcony and hit that glass
table and break it and your dad's going
to think that you broke the glass table
with this ball and he's going to tell us
to go play outside cuz it's too
dangerous good idea Junior bombs your
way what was that noise sounds like
something broke Marvin let's go
check get your ass out here yes f mother
why did you break that glass table with
a bowling ball I didn't break the glass
table with the bowling ball I broke it
with the lightup ball I see the bowling
ball right there the L ball can't do
that well the bowling Ball's always been
there me and Junior were playing catch
and the LI ball hit the table and
shattered it isn't it dangerous
shouldn't I go play outside get your ass
out get the out of I never want to see
you again you're so grounded can do
father thanks for the permission the
glass I'm going to kill him I'm going to
kill him what' your dad say I heard a
lot of yelling good news Junior my daddy
told me to get the F out of the house
but that means we can go outside and
play sure does yay we got what we wanted
yay oh man Jeffy I'm so excited we get
to play catch outside in the dark I know
Junior look at it lined up it's so cool
I know it's sick all right throw throw
it to me throw it to me all right catch
Junior where is it where is it H A Time
believe you lost our
own well we have to find it before it
hats us there it
is H back to the ship Jeffy you
overthrew it go get it oh man Jeffy I
think it went deep into the bushes what
lights up just look for something
lighten up I don't see anything that
lights up oh there it is oh you found it
all let me get it wa wait wait what is
that that's not the ball that's some
kind of like alien egg thing we found an
alien egg what if it hatches and an
alien comes out that would be so cool
let's take it back to your house all
right
sweet all right Jeffy let's take it up
to your room so we can inspect it all
right dinner all right right Jeffy so if
it is an alien egg we have to call the
CIA cuz they might give us a prize
Junior can you help me it's slipping
yeah I'll help you let me just oh
no whoops oh no Jeffy the egg broke and
there's an alien inside are you
okay
Mama Jeffy he thinks we're the parents
yay I'm so happy to be a daddy what's
your
name his name
is well we can't call him that that was
my grandfather's name it was yeah well
at least that was the last thing he said
before he choked on pizza and died oh
well let's think of a cool name for an
alien what's a cool name Brandon no I
don't like Brandon what if we named him
Baba buy Baba buy do you like that name
Baba bu okay his name is Baba buy yay
all right so what's the first thing that
parents do breastfeed but we don't have
boobies but if I did then I'd be
squeezing them me too I'd be squeezing
like um okay what's something uh ooh
Chef peee we can ask him to breastfeed
him okay all right let's do chef peee
hello and welcome to ship's Habachi
restaurant we love you shipi you're so
sexy I know I know settle down wait what
you say ma'am you with the huge cans oh
you want to see an egg trick I can do
that that's light work just let me
balance it on the spatula oh oh how does
he do it how does he do it wait you want
to see me throw it in the air and catch
it on the spatula oh say less
dang it God I almost had it now I got to
get another
egg all right let's try this again hey
sh Junior you made me mess up I need you
to do something for me what do you need
me to cook well I don't need you to cook
me anything I I need something to drink
what do you need to drink milk what what
it's the refrigerator's right there you
can go in the refrigerator get it
yourself I don't need milk from the
refrigerator I I need milk from your
boobies I need your
breastfeed does it look like I have tit
Junior well I don't know you're always
wearing that coat you might have double
D's under there oh yeah I have double
D's under this coat I've been hiding it
the whole time I I buy bras all the time
and shop at Victoria Secret and I have
huge pepperoni nipples can I see them no
Junior I don't have double D's what do
you need breastfed anyway well I I found
this baby alien we're wondering if you
could breastfeed it a baby alien yeah
he's a real baby alien is that one of
your friends in the costume but no this
is Baba buy Baba buy huh yeah Baba buy I
bet Baba Buy's antennas come off
W
babao Junior tell Joseph to get out that
custume right now that's not Joseph it's
a real alien if it's a real alien I'm
calling the CIA then oh
no Jeffy he went upstairs oh no my
daddy's jum there what's all that noise
is Jeffy breaking more stuff calm down
Marvin you're
overreacting I'm sorry I'm sorry this is
my friend jior he just dressed up as an
alien right now that's Junior dressed
like an alien yep B oh yeah that's
that's our catchphrase Baba buy oh wait
you're not supposed to be having friends
Jeffy you're grounded oh yeah you're
right Daddy I'm so sorry I'll take
Junior back to my room come on Junior
you're grounded Jeffy you're not
supposed to have friends in your room
all right bubble the tracker says our
ruler o is inside this house because we
got foed by this
F exactly so make sure you use your
voice Transformer that will be like the
traditional human
formula all right let's go
baby all right Junior I got him back
you're a little troublemaker Baba buoy
Baba buoy yeah he is he's going to end
up hurting someone I don't think he's
safe here on Earth we should try to find
his real family but how are we going to
do that Junior we literally found his
egg in the bushes I don't even know
where to look who D you I don't know I'm
going to go answer the door you stay
here with Baba buy all right hello hello
I am an average human male my name is
Smith and this is my average human
female wife her name is Elizabeth say
get your your say hi Elizabeth hello I
am an average human
female that's enough out of you what do
you guys want we were walking our dog a
golden retriever a golden retriever the
most common American dog he is a good
boy we think he ran away into this house
he looks like a out he looks like an
alien egg have you seen our dog no I
haven't seen a dog that looks like an
alien egg have you seen anything that
looks like an alien egg well between me
and you guys we found an alien egg
outside in the bushes and it hatched and
a little alien came out we don't know
what to do with it there Buble what I
mean wow fascinating would you mind
showing us yeah yeah I'll show you guys
come on get your F out your mouth get
your freaking F out your freaking mouth
they going to blow a cover come around
who that was that to D it was just an
average human family they want to see
the alien well don't show it to him they
might be the CIA they don't look like
the CIA they look like an average human
family the aliens in here oh wow an
alien baby that's our B honey let's grab
them we were looking to adopt and we
would love to take this alien baby in as
our own well no thanks we're trying to
find the real alien parents H they're
looking for us take my mustache
I'm the power alien take your St back
take your St back let's go back to the
ship son Baba bu we we're going to miss
you baba buoy we love you baba buoy oh
they grow up so fast they sure do junior
come on honey let's get to the show hi
there someone called the Central
Intelligence Agency I'm agent Cortez
here for some aliens no aliens here just
me and my average human family uh-huh so
what's that that that is our dog a
golden retriever what a good boy Sit Boy
I've seen this before you guys are
coming with
me I love it I love the chase help help
help what's wrong the CIA is here and
they're after us they're trying to touch
us oh the CIA come on Junior we got to
save them okay okay uh Jeffy you try to
sneak them out the back door and I'll go
distract the agent all right Junior you
guys come with me come on now where did
those dang aliens run off to I'm going
to search for them with by beer beep
beep oh they must be over
here oh [ __ ] get away from you stupid
alien there's that alien destroying
everything in the house well we don't
have to worry about the alien any longer
sir cuz this right here is my alien
exterminator as soon as I shoot it with
this kills the alien
no what what the this thing only works
on Aliens what are you some kid in a
costume or something yeah sh it's me in
a costume I know knew it I knew it was
one of your stupid friends in that alien
costume no no no it was a real alien I'm
just in a costume no you lied to me
Junior and now you're going to be
grounded cuz I'mma tell your dead Jor
dead no I don't got time for this well
at least those aliens got out all right
Junior the aliens are safe on their
spaceship that's awesome I didn't want
that CIA agent to catch them oh
absolutely and guess what they gave us
our ball back put the ball back you want
to turn off the lights and play catch in
the house F yeah let's go
he
[Music]