hey daddy Hey Jeffy No daddy I don't
want you to call me Jeffy anymore I want
you to call me Isaac Newton Why would I
call you Isaac Newton because I'm
inventing gravity and [ __ ] What goes up
must come down Dick what' you invent
danny allow me to introduce to you the
shipbag That's a bag full of bubble gum
Jeffy no Daddy this isn't the [ __ ] bag
This is just what I'm going to use to
make the [ __ ] Allow me to explain my
hypotenuse Hypotenuse yes A hypotenuse
is an idea Father you mean a hypothesis
hypothesis Hypotenuse hippo ass I don't
care I said I'm Isaac Newton not Noah
Webster Noah Webster was the guy who
invented the Webster dictionary and I
know no one gives a [ __ ] All right Jeffy
how's a bag full of bubblegum an idea
all right let me explain to you First
off I'm going to start by swallowing all
this gum Pause And once I swallow all
this gum no homo then I'm going to fart
and a big giant gumb bubble is going to
come out of my [ __ ] And then I will
start the defecation process And once I
start [ __ ] into the bubble it will
fill up I will detach the gum bubble
from my [ __ ] I will tie a knot around
it and put it in the trash can No more
toilets no water no toilet paper just
[ __ ] bag You are a [ __ ] Well this
[ __ ] bag has a pretty good idea And
while I'm at it I'm going ahead and
solving the airplane problem because I
can swallow all this gum and then a big
gumb bubble will come out of my ass and
I'll float up in the sky just like the
house from up and I'll go to Paradise
Falls or some [ __ ] All right Jeeoff
you're not going to eat all that gum
We'll see Yeah we're not going to see
[ __ ] Yeah you're right Because it's
going to be encapsulated in a big gum
bubble Can you guys calm down i'm trying
to watch my Talk to a podcast What
what's Talk to it's a podcast where they
talk about girly things Shh Howdy y'all
Welcome to the Talk to a Podcast Hey all
my hops it's time to talk to you Today
we got a special guest Old Ronald who
had a McDonald's E I E I O I'm loving it
Tell everyone Hey Ronald I heard you
like to spit on it Is that true cuz I'm
trying to find out I will warn you
though takes a lot of spit to handle
this Big Mac I mean it just depends on
how big the Big Mac is It's massive Some
women would describe it as grotesque
Takes a lot to handle this Big Mac Do
you want your own Happy Meal maybe the
the the talk to or the Hawk Oh the Hawk
to a Happy Meal That's actually a great
deal We'll earn it Turn those cameras
off Turn it off Oh my gosh Marvin She's
so inspiring She said one sentence while
she was drunk and now she's famous Wait
she's famous because she said one
sentence And people actually watch this
yes of course Marvin It's one of the
biggest podcasts out there Why does
anyone want to listen to someone talk
well to hear their opinions and their
world views It's very inspiring Jeffy
knock it off [ __ ] No [ __ ] Look Marvin
the news
[Music]
Breaking news U Joe Rogan has signed a
multi-year $250 million partnership deal
with Spotify to upload his podcasts $250
million People like podcasts Marvin But
$250 million just to speak well that's
because Joe Rogan's so famous Well I'll
talk for $250 million I'll talk for
cheaper $250,000 I'll talk for $250 You
could start a podcast Marvin And
eventually it could make money if people
found you interesting Oh everybody would
find me interesting My life's a cartoon
Every single day the crazy [ __ ] happens
People won't believe the things I think
about Oh you could always have Jeffy on
your podcast I'm not going to put Jeffy
on my podcast He never says anything
smart Daddy how do turtles bang their
show would get in your way See I'm not
putting that on the internet Marvin you
could call it two peas in a podcast or
two reasons in a tarcast We're not
calling it two reason Jeff Well that's
the only way I'm talking on it is if
it's called that Well I'll call it
Marvelous with Marvin Marvelous
Marvelous Marvin podcast Marvelous
Marvin podcast or Marv time with Marvy
That one Marv time with Marvy Okay now
that I said it I'm doing Marvelous
Marvin Okay I'm going to go start my
podcast All right Jeffy come help me set
up the cameras
Okay it looks like everything's set up
What happened to Marv time with Marvy i
like the sound of Marvelous Marvin
podcast better Huh all right I'm ready
to record Jeffy Okay All right Daddy
it's live Live yeah the podcast is live
Uh hey everyone Welcome to the Marvelous
Marvin podcast It was going to be called
Marv Time with Marvy which leads us to
the first question of the day Who the
[ __ ] ever called you Marvy no one's
ever called me Marvy I was trying to
think of a creative name Well I got a
creative name for you How about [ __ ]
time with tardy featuring the [ __ ] me
We're not calling anything with [ __ ] in
the name Jeffy Well I personally like
two re and a [ __ ] I get a dual role I
get to be one of the re and the [ __ ] And
we're going to call it what I named it
Okay Marv time with Marv [ __ ] the
Marvelous Marvin podcast And let's talk
about the real things people want to
know So today I went to go get gas And
man those gas prices are high They're
really high I I only paid five bucks I
was like I'm not filling my tank with
that much gas cuz that's expensive Yep
Sounds like you really put your foot
down on that stance Daddy Now let's
answer the questions that people really
want to know Like what would happen if
you stuck your wiener in a fire antill
no one's ever wondering that cuz no
one's going to do that I'm always
wondering that Daddy Like what would
happen if you saw a little hole in the
top of the antill and you stuck your
wiener in it huh and then all the ants
started colonizing your bladder going up
through your pee hole Oh queen ant dick
And then all the worker ants started
bringing breadcrumbs up your pee hole to
feed the queen ant Now you got a bread
factory in your dick Stock that on the
shelves and [ __ ] All right Jeffy listen
No one's ever ever ever ever in this
world stuck their way in an ant pile I'm
sure there's been plenty of people who
stuck their wiener in an antill and one
of them's on this podcast Me I did it
Now my dick looks like a red corn on the
cob Helen Keller could read an entire
story giving me a handy All right that
ends the podcast for today Thanks for
watching everybody And there's one more
thing I must say before I go Humpty
Dumpty dick All right Bye everybody Sign
off Bye Bye Bye How did the podcast go
Marvin awful Jeffy said dick 40 times No
I only said it four times I said [ __ ]
more Jeffy I'm going to go read the
comments Please don't read the comments
I don't want to read what they have to
say What's wrong Marvy oh my god Marvin
They love it What do you mean they love
it there's over 25,000 views We got
25,000 views Well I watched it 24,000
times So we got 1,000 views Oh my god
Marvin And they love Jeffy Good thing
you put him on the podcast Yeah good
thing Well I'm not going to put him on
another one I don't want to I don't want
him to say those obscene things he said
Marvin you have to put him back on They
love him I'm not going to put on Jeffy
who said he Helen Keller can give him a
handy and read a whole book What there's
someone at the door It's probably an
angry mob of tards Hello Hey there Are
you Marvin from Mod Time with Marvy
right here This is him Go ahead Say hi
Marvy Well my name's Marvin from the
Marvelous Marvin podcast Well your
ratings are through the roof We have
tons of celebrities lined up to be on
your show Wait really they love me that
much no they want to be interviewed by
Jeffy Okay well it's called the
Marvelous Marvin podcast so obviously I
still get to be on the podcast right
nope just Jeffy Yeah time with Tory
Sounds good So you down okay First of
all I'm his guardian so it would only be
responsible if I asked how much We're
going to offer you $20,000 per episode
Good guy G We'll take it We'll
definitely take it Your first interview
is with Gat Williams Who the [ __ ] that
welcome back to Two Re and [ __ ] I'm one
of the Reeds and the [ __ ] And today I
have another re with me Mr Cat Williams
Uh hello everybody I am Cat Williams I
guess I'm the other re Uh I'm here to do
this podcast Very funny comedian All
right So tell me Mr Cat Williams why is
your name Cat are you part kitty cat no
I am full human being Why would I be
part cat did your parents like Kit Kat
and they named you after Kit Kats no sir
That's a snack I'm not a snack Is cat
short for catherine no that is a girl's
name Is it short for catheter i am not a
catheter sir You do know what a catheter
is right it's a plastic tube that goes
in your wiener and helps you piss It
does help you piss I am not a catheter I
promise So then why they call you cat
because I'm I'm smooth and swift like a
cat Yeah If it was up to me I would be
named Cat in the Hat There's already a
book called that I know I wanted the
name so damn bad Well go ahead and tell
us about yourself Cat in the Hat Well
first off let me start off by telling
you did it offer me $50 million for my
[ __ ] and I said no twice Wait someone
offered you $50 million to touch your
butthole and you said no Twice what if
someone wants to touch my butthole for
$50 million they can do it Go ahead and
ask me if you can catch my butthole for
50 million Can I say yes see that's how
fast I would say it 40 million yes 30
million yes 10 million yes $400 yes Free
yes Just touch it You know can you pass
my number along to Diddy i'll go up to
the jail cell and he can ddle my ass
through the bars I'll be like the Uber
Eats of ass Uh sir you should not put a
price on your ass It's not worth it I
promise Well V was watching last night
and this girl should have sure put a
price on her ass I'm talking three
wieners in her butt How much you think
she got paid for that not $50 million
because the video quality was [ __ ] I'm
talking 420p That's how many pennies she
got paid
$4.20 Oh I don't know if I want to do
this interview anymore Well I don't want
to talk to someone who turned down $50
million and touched their butthole Well
forget you then Damn it All right Bye
All right guys We'll be back with more
[ __ ] Talk after this Mvin why aren't you
on the podcast they didn't want me They
only wanted Jeffy Well I told you they
left him Good golly Gee that Cat
Williams interview went great Here's
your $20,000 minus my $10,000 agent fee
You take a 50% agent fee yep I sure do
But that show biz for you Oh so who's
Jeffy's next interview on a podcast i've
got them all lined up and ready to go
Come on He didn't answer who What's up
guys welcome back to Fingerpainting with
Tards I'm all out of poop so let's start
talking I'm here with everyone's
favorite overweight cupcake eater
EDP445 So tell us EDP were you really
trying to eat a cupcake or were you
trying to ddle bro let me tell you
something dog Okay Do you honestly think
right and I don't even know why the
explaining myself to people but
unfortunately [ __ ] are [ __ ]
[ __ ] Whoa whoa hold on You can't be
saying that word offending my people I
invite you on two reasons in a [ __ ] and
you want to drop the R bomb like it's
nothing I'm not over here saying the
n-word I mean you want to sit here and
scream a word that's brought my people
down for days I'm going to have to ask
you to
leave Sorry about that Sorry for the
foul and offensive language We'll be
right back with more [ __ ] Talk H Oh
how'd that interview go where's the
money well the interview was cut short
If you cut off the stream you get no
green Wait cut short why'd you cut it
short Jeffy well he offended my people
Oh okay So can we get another interview
so we get some more money yep And the
next one's a big one Patrick Mahomes
Come on Jeffy Oh wow He's going to
interview Patrick Mahomes Wow Hey guys
welcome back I'm your homie Mission
Cromy and I'm here with two time Super
Bowl loser and [ __ ] Patrick Mahomes Well
actually it's three times Super Bowl
winner But you lost twice though Yeah
we'll see next to my bank account of $1
billion Hey bank account you lost two
Super Bowls Yeah but I won three But you
still lost two though Yeah Has anyone
ever told you that you sound like Kermit
the Frog
you handled that well Did you know that
your wife is racist no Well she is
because when she was asked what your
favorite food was she said fried chicken
Just like that Because you're half black
and she thinks that you like fried
chicken Okay She's a little racist I
knew that Thank you Thank you for
clarifying Also why do your teammates
keep getting arrested oh yeah Xavier
Worthy got arrested for beating his
girlfriend The charges got dropped boo
Yeah got dropped like she did when he
hit her Yeah it was pretty crazy to
watch He hit her twice Yeah twice Like
how many Super Bowls you lost cuz you
lost twice Yeah Speaking of that how'd
that make you feel well you know we all
went out there on the field and tried
our hardest But you didn't though Like
it was like an absolute [ __ ] butt
[ __ ] Like they televised rape Can Can I
say rape is bad on the podcast anybody
daddy behind the camera Can I say rape
if it's in a nonsexual way i know rape
is bad when it happens to people but in
this instance it's not It's not bad It's
almost like he wanted it cuz he kept
bending over and let all 52 members of
the other team put it right in his
pooper I think that's how many people
are on the other team 52 53 53 That's
right Yeah Um so how's that make you
feel um you know it's true Yeah All
right One more thing Your brother's gay
All right We'll be back with another
[ __ ] on [ __ ] talk
How did the Patrick Mahomes interview go
well your son said a very bad word Yeah
he does that I said rape a lot Yeah he
did So now none of the streaming
services want him on their platform and
they're suing him for $10,000 which I'll
just go ahead and take to him Wait so
his podcast career is over yep looks
like it Well then what can we do for
money well he could try starting a meme
coin Pump and dump that [ __ ] I mean
people are going to hate him for the
rest of his life but at least he'll be
rich You hear that guy a Jeffy coin
We're not doing that Coin We're not
doing that We're not scamming people
Stoper coin We're not scamming anyone
Jeffy stop it Helmet coin
[Music]