Daddy Daddy Daddy they banned the Hub in
Florida they banned The Hub yes no more
Spa
Pala hold on jeffy's talking me about
something very important what do you
mean they banned The Hub there is no
more Hub in the entire State of Florida
how could they do that Morin what our
bills are past du they're always past du
but Marvin it's January and our property
taxes are due we owe a lot and what do
you want me to do about it get a job he
said it listen there's no job that'll
pay all that money we might as well just
give up and just lay down they ban The
Hub well that's expent daddy that must
be the pizza I ordered Marvin you
ordered pizza how are you going to pay
for it you don't think I have a way to
get a pizza for free Jeffy get the
Cockroach right here Daddy so we put the
Cockroach on the pizza and we get it for
free Hello
yummy Marvin were you holding a
cockroach and saying yummy uh yeah was
that your dinner no I thought it was
pizza you thought the Cockroach was
pizza no I thought the pizza man was at
the door I was coming to get my pizza
and you were going to pay for it with a
cockroach what pizza place cockroaches
as payment no I was going to try to get
the P what are you doing here well I
came by to say happy new year happy New
Year do you have your house payment if I
don't have it are going to hit me with
that bat of course not Marvin can't a
man just carry a baseball bat for his
own protection I guess so but do you
have your house payment no oh well do
you mind holding this baseball I want
you to pitch it to me so I can hit it
you want me to pitch this baseball yeah
go ahead take it all right you got it
all right and go ow oh my God darn it I
missed strike one what okay listen I
don't have my house pay but I promise
I'll have it soon Marvin if you don't
have your house payment by tomorrow I'm
going to play whack-a-mole with your
head in this baseball bat what I'm going
to do is I'm going to get a big board
I'm going to drill holes in it and
you're going to pop your head out of
each one of those holes I'm going to
beat the [ __ ] out of you and and if you
think that you're just not going to pop
your head out of the holes I'm going to
turn my baseball bat around like this
and start stabbing at you through the
holes all right okay fine okay fine I'll
have I'll have the house payment by
tomorrow all right by tomorrow or Boop
boop boop stop booping me stop yelling
at me while I'm booping you boop see you
tomorrow Marvin oh my God how am I going
to get my house payment by tomorrow I'm
so
screwed what do you want Goodman Goodman
I told you I'll get your house payment
by tomorrow her Ela you seem to be
struggling living a life with no hope of
a future I mean I owe a lot of people
money have you ever played paper Square
game no would you like to play with me
listen I don't have time to play games I
have to have a lot of money by tomorrow
well you could make a lot of money
playing that game yeah okay fine I'll
play all right let me show you how to
play cockroach die it's already dead
okay so this is how you play Paper
Square game so you put one paper Square
on the ground and then you take this
paper square and you throw it as hard as
you can like that and you try to make
the blue square flip over for every time
you flip over the blue square I pay you
10 $110,000 10,000 but every time you
don't flip over the blue square I slap
the [ __ ] out of you so you want to play
how do I know you even have $10,000 cuz
I have $10,000 right here okay I want to
play I want to play okay yeah now for it
as hard as you can okay all I have to do
is make the blue square flip over that's
right and I get 10,000 off that's right
okay ow would you like to keep playing
of course I want to keep playing all
right all right here we
go ow still want to keep playing I want
to keep playing okay all right I got
this time [ __ ] ow still want to keep
playing yeah give it to me I'm going to
make it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
happen okay I got it this
time I did it I did it congratulations
here's your
$10,000 oh I love it so much and if you
want to play more games here's a card
just call the number on the back more
games yes oh okay I think I think the
10,000 enough but thank you so much sir
Marvin where's the pizza we don't need
pizza $10,000 [ __ ] what where did that
come from did you suck a pee PE for that
no I not suck a peee for that Marvin
wait why is your face all bruised it
must have been a big pee peee just
slapping them in the face
like oh BBC no it was not a pee there
was no peee on my face listen there was
a guy at the door he said if I played
games with him he'd give me money you
definitely suck to peee I don't suck a
peee I don't suck peee well Marvin
$10,000 will pay a little over half our
bills it won't pay all our bills no well
he did give me this card I could call to
play more games for money Danny I'm no
[ __ ] but I don't think you can call
circle square and triangle on a phone no
I I the number is on the back of the C
Jeffy well that's not even enough
numbers you're still missing two numbers
okay I'm going to call this number he
told me to call this number he gave me
the card okay the phone is running
hello who's calling um this is the guy's
house you just left you gave me your
business card you slapped me a bunch of
times would you like to participate in
the game if you would like to
participate state your name my name is
Marvin you literally just left my house
you slapped me like a lot of times I I
won $10,000 and you left I need to win
some more money so if you can bring the
cardboard squares I think I can do it
again you'll be playing other games for
money okay I mean whatever as long as I
get $10,000 every time I win I want to
do it Marvin I want to play too that way
it doubles our chances of winning money
uh my wife would also like to play oh
I'm going to play too and my son Jeffy
he's 20 years old bring them to the
front door we're here oh you're here
okay all right guys they're at the door
so it's really easy there's this
cardboard square and you have to hit
another cardboard square and flip it
over and every time you win you get
$10,000 so come on guys we can win this
okay all right guys trust me this game
is super
easy okay so last time there was an
Asian guy don't tase
Morgan can I lick
it officer guy get in here yes sir sir
there's an Asian man that's been going
around giving poor people money okay sir
that doesn't sound like a bad thing no
no no you don't understand after he
gives him money he sends them to a
private island where they play kids
games and if they win they get $400
billion wa wait so he gives the money
and he sends them to an island and they
get to play games and they get $400
billion that sounds awesome no no no if
they lose they get horribly murdered oh
okay there's the catch yeah so what he
likes to do is go up to people and make
them throw piece of cardboard and
another piece of cardboard and then he
gives them
$10,000 wait so he just gives them
$10,000 for that yep every time to do it
every single time I got to find this guy
you know to um to arrest him is this
what he looks like I don't know I've
never actually seen him this is just
what I imagine based on people's
descriptions uh okay yeah I'll be on the
lookout for this guy okay I'll find him
sir you do
that hello sir you seem to be a useless
piece of [ __ ] to Society MH would you
like to play a game for money hey hey
hey I I I don't want to interrupt but
you are the guy who pays people to throw
paper right I'm busy right now yeah yeah
I I know I know listen I just I have a
lot of bills and I would really like to
play the paper game I'm in the middle of
doing something go away well come on
look he he's homeless he's drunk he's
not even going to be good at the game
let me do it give me the money I said go
away look I will arrest him for public
intoxication if you don't let me play I
I mean I'll even go to the island I
don't care $400 billion is crazy go away
listen man I'm really
Karen what the hell happened Bo this red
Asian guy came over and tied us up yes
that means we get to play games oh I
love games listen Karen if we win we can
get $10,000 and if we're lucky we can go
to an island and win $400 billion oh wow
hello there would you like to play a
game yes it says we would love to play a
game I really want to play the cardboard
game have you ever heard of a game
called Russian ret ooh it's not one of
my favorite games isn't that the game
they play in the casinos no Karen that's
regular roulette well what's the
difference well in Russian Roulette you
die no die is what you throw during the
numbers game no Caren that's dice in
Russian Roulette you can lose your life
oh like Pac-Man no Karen not like
Pac-Man you can get shot in the [ __ ]
head let me explain the rules so there
are five Chambers and I put one buet in
one of the chambers and I give it a spin
and then I put it to my head oh [ __ ] uh
you know I think we should play a
different game you two play Rock Paper s
yeah see there you go that's more like
it all right Karen Rock Paper Scissors
Shoot paper covers rock I win and now
she has to play Russian ret but but we
were playing rock paper scissors oh that
was easy no no I I don't want to play
this anymore I I think we can stop now
right play again no I I I'm telling you
I don't want to play anymore why why
rock paper scissors sho I'm telling you
we don't you lose you didn't take your
turn no no no no no no we don't have to
okay okay okay so we're we're tied now
right so you okay um
paper covers rock again I win Bonnie you
know I always pick Rock I know oh well
you know I'm not as sad as I thought I'd
be can I go to the island now sure okay
[Music]
but wait wait a minute what what's going
on [ __ ] Mom oh hey Brookie what are you
doing here how the hell did we get here
yeah I thought I was winning some money
what happened to this wa Rose where are
you I'm over here okay good tyon where
are you I'm right over here baby okay so
where are we I think this is the island
with the $400 billion what $400 billion
Marvin what the hell happened to your
face oh I was playing some cardboard
game and I kept losing oh I got it on
the first try I didn't even get to play
he just shot my wife oh good I hated
that [ __ ] anyway hey we can finally
agree on something wait so who's that
Asian girl and there's two guards next
to her I don't know hey what's going on
what game is this you will be playing
Red Light Green Light you are allowed to
move forward when it sh shs out green
light stop when it shouts red light if
your movement is detected afterward you
will be eliminated $400 billion to play
Red Light Green Light you guys are going
down this [ __ ] is so easy oh this going
to be the easiest $400 billion I ever
made oh and I won't never have to work
for Braxton again yes wait we really get
$400 billion we win red light greenl
yeah Marvin wait a minute I've playing
these games before yeah everybody's
played these games yeah Jeffy everyone's
played red like has everyone ever played
red light green light yeah yeah see
everyone's played it so we're ready to
start green right last one there's a run
egg first one's got to eat it I need
that [ __ ] money no that's my 400 Bill
no that's my money um D do we go yes
it's green light let's
go your pants fell down oh would you
look at that weener
out oh [ __ ] they just black lives matter
of my [ __ ] did my husband just get shot
was he black back yeah yes I'm a widow
CH those two guys just got shot I know I
played this game before if you move you
die what you tell us no one wanted to
listen to what the [ __ ] I had to say
green
R you got to stop it
time oh man I can see the Finish light
right there I can almost taste the 400
billion Jeffy why did you freeze looking
back cuz I wanted to look at the dead
body like Logan Paul oh dead body dick
doesn't move and [ __ ] Jeffy stop talking
they're going to shoot you they can't
see my mouth
moving Jeffy you're going to get shot
stop
itff please Jeffy don't do this je dead
buy dig please I'm begging huh don't do
this what are you do green
bag oh my God we made it oh no Marvin
and Jeffy oh they're almost out of Time
come on Marvin you can do it
red
ride oh my God Jeffy the Finish Line's
right there green
ride I'm so glad you and Jeffy made it
oh my God me too so now I guess we all
get our 400 billion now right find out
next time on squid game 22
[Music]