hey Marvin what's wrong with you the
Super Bowl it sucks this year oh the
Chiefs are going again H big whoop of
course yeah it's lame you know it's all
Taylor Swift's fault she's dating that
Chiefs player so no girls think they can
watch football they don't understand the
rules yay
Sports baby what are you wearing a bunch
of football gear but none of those teams
are in the Super Bowl oh well is Joe
burrow playing he's so hot no but his
house got robbed uhoh did the Steelers
do it okay that's pretty good maybe
girls can watch football you don't have
any Eagles or chiefs stuff who are they
the teams that are in the Super Bowl oh
the Kentucky chiefs no no we don't want
them to win we want the Eagles to win
which is not going to happen because of
Taylor Swift the Chiefs are just going
to keep winning they're probably going
to get a three Pat and even a 10 Pete
who's Pete and why are there so many of
him okay you can't watch football I
would do anything for the Eagles to win
the Super Bowl yeah but they're not
going to I actually bet my house that
the Chiefs are going to win really yeah
I bet my house my car my kidneys
everything cuz it's going to happen I
should bet all my stuff too cuz the
Chiefs are guaranteed going to win yeah
they are you some Doritos oh yeah thanks
well I put them in the bowl yeah but the
air touched those these are fresher air
has touched those yeah but not the ones
on the bottom oh the commercial is
starting there once was a man that was
so hungry he ate out of a dumpster he
ate an old Dorito and turned into Dorito
man Dorito man Dorito man help me you
look like you need some Doritos what
flavor would you like nacho cheese or
Cool Ranch I don't need Doritos I need
you to untie me I don't do that I just
give people Doritos here's some nacho
cheese no seriously you're right there
just ontime me no can do I have Doritos
to give away stop playing around please
help me Dorito man give me all the money
or I'm killing everyone in the bank okay
please don't kill us stop right there
Dorito man don't come any closer or I'm
killing a hostage I don't care here have
some Doritos cool bch my
favorite [ __ ] did you pull a silent
alarm I'm sorry
die let me know if the paramedics need
some Doritos we'll do freeze drop the
god get on the ground I'm not going down
without a blood
bath be like Dorito man see something
say nothing eat
Doritos that commercial was good you
know don't you think it's weird that we
were talking about Doritos and we got
Doritos commercial I swear our phones
and our TVs are spying on us you know
one day I'm going to be Amish you don't
want to be full om [ __ ] you oh there
someone at the door who would be
knocking at the door during the Super
Bowl I mean pizza delivery people
probably yeah I'll go I'll go get it
hello what Tom Brady yeah let me in I
don't have much time okay come on in
guys Tom Brady was at the door Tom Brady
Tom can I please suck your forehead make
it quick oh he comes every year yeah and
I need your help again that goddamn
sucking Kermit the Frog looking [ __ ]
Patrick Mahomes is going to thre repeat
I didn't even do that well you went to
three straight Super Bowls yeah but I
lost one well you'll only have four
rings you'll still have seven people
don't care about that all people are
going to say is Patrick Mahomes repeated
Tom Brady didn't do that Tom Brady is a
bomb that's why his wife left him for a
jiu-jitsu instructor and got pregnant
that's what they're going to say well
listen everything's going to be fine and
aren't you commentating the Super Bowl
yeah that's why I got to hurry up and
get back but listen I need you to kidnap
Patrick mahom what kidnap Patrick mahom
hes yeah so he can't play in the Super
Bowl and the Chiefs lose wait so you're
saying he is the reason why they're
winning all their games no but I can't
kidnap Taylor Swift now can I wait she's
playing [ __ ] you okay how are we
supposed to kidnap Patrick Mahomes I
don't know call him up pretending to be
a referee and tell him they he owes you
a check or something okay but how do I
get his number well I don't know fake
your number I don't know I I just got to
hurry up and get back okay figure it out
okay wait is that Tom Brady a Super Bowl
commercial hey there it's me seven time
Super Bowl champion and still better
than Patrick Mahomes even if he wins
today Tom I'm Brady you know I like to
start every day with a sun kiss and then
when I get out of the shower I have
another Sun kiss and when I get done
shaving my balls I have a sun kiss as a
matter of fact after every one of my
Super Bowl wins I celebrated with
multiple Sun kisses I also really like
this soda it's called Uh sun kissed it's
orange flavored but it's still not
better than the taste of my son's kisses
so if you want to know what my son's
kisses taste like just smell my breath
because he gives me an open-mouth kiss
when I'm getting a massage cuz he wants
the Wi-Fi password because we have a
rule in my house one kiss gets you 5
minutes of Wi-Fi time so you should go
out and buy this soda son kissed now I'm
going to go kiss my
son I prefer Fanta do you want to want a
Fanta do you want to Har I found Patrick
Mahomes phone number but how' you find
it Well I got a friend that's a referee
and apparently he text him all the time
oh okay give me the number I'll call him
with the block number okay it's ringing
hello who's this uh is this Patrick
Mahomes um yeah and I'm about to playing
the Super Bowl right now so I'm kind of
busy oh well this is the head referee of
the Super Bowl tonight oh looking for
your paycheck huh yeah we really need
that paycheck all right I'll send my
guys right over oh no the commissioner
wants you to hand it to me personally to
make sure it clears can Taylor Swift do
it Taylor Swift no no Taylor Swift can't
bring it it has to be you oh what about
Travis Kelsey no no Travis got to be you
what about Andy Reid no no Andy Reid are
you sure no Andy Reed no Andy Reed okay
what about um Reed Andy no that's Andy
Reid still no it has to be you what
about my gay brother no it has to be you
Patrick Mahomes okay fine I'm on my way
over drop the Addie okay I'll send the
address okay he said he's actually
coming okay cool oh look a Super Bowl
commercial Jesus what a brutal crime
scene were there any fingerprints on the
victim no sir just gum gum yeah that's
right the killer left gum all over there
was gum in her hair gum in her mouth gum
on her clothes gum on her feet just gum
all over her body the killer gummed all
over the place my god I've never seen a
more graphic crime what was the cause of
death well she swallowed a lot of gum
sir but I did manage to get a sample and
what did it Trace back to double bubble
oh that's some pretty good gum I wish I
was the victim double bubble it's worth
dying for just don't swallow hey you
were in that commercial yeah double
bubble rented out our police station for
that one I thought it was pretty good
but how were you there and here at the
same time they they shot it like a month
ago oh there's someone at the door that
must be Patrick Mahomes okay we got to
kidnap all right can you come with me so
you can like help me kidnap him yeah
sure I'll just I'll hit him in the head
with his bottle yeah hello hey there
it's me Patrick Mahomes I got your
check you know what that smells like
smells like a three beet maybe a foure
you don't want to win fair n the Taylor
Swift fans love this I was thinking
maybe we go down by 30 points by the
third quarter and then in the fourth
quarter we come back and win they're
going to eat that [ __ ] up Marvin please
let me hit them wait a minute something
smells weird here are you guys Eagles
fans Grandma morvin help me Andy read
any re help Morin what are you doing
we're kidnapping Patrick Mahomes until
the Chiefs lose the Super Bowl hey what
are you doing with my arms tied up I
can't throw a football at my arms died
wait or maybe I can hey put a football
between my legs and see if I can throw
it shut up we're not going to release
you until after the Super Bowl's over
you really want my backup quarterback
Carson Wentz playing instead of me wait
that's a great idea Carson Wentz used to
play for the Eagles he knows all their
plays oh God damn it Marvin man a
comeback story of the century Carson
went used to be an eagle player and he's
going to beat his old team and I still
get a ring the swifties are going to
love this Marvin make him stop hey rip
up that check I'm going to pay you
double oh my God shut up we going to
beat you up got a commercial on
H is something wrong this popcorn's too
small oh well what size would you prefer
extra large oh well like got something
that's pretty large
what oh my god wow you should pull it
out well I'm not really supposed to we
could get kicked out no it's fine no
one's looking okay you say
so oh my God snuck some Pringles in oh
my God I need some yeah of course you do
they're bursting with flavor let me get
you
one [ __ ] you okay yeah I'm I'm fine I
just got my hand stuck in the camp Oh do
you need help no I'm good I don't want
to draw attention to us cuz we're going
to get kicked Pringles our can design
[ __ ] sucks okay I'm starting to freak
out a little bit oh here me help no I
got it just [ __ ] why do they [ __ ]
make the cans like this Jesus [ __ ] [ __ ]
it you're crushing the Pringles God damn
it [ __ ] you Pringle wow a weer the size
of a Pringles can that's a really big
wiener you know Andy Reid has a really
big wiener I've seen it shut up hey if
you guys don't let me go I'm going to do
my Andy Reid call to get him over here
to save me Andy Reed
call Andy Reed Andy Reed Andy Reed Andy
re Andy Andy Reed you came to save me or
let's get out of here Mr
Reed or or or or Marvin I don't even
care if we let Tom Brady down I'm just
glad he's gone yeah oh another
commercial hey everybody it's me America
sweetheart p d coming to you live and
direct for sell a for
[ __ ] yeah I know you enjoying the
Super Bowl right now but I'm about to B
my S made over this toilet ball and make
him take that take that ain't that right
yeah so bend over usually it takes a lot
of spit but uh not anymore thanks to
this Johnson and Johnson baby oil
anything is possible it makes it easier
yeah when I put a little Johnson and
Johnson on my Johnson and put it in the
hole behind his Johnson oh yeah anything
is possible ain't that right Johnson
yeah his name's Johnson by the way see
Johnson he likes it when I put this
Johnson and Johnson on his Johnson and
we saw it fight our
together so you're not putting it in my
ass oh I am I always am why is that a
question look make sure you get your
supply buy it right now wait I forgot I
bought it all already it's sold out so
the only way you can get some is if you
come to my and let me take that ass hey
hey hey you get a camera in here turn
that [ __ ] off no give me that ass give
me that ass
no stop it oh wow they still aired that
I thought we deleted the footage wait
that was filmed in the gym jail cell
yeah Diddy's a monster well guys let's
sit back and watch this rigged Super
Bowl M Andy readed Andy Reed it's stuck
in my head like a song Andy Reed Andy re
Andy re Andy re Andy re Andy re
[Music]