you know Marvin we have the house to
ourselves since jeffy's out playing Bowl
the ball with his friends you mean
bowling oh that's a clever name for It
Marvin they should call it that they do
well they will now since you said it
well Marvin you should go downstairs and
lock the front door ooh are you thinking
what I'm thinking yeah we don't want
just anybody walking in because who
knows where we'll end up okay I'll go
lock it let me just lock the door Marvin
hurry
ooh freaky time all right Jeffy I have a
115 that means you have to get a nine to
tie or 10 points to win I'm going to get
a struck oh yeah yeah you no you're
[Music]
not it's going it's
going ha Jeffy you got a seven that
means you have to get two to tie and all
of them to win well I'm going to get all
of them yeah right you can't get all
them you're going to lose no I'm not I'm
going to win yeah we'll see about that
guys right all Jeffy you got this all
you got to do is get three little pins
and you
win he didn't get a single P you suck at
bowling Jeffy you lose I don't suck at
bowling I hate losing at
bowling and I hate lock doors
more let's try that again
[Music]
that's one way again
Sean oh baby that was amazing Marvin you
didn't even make it to five Mississippi
I made a four Mississippi and that's a
new record how many Mississippi do you
need mama needs a lot of Mississippi
then you can name all 50 states and
start on countries all right baby let's
watch a movie what do you want to watch
um let's watch came in 60 seconds I mean
Gone in 60 Seconds
okay Marvin you should go unlock the
door downstairs in case Jeffy comes home
good idea baby
[Applause]
what that b b who who would do this let
is up let is up jimy Jeffy
oh pine cone dick what Acorn balls Jeffy
I'm being shared you need to listen to
me right now Old Cherry stem dick curves
to the side Jeffy listen to me did you
throw a bowling ball through the front
door no but you seem mad I am mad J
because someone threw a bowling ball
through the front door and you went
bowling with your friends I didn't go
bowling with my friends I've been here
all night I don't even like bowling
bowling's gay so you're telling me you
didn't go bowling with your friends nope
well someone threw a bowling ball
through the front door I know and I
heard it too and whoever did it they did
it twice cuz the first time the bowling
ball didn't break the glass how do you
know I don't know I heard it well Jeffy
if you're telling me the truth did you
throw a bowling ball through the front
door no I did not okay well I'm going to
call the cops and find out who did it
yeah and I think you should too because
there's a bowling ball abandon on the
loose going around throwing bowling
balls at people's front doors cuz it's
locked okay well I'm how' you know the
door was locked lucky guess all right
well I'm calling the cops if I find out
it was you you're so grounded you're
going to military school you're going to
be kicked out on the streets I'm going
to make sure you never step foot in this
house again old bowling pin dick Jeffy
stop s ow okay I'll see you then please
hurry Marvin what was all that shouting
someone threw a bowling ball through our
front door what yeah there's glass
everywhere I just called the cops and
they're on their way what who would do
that I have no idea someone who wanted
to cause our life a lot of
problems that must be the cops I'm
coming I'm coming hey you don't even
have to open the door I'm right here oh
hey what's up brother what was that I
don't know just a thing people are
saying this is serious this broken glass
all on my door yeah I was just going to
say who did you piss off the Incredible
Hulk no yeah I I Can Do Better uh who
who knocked on your front door last The
Incredible Hulk yeah it's not really
working is it okay how about this knock
knock who's there not the glass in your
front door cuz I'm the Incredible Hulk
and when I knocked it broke the glass
stop with the Incredible Hulk jokes
they're not funny yeah yeah you're right
no no that's working who did you piss
off a rock thrower you know cuz they say
don't throw rocks at glass houses in
glass glass houses who did you piss off
the rock painted green so he looks like
the Incredible Hulk take this seriously
listen a crime was committed someone
broke into my house with a bowling ball
oh okay well I guess I'll come in but um
do I open the door or just crawl in
through the hole just crawl in this is
silly see look there's a bowling ball
right here and someone threw this
through my door and look at all this
glass did they steal anything no they
just threw the bowling ball in left my
God I can only think of one man who
would leave a bowling ball as a calling
card who Bobby bowling hands Bobby
bowling hands who's that yeah let's come
upstairs and I'll tell you let's get
away from all this glass okay oh good
Marvin the cops are here what's he
saying I have a story about who I think
the per is Bobby bowling hands Bobby
bowling hands yeah sit back let me tell
you about them so you remember the story
about my Nemesis in high school Billy
bowling hands Who Lost His Hands in a
train accident replaced them with
bowling balls he was really good at
bowling I challenged him to a swimming
race he drowned you know the story well
Billy had a younger brother named Bobby
bowling hands I had a wood shop class
with him and he was so sad about his
brother Billy dying that while we were
cutting wood for a wooden race car
project he cut his hands off and
replaced them with bowling balls like
his brother ironically he wasn't as good
at bowling he wanted to avenge his
brother's death by getting payback on me
so he asked me if he could wash my car
to save up cash for his brother's
funeral so I felt bad for him and I told
him yes but washing a car with bowling
ball hands went about as well as you'd
expect he dented my car all over and
smashed the windshield I was so mad I
just knew he did it on purpose then at
prom I was with my hot date and I asked
Bobby if he would get me a glass of
punch so he tried to grab the ladle to
pour some punch into the cup but his
bowling ball hand smashed the bowl and
made the punch spill all over my date
and my rented white suit it was so
embarrassing I just know Bobby did it on
purpose so I just know that bowling ball
through your front door was because of
Bobby he's always trying to make my life
more inconvenient just because his
brother died well that would make sense
if there was a bowling ball through your
front door but the bowling ball went
through my front door has nothing to do
with you well you see Marvin that's the
genius of Bobby he's a born tactician
every move is a Pawn off the board he's
playing four-dimensional chess Marvin he
knows that I'm over here all the time
cuz he's probably been following me so
he knew that you would have me fix your
front door for $500 and of course I'm
going to do it because it's $500 I
wasn't going to ask you to fix my door I
was going to call a company well you see
Marvin that's exactly the genius of it
he knew you were going to say no and I
would want $500 so I'm going to go
downstairs and fix your front door and
you're going to give me $500 just like
Bobby wants us to do because if we go
off script he's going to come up with
something even worse this way whenever
he shows up we'll be ready for
him that ought to do it all right Marvin
the door's fixed what what is this a
fixed door no no no I didn't want wood I
wanted glass right here what so bowling
ball can come crashing through I don't
think so Marvin this is Brazilian
mahogany nothing's breaking through that
except for maybe the Incredible Hulk but
you're not going to see him or piss him
off because he's not even real and even
if he was I don't know why he would come
here he'd be at my house because I have
animal crackers I think he'd like that
well no I want a whole new door a whole
new door you know Marvin like the song
from Aladdin don't you dare close your
eyes listen listen listen I wanted a
brand new door with glass cuz how am I
going to see who's at the door if
someone comes to the door well that's
exactly the point Marvin it'll be a
surprise every time it could be a serial
killer or it could be an Amazon Prime
package you won't know till you open the
door go get me a new door okay well you
owe me $500 for this I'm not paying $500
for this crappy duct tape job okay well
give me $500 and I'll go buy bu you a
new door you promise mhm okay here's
$500 okay yeah I'll just take this and
go to the door store here I go to the
door store okay I'll be back sure I will
what' you say I said I'll be back and
then I said sure I will just reassuring
you that I will be back you better come
back I will sure I will Marvin did he
fix the front door I mean not really he
just put wood over where the glass used
to be oh no Marvin what are we going to
do what if Bobby bowling hands comes
back baby I don't think there ever was a
Bobby bowling hands I think he just won
an excuse to make $500 well what do we
do Marvin I don't know I just wish there
was a way that we could really see what
happened to our front door hey we could
always check the nest doorbell camera oh
yeah baby check the app see what the
footage says let's see oh
Marvin it was jimy it was jimy Marvin we
should have known oh give me the phone
I'm I'm going go beat some ass I'll beat
some ass tonight
Jeffy jeffy's not here at the moment
please leave a message after
the Jeffy I can't wait to see you try to
get out of this one so earlier I asked
you if you threw a voling ball through
the front door and you said no
exactly now press play on this video and
you tell me what you
[Music]
see that is not me oh that's not you no
that's my cousin first name re middle
name Tar last name did oh so that's not
you that's your cousin y Jeffy I know
that you and why did you tell it well
someone decided to lock the front door
how else was I supposed to get in ring
the doorbell too hard oh that's it I'm
beating some ass you been over some ass
be about to happen you cannot touch me
or else I will call Child Protective
Services on your ass ow ow ow help
help hey
hey stop it Jeffy that is it I am going
to go in your piggy bank and I'm going
to take all the money so I can buy a new
door you don't touch my piggy bank you
[Applause]
me don't touch it oh jeffy's got to get
it now morvin what are you doing I'm
going to break open jeffy's Piggy and
get my money back from my door morvin
don't Mommy stop him I don't know what
to do you asked for this young man and
now you're going to get it no piggy no
daddy no you you what penes
where all your money go Jeffy money
laundering
 let go him I need money for my
door
[Music]