foreign
sorry if I scared you I like to sleep
with my eyes open because if I close my
eyes I'm afraid that someone will come
in and steal all my money hi my name is
Mr Goodman and welcome to a day in the
life of me I wake up every morning at
6am not because I want to but because
the sun is beaming through that window
chives close the curtain very well sir
chives I made a stinky I'm gonna need
you to change me very well sir see I
don't get up to go to the bathroom
because that's for poor people I just
lay here and defecate in my pants that
is one poopy butthole sound well then
pressure wash my ass chives how about a
bath sounds fantastic you know how I
like it chives very well sir come with
me to the bathroom
your bath is ready sir thank you chives
every day I start my morning off in a
bath a 15 million dollars all 100
and I even take the bath with my suit on
so it saves on laundry all right so
let's wash that tush you could you keep
in charge and don't forget your snorkel
very well oh and chives can't turn on
Tom and Jerry so it's 6 a.m Tom and
Jerry isn't tall are you serious Drive
and Jerry's streaming service by now no
sir my path has been ruined go ahead and
pull the drain plug it's very well and
chives go ahead and make my breakfast
very Well's that
your breakfast is ready sir loaded
mashed potatoes in a fillet cooked
medium thank you chives
uh chives is there an issue sir where
are my peppercorns we were out of
peppercorn spanking very well sir thank
you sir every morning I start my
breakfast with a filet mignon cooked
medium and loaded mashed potatoes are
you ready for your wine sir what type of
question is that chives pour it very
well sir
thank you chives you're welcome sir hmm
uh chives is there a problem sir there
is a speck of dirt on my wine glass I
can assure you I just washed the glass
well there's dirt on it
was that
that's glasses but sir there are plenty
of clean glasses here I don't believe
you because that one had dirt on it now
go to the store and get me new wine
glasses very well sir now where is my
maid quinceanera uh Mr Goodman my name
Patricia whatever paprika I spilled my
drink and I need you to clean it up see
Mr guminaki Right on it are you wearing
underwear Nomi Circle
good this is my mate enchilada and I've
gotten her pregnant seven times because
we don't believe in Plan B only plan C
because the C stands for cash we have
the kids I claim them on my taxes and
then we ship them off to Cancun or some
[ __ ] uh Mr Goodman who are you talking
to I'm talking to the camera because I'm
making a documentary in my life now bend
over and clean up that mess I'm planning
on having an eighth child I wanted a
nice view with my meal speaking of kids
where's my son Richard richer get in
here and eat your breakfast what do you
want Dad I was playing fortnite I was
paying everyone to lose so I could win
uh filet mignon again I wanted Lobster
if you want a lobster you get your ass
out there in that water and you catch
one yourself I hate you dad I hate you
too son uh Dad I see the maids tush
why you looking you go eat somewhere
else okay Dad I'll eat in my room
grateful piece of [ __ ] so I've retained
with your new wine glasses I'm not
thirsty anymore chives I would like to
play golf fetch me my clubs
very well sir
all right sir I have your balls in your
Club chives ew there's a worm on my
putting green a worm chives I'm so sorry
so I'll remove him at once no chives I
want you to eat him unless I absolutely
positively have to sir yes chives I want
you to eat them like a bird like the
white ibris I have a painting of in my
kitchen very well sir
how's it taste chives it's chewy sir
yeah I bet now watch me get this hole in
one
[ __ ]
look you made it sir yeah thought so
you're so good at golf there are you
being a smart-ass chives no absolutely
not sir you know what Charlie
no go get it in the water no in outer
space yes in the water because that's
where it went but sir there are sharks
in the water I don't give a rats [ __ ]
you get your old geriatric wrinkly ass
in that water and you get my ball that
was my favorite ball well maybe you
shouldn't have hit it in the water
banking yes sir no you get your ass in
that water and you get my ball very well
I am cooking a golf ball now spit it in
the hole chives really well sir
hole in one now boat time but boat time
sir
chives call the police my boat has been
stolen so you sent your boat out to be
painted yesterday well then go to the
neighbor's house and tell them I want to
buy their boat but sir your boots would
be back in four hours spanking why am I
being punished sir because during my
bath this morning you didn't remind me
that I didn't have boat time today very
well sir
thank you sir now I'm gonna go sunbathe
by the pool very well sir shall I
undress you for your swim Sir
Charles what is that at the bottom of my
pool it appears to be a leaf sir
probably from the tree directly above
your pool well I want you to jump in
there and get it out but that's the Poor
Boy's job sir well now it's your job so
shall I call the poor boy then and let
him know he's fired since I'm assuming
his responsibilities no I want him to
show up and I want him to see you doing
his job that's how he'll know he's fired
very well sir that leaf has ruined my
swim time I want you to drain the pool
and clean it I'm gonna go take a drive
in my Lamborghini very well sir this is
my Lamborghini I buy a new one every
week when the odometer hits 100 miles
because then it's just too used for me
oh chives what do you need sir call up
the airport and have my private jet
ready and where are we going this time
sir I will be flying around for a few
hours so I can think are you sure you
don't want me going with you and get you
need some help sir no but what I do want
you to do is fetch me chimichanga or
whatever the hell her name is I believe
you mean Patricia the maid don't correct
me chives spanking there he goes up
sometimes you go to your room and you
stay there yes uh chives lives in a
little room under my stairs like Harry
Potter I had to put him back in this
room because he's been Snappy today Mr
Goodman why you need my help the car
already clean I don't need you to clean
the car quesadilla I need you to clean
something else oh
um
this is my private jet it's fast as [ __ ]
let me give you a tour of my jet it's
the most expensive jet in the world
all of the seats are made out of
elephant [ __ ] skin this is where
chives flies the plane his old ass
wherever I touch on the screen my
private jet will take me snacks out the
dick the bottles of water come straight
from Fiji so I'm gonna go fly around for
a few hours I'll see you guys when I get
back
[Music]
chives I'm back from my flight oh no
he's home no no
oh chives you can come out of your
closet now oh yes sir all right now
let's walk around and do a house
inspection to make sure you stayed in
your closet the whole time no we don't
have to do that oh we absolutely have to
do it come on come on
chives did you touch my pool balls no
sir you must have hit them before you
went on your private jet no I would have
remembered that when I left they were
perfectly wrapped right here no how
strange shall we move on no you binged
your old ass over this Brunswick label
very well sir
oh
oh more than one sir yes how old are you
again you old [ __ ] 67s huh 67 spankings
it is
oh you stay in your room oh yes sir
crusty oh man oh ass cheeks all right
let's check my bank account to see if
there's still four commas and they're
like there should be
ah yes one trillion dollars just like it
should be oh
has the most payment this month
ah let's pay him a visit shall we
no I'm at Marvin's house to get his
house payment he never has his house
payment come on let me show you
hello a good man what are you doing here
I came to get your house payment why is
there a camera crew here because I'm
filming a documentary about my life now
do you have your house payment or not uh
I I don't have it this month all right
well you're coming with me come on come
on all right Marvin since you didn't pay
your house payment you're gonna live
under my stairs for a few days no please
don't make me do that get in there but
no I don't it smells so bad in there
because that's Chad's little room and he
has a little pot in there that he has to
pee and poop in and then every day he's
supposed to clean it out and by the
smell of it he hasn't cleaned it out
today so get in there please don't make
me go in there get in there okay
now you sit in there and you think about
what you did chives
you cold for me sir I did chives tonight
you will have a roommate but but sadness
not enough room you won't make his life
hell like you make my life hell but I
help you sir do you chives because I
don't see a mimosa in my hand and it's
Mimosa time and you should know that
without me having to remind you
here is your mimosas uh
is the glass clean chives of course I
checked it twice dare I look go right on
chives there is a fingerprint on my
glass a fingerprint chives well I can
assure you it's not mine so I'm wearing
gloves did you did you finger [ __ ] my
mimosa chives no sir maybe it's your
fingerprint
maybe it is I'm sorry chives don't worry
about it sir
I'm tired tribes and I no longer want
this Mimosa so I want you to stick it up
your ass and come tuck me into bed stick
it where sir
up it very well sir
after a long stressful day I like to
have chives come tuck me into bed
jives come tuck me into bed very well
sir
thank you chives you're welcome sir is
there anything you need before going to
sleep maybe a bedtime story oh yes yes a
bedtime story chives and make it scary
all right so once upon a time you were
poor two scary chives show me money show
me that I have money look a hundred
dollars all good that was so scary
chives never tell me a scary story like
that ever again understood sir is there
anything else you need before bed maybe
a lady for the night oh yes Charles oh
lady friend for the night because I'm
lonely and what is the budget sir thirty
thousand dollars ah going cheap tonight
I see no chives actually this is what I
want I want you to find a girl have her
shave her head and wear a monocle like
the Monopoly guy then I want you to take
her to the hospital and have her legs
amputated because I want to know what
that's like ah sparing no expense I see
yeah uh so go go fetch well how about I
just bring you the lady from last night
Sir fine I guess that'll do I'm
hi that was fast she never left
well well she smells too nice you know
what I want you to do I want you to go
outside and run three miles but I want
you to do it Barefoot because I like the
little black asphalt feet okay
lock the door chives but but sir how are
seeking back in she won't I don't want
dirty asphalt feet all over my 100 goose
down sheets ew but you're the one that
told her to go run sir I know chives but
you know what cancel it lock the door
but I want you to cuddle come here how
about I just go get the ladies up big
spoon me little spoon you chives I want
to smell that dirty old man bald head of
yours
understood sir and that ladies and
gentlemen there's a day in the life of
me and that's just my off day and make
sure you tune in tune in for when you
see me go to work
[Music]