last time on Jeffy Ball Z Brooklyn guy
stole jeffy's wish again but his powers
were crappy will Jeffy ever get his wish
let's find out you're gonna die for
stealing my wish again tomorrow I wish
my Powers were good
all right Jeffy I'm getting really tired
of this you keep finding all the dragon
balls and every time you're about to
make your wish it gets stolen and
there's no point in any of this well you
know what that means I'm gonna have to
go out there and look for more Dragon
Balls
win this so what are we doing dude well
Joseph no call me Napa dude why do you
want to be called Napa because I like to
take naps I'm tired as hell all right
Napa I need your help getting revenge on
this guy that kind of beat me up well
wait you got your ass beat you the
prince of sans you can't be beaten well
listen he got lucky I was I was trying
to tie my shoe and then and he hit me
from behind but dude your shoe doesn't
have laces listen Nappa I just need your
help getting revenge so so when you see
him you're gonna help me beat him up
okay whatever you say princess
oh wait that fruit
well listen if I need backup you come in
and help me okay hey what's up vagina
it's Vegeta what's up fajita listen I
want my revenge
yeah that's right
oh dude you're beating his ass right I'm
the princess
oh man now you're getting your ass beat
anything oh Brad
whoa your breath stinks I know it's
powerful as hell that'll teach you to
mess with the principal sayings I know
all the things money can't buy happiness
the early bird gets the worm don't bite
your hand that feeds you oh that
was a good saying Joseph thank you dude
yeah where the sayings yeah the best of
all sins
so what do we do now Vegeta well we have
to go look for all the dragon balls so I
can wish to know all sayings if you knew
all things your vocabulary would be
impeccable I know I've Googled every
saying known to man but I know there's
some sayings I have never heard of so
that's why I need those Dragon Balls Oh
we must find them then they ganged up on
me that's not fair I'm angry
foreign
all right dude so how are we supposed to
find the dragon balls well they could be
anywhere around the world wait you said
there were seven of them that'll take
forever to find it could be one on every
continent so we better get looking now
shouldn't we hey you mess with the boo
you get the horns oh he just said a
Super Saiyan dude you have a sad one yet
now you're gonna die with my speed
oh
no
just killed Napa that's it I'm gonna
turn into
[Laughter]
what why'd you turn into a monkey
I eat those and it tastes like bananas
now I'm gonna kill you
well little monkey oh man you cut your
tail off as a trophy I'm gonna wear it
like a belt
laughs
[Music]
he got off my tail how did he beat me
that's impossible I'm the principal
sings I know all of them how did he know
something I didn't know he stole my tail
feels good being the most Superior being
in the world
ah Lord Frieza why are you disturbing my
peace monkey well you see this guy he
beat me up and he cut off my tail
poor monkey I thought you were the
prince of all Saiyans I am the principal
sayings I know all the sayings just I
forgot a few so what do you want me to
do I want to go beat that guy up because
he beat me up
okay Curious George bring him here you
want me to bring him to you what if he
beats me up again well tell him I have
all the dragon balls that'll get him to
come here good thinking Lord Frieza I'll
go get him right now I know I'm a genius
and you're a monkey I'm gonna get some
bananas hmm now where are these dragon
balls at hey Jeffy oh hey chicken fajita
what I'm wearing your tail as a belt hey
give that back no well listen uh I know
a guy who has all the dragon balls and
he wants to show them to you no way yeah
follow me all right all right Lord
Frieza this is the guy that beat me up
oh so you're the one who beat up Vegeta
yeah I beat up vagina all the time so I
heard you have all the dragon balls
I love the Dragon Balls
due to a race the first one who can find
all seven dragon balls and bring her
back here wins and I already know where
five of them are all right you're on
wait you already know where five dragon
balls are no I lied again
but he's gonna find all the dragon balls
for me and bring him back here wait wait
wait so what are you gonna do I'm gonna
sit back
why you baby
feed me so get grapes you Nimble Soul
okay
hang up two Dragon Balls hey bro don't
touch those they're mine I found them at
the bottom of the pool they're like some
kind of orange pearls or something but I
need those okay I'll tell you what if
you can beat me in a contest to see who
can hold their breath the longest
underwater you can have them okay okay
[Applause]
wait where'd he go Maddie took my pearls
hey look there's two Dragon Balls next
to that ducky Nest all right Donald Duck
don't worry I'm not gonna touch your
eggs I'm just gonna touch your balls
gotcha Donald I'm gonna kick your butt
crack
that's two more now I got four
hey Patrick I need those Jeffy you're
trying to take my marbles I'll kick you
into marbles if you don't give them to
me geez okay take them dinner don't want
you to kick me in the ball attack
lower the grapes monkey here eat the
grapes
all right I found six Dragon Balls I
just couldn't find the seventh one oh
you
you just brought me the six dragon balls
no you give me that one no you give me
all
me oh you trying to fight Lord
's messed up now as he has get him Lord
Frieza
I'm gonna teleport
where did he go
did he go I'm right here Lord Frieza not
you stupid monkey stupid monkey right
here
you don't gotta know what I'm capable of
you do not know what am I capable of
thank you
you thought you could beat the finger
you stupid monkey do you know how many
women I pleasure with his finger
yeah that's right you don't mention Lord
Frieza shut up you stupid monkey go give
me the grapes I need to replenish my
help you use the grapes
you did it now
don't you ever point that stinky finger
at me again oh no Lord Frieza
I'll be taking now no he has all the
dragon balls huh master all right Danny
I got all seven Dragon Balls for the
third time you got them all again Jeffy
so you'll actually be able to make your
wish oh boy okay we'll summon the dragon
did he just say he had all the Dragon
Balls come on Jeffy hurry up and Summit
the dragon so you can get your wish all
right hey hey wait wait wait did you say
you have the Dragon Balls again hey you
get out of here yeah get out of here you
keep stealing jeffy's wishes well I'm
not gonna steal it this time I promise
no get out no no look I already got my
Powers I don't need his wish see see see
I'm happy with them I could light a
candle with something no gleave no no
how about this how about this how about
if I put this duct tape on my mouth
right and then I can just duct tape my
mouth closed so I couldn't possibly
steal his wish see
I I guess if you keep the duct tape on
your mouth you can stay okay all right
Jeffy summon the dragon all right dragon
come dragon come let y'all make the
dragon come player oh goofy the Dragon
and I'm gonna Grant you one wish all
right Jeffy what one wish do you want
and really think hard about it hmm I
want super awesome Mega Powers oh you
did did you really think a measly
piece of duct tape was gonna stop me I
was licking the Sticky Side this whole
time but you didn't have to do that
since you ripped it off with your hand
yeah well I like the feel of it on my
tongue and I like the way it tastes
that's what I said now Grant My Wish
Dragon Boy
I feel the power this time I'm all
awful
I'm overcompensating for my tiny penis
I'm gonna go rule the world
Jimmy are you okay please wake up Jeffy
please wake up
well Lord Frieza is dead I mean good I
didn't like him anyway I hated him he
destroyed my Planet so I'm glad he's
dead what did you say monkey Lord Fraser
you're alive yeah I know how to swim now
help me out okay I need to get my
revenge
will Jeffy ever wake up will Frieza get
his revenge how tiny is Brooklyn guy's
penis find out on the next episode of
Jeffy ballsy
[Music]
thank you