hey dny can we watch a scary movie I
want to watch something so scary it'll
make me poo my under like no Jeffy we're
not going to watch a scary movie Marvin
I think you don't want to watch one cuz
you're too scared no I'm not scared I
just know jeffy's going to get scared
jeffy's not scared of anything you cried
threw up and ran away when we watched
Hotel Transylvania well it's because I
don't like vampires oh vampire dick
sucks blood and [ __ ] oo I found a movie
called terrifier It's supposed to be the
scariest movie ever I don't think we
should watch that that sounds lame
Marvin I think we should watch it no I I
just think terrifier sounds like a
stupid name I bet it's not even scary oh
you're scared I'm not scared I just
don't want to give Jeffy nightmares I'm
not scared I'm not scared either okay
fine we'll put on terrifier but I'll
turn it off if Jeffy gets too
scared uh honey the the door it it's
knocking well answer it it's probably
the pizza oh yeah the pizza Pizza we
ordered uh can you get it I'm kind of
busy I can't I'm in the bathroom well
how long is it going to be is it number
one or number two number two ew I didn't
even think girls did that can you please
answer the door and get the
pizza okay it's just so
[Music]
far W that's scary I like that
yeah I guess it is almost Halloween it
makes sense you guys would be wearing
costumes hey honey if you weren't taking
a [ __ ] you could see this delivery guy's
awesome costume I love that you even got
like pizza sauce on there that's great
anyway how much do I owe you it's a
medium pepperoni can't be more than 20
bucks right sorry if there's a smell my
wife's taking a wicked [ __ ] Duke in
there here 20 out of cover it just that
a little puff ball maybe right in your
hand there you
go wow they must pay you guys a lot huh
you you got my pizza in a garbage bag
that's kind of weird that's cool now
what is that for oh you're going to cut
my pizza for me that's awesome thank you
oh I see what's going on here you just
want my pizza for
yourself God I'm starting to think about
pizza there so much
blood oh oh my oh my god oh that's
disgusting
oh all right I'm out of the bathroom did
you get the pizza oh come on it doesn't
smell that bad
[Applause]
okay that's enough of that hey why'd you
turn that off Jeffy that movie is awful
you shouldn't be watching things like
that it's too bloody and gory and it's
going to traumatize you but I want to
watch it maybe when you're older I'm 20
but mentally say it because I'll cancel
you so hard come on baby let's go to the
room and watch something else right that
[ __ ] so guys what do you want to do
tonight I don't know dude I'm bored
Junior jeffy's in my seat move him or
I'm going home Jeffy what are you doing
well I was watching a movie but then my
[ __ ] waffles crotch sniffing [ __ ] ass
dooky diaper wearing [ __ ] parents
had I couldn't keep watching it because
it was too inappropriate wow you seem
really mad about it yeah a little bit
what was the name of the movie the movie
was called terrifier well that sounds
terrifying well not really it was just
full of blood and [ __ ] when I have blood
in my [ __ ] I get terrified but that's
probably cuz of all of my animal AP
alypse I have three ooh dude you just go
to the doctor I have they've done
biopsies I have pictures oh God you're
oversharing now hey you're the one who
was concerned and don't even get me
started on my hemorrhoids wait is that
when you have a big meat bag hanging out
of your ass meat bag no it's more like a
blood balloon but I said don't get me
started so the movie was called
terrifier yeah well we should watch it
with you that'd be so fun well I would
but I can't get past the parental
controls I don't know how to turn the TV
on well have you tried pressing the
green button that says power I have not
I would try that one champ all right
oh look Cody you fixed it
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
I think he's
gone I'm out of here already he has even
killed her yet a
no please don't kill me
please oh
God turn off Jeffy it's too bloody and
gross hey why because it's disgusting
you guys are wussies but with a pee
[ __ ] oh guys I can't handle Gore like
that I think I'm just going to go home
and take some nausea medicine I'll see
you later Junior yeah I don't feel good
after seeing that I'm going to see if
shef can give me something so stop being
sick all right Cody I gave you your
nausea medicine now I'm going to read
you a bedtime story I'm going to read
you Hop On Pop and then I'm going to hop
on your pop later oh yeah she going to
go Lola Bunny on my penis but Mom I
don't want you to read me Hop On Pop I
want you to read me Elgato and Sado now
Cody you know we don't speak that
Chinese ches you know we pass Columbia
class Mom it's Spanish well it doesn't
matter Cody you're getting hop on Papa
you're getting nothing now I got to read
this to get in the mood yeah baby that's
what I'm talking about Skip all this
[ __ ] that's not hot at all oh there
it is all tall we are all tall now me
and you aren't tall Cody but black NBA
basketball players are tall yep like
LeBron James it's true oh what a man all
small we are all small but your father's
not small mm- hung like a horse with
elephant tius it's true Cody it's
gigantic help Cody I don't know what to
do with it it's [ __ ] massive it's
like sucking on a pool noodle Ball wall
sometimes your father's balls hit the
wall not my favorite position but it's
still fun ain't it like a goddamn
Wrecking Crew Cody just a wrecking ball
just going right in there yeah you got
to have somebody patch the drywall I
think I'm ready now come on Tyrone call
your buddies I don't think you're going
to be enough of me tonight you know I
got him on speed D baby let's go all
right Cody if you need anything don't
come into the bedroom unless you want to
see your mommy getting shish kebab yeah
Cody you ever seen that movie hoes with
Shala Bo yeah your mama hoes and I'm
going to be Stanley yell nuts yeah we
got a bunch of shovel my homeboy Tyrese
he going to be zero yeah and Lorenzo
yeah that's my other homeboy he going to
be armpit cuz he kind of stink but we
know we can go judge him it's true good
night
Cody my parents are such perverts all
right Ken you can stop I don't think
it's going to happen tonight let's just
go to sleep
[Applause]
a
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what is
[Applause]
it oh Tyrone my oven's on high heat I
just need you to put your cookies in mm
no baby we got to wait for the homeboys
to get here they got cookies to put in
your oven too but you could get your
cookies started while we're waiting for
them no they going to show up and then
my cookies be done and they think my
cookies finished fast and then I'll be
bored having to watch them bake their
cookies with you oh but Tyrone my oven's
just so hot and
ready oh see there go one of my home
booys right now I told you all you got
to do is be patient baby is that Tyresa
Lorenzo I don't know but he got a silly
ass clown costume on I told you we doing
hoes not it damn you supposed to be
either zero or armpit I'm stle yell nuts
I'm the holes
mhm oh look at least he got the damn
shovel now get on over here and watch
out for them yellow Spidy lizards I bite
all right you get the head and I'mma get
that tail be
gentle oh what the hell that's not what
I meant damn not neither of us get in
the thing oh now I got to go to my side
chick house come on
oh [ __ ] peee I'm nauseous me too Junior
what's wrong with you I made a stupid
bet that the Yankees will win the World
Series but they're down three 0 oh God I
know what' you bet I bet my life what
your life yes what would you have won I
would have won a Corvette You Bet Your
Life for a Corvette yeah them things are
fast as hell you ain't seen a new ones
who' you make this bet with the stupid
clown at the bar I was down bad is that
him
that's H junior he came to
collect look Mr cloud look it's the
World Series isn't over we got one more
game just chill out you know what I'm
talking
about J
[Applause]
a what's going on junior the the the the
clown the clown from the terrifier movie
he's behind me you mean art art yeah
that's his name art like the painting
and drawing yeah I know it's [ __ ] gay
maybe it's short for Arthur I don't know
yeah I don't a there he is right there
oh [ __ ] that it's time to play whack the
a-hole what did you kill him I guess so
Junior let's go jump him to make sure
let's go jump [ __ ] I'm going to finish
you once and for all wait wait Jeffy
look this trash bag it has a bunch of
weapons in it like like a saw and a
chainsaw and a knife oh hit me ass saw
Junior oh
okay you might want to grab that real
quick I'm going to cut his head off
what oh god oh it's so gory and bloody I
got it Junior oh God you cut his head
off oh yeah onion rings there's no way
he'd ever come back nope
[Music]