what do you want - stupid mud god shut
up that's too much noise - you can just
stupid dog he's making noise you want to
go outside I can't share baby I'm
sleeping Julie you better get up get up
right now I'm tired of taking care of
your mutt
take your dog outside you do it sure
baby julia is not my dog I'm not gonna
take your dog outside for you what are
you gonna do anything on the floor you
have to clean it up look let's even take
care of you so I'm not going to take
care of you go and find a better home or
chase up their cars or something
bye toppy finally I get to go back to
sleep I hope that dog never comes back
[Music]
man
I'm finally awake Chompy Chompy
let me take you outside javi come here
boy should be be Oh
nice look good man I feel amazing
Oh Chevy be out where's choppy I don't
know your stupid dog is wait
What's Wrong Jimmy Chompy Chompy where's
this stupid mutt
Oh what's wrong Chevy but you get my
choppy oh no no he must have ran away
yeah that's it we ran away how to get
outside uh you must have opened the door
with this his hands yeah yeah yeah dog
CPB doesn't have hands well I didn't let
him out I was sleeping I was sleeping
like a baby
well I didn't even ask you if you let a
mouse you let him out you know
god I was right not you remember I
remember you waking up and you're
yelling at look I didn't wake up you're
dreaming or hallucinating or something
jr. no I didn't let him out you better
find your dog shopping where you at job
eh oh my god what did you do so big of a
plan gotta think of a plan oh look I
could just get him a little bit yeah he
didn't want to take care of that stupid
dog I can just get him a kitty cat
yeah nice lazy fat kitty cat oh okay
I'll just do that you got me a fat tubby
cat mm-hmm
that's precious wait wait wait you know
this cat yes precious she conquered
pillow force
oh well okay well look junior I got you
that cat because it's way better than a
dog all they do is sleep all day they
don't run away from you and they just
they didn't leave a poop on the floor
okay so it's way better than taking care
of Chompy well I mean I guess the cats
really cool I mean she's really fat and
she's just sleeping it looks like so I
mean thank you for the new cat chef
peepee you welcome but you better take
care of him okay okay I'll take care of
the cat how much to all my friends okay
whatever
that's so cool oh my gosh I can't
believe I have a pet cat hey precious
what told you want to play with huh you
want play with this this mouse you'll
play with this mouse hard precious
gonna play with your mouse mouse mouse
mouse nice tract house
okay you know you want to play with that
um what about this dango dango dango
go places you are playing with it yep no
you you don't want to play with it you
want take a nap
oh I know I want to take a video I want
to show all my friends I have a pet cat
chip regice I'm taking a video look
right this bug this pressure say hi to
my friends got some bars man I need to
find out a way to get in contact with
you yeah all right I just got precious
of meow Mix hopefully she'll like this
what whoo yeah hello yo yo yo what up I
don't have any money what no no look out
see wrong aka tea sizzle whichever one
you prefer what's up T says oh what's up
on that man just chillin look just let
me aside your crib oh so I can let you
know how you can make Big Bang which Oh
kitty cat okay so what's going on that
cat right there it's gonna be a
millionaire that cat yeah I saw the
video you posted online and man she got
bars but all she did was me out exactly
look we don't go and record a song real
quick and let the money come in just
watch okay if you think she can make
money precious you go to the studio okay
yeah pressures come on of course oh come
on yo yo yo yo - yo what so how'd the
song turn out man Julia that's so would
straight fire baby right precious what
weight pressure the chain yeah purse is
it straight gangster brother look I want
you to see this music video we shot okay
[Applause]
[Music]
you know it is Oh meow
makes kitty treats in their pillow fort
counting all the cat so she gotta make a
[Music]
precious oh you know oh that's my cat
yes my dog miss my word Oh
[Music]
whoa that music video was amazing
no right it is gonna sell a hundred
million copies yeah you're a superstar
yeah yeah I know she is I know she is
look I'm gonna come back in a couple of
days with the earnest it should be a
couple million a couple million yeah
we're gonna be ready because you're a
rapper Omega okay check your chain oh
that's so cool precious oh okay I won't
touch it I won't touch anymore the hip
song precious by the famous rapper
precious is the number one song all
across the world and it's making
millions of dollars what you hear that
precious number one around the world
yo yo yo Junior well what's up I saw the
way number one around the world how much
money do we make oh I don't know how to
tell you this but it's a couple mil you
good for you huh couple million Oh
precious you see all that money you made
that with your rap song and that was
just the first day sales man yo sale
whole bunch mo oh look a one-day sales a
couple million
that's awesome see you could buy a lot
of me I'll mix with this but look don't
let her get into that cat yo I don't
want precious to go down that path it's
too addictive okay I'll make sure she
doesn't buy catnip okay okay I'll be
back in a couple of days to check in on
y'all all right okay precious look at
all this money but don't buy catnip with
it okay I don't want you going down that
path and getting addicted okay okay
precious precious where are you
catch me you know you're not going to be
doing catnip but where's the rest of the
money act you spread it all on catnip
but you know not to the bike catnip yo
Junior I gotta tell you some bad news
what is it look we ain't making no more
money on that song so I hope you say
that couple million dollars we may just
read it all away oh okay
oh my god you have more money somewhere
right now is no more money look we make
it money off that song we have no more
money who's that it might be the police
look I'm out of here
No okay hide you can tip it if it's the
cops okay
Ziya hello hey there is this where the
famous rap of precious lives yeah she
lives here
yeah well we've been getting some tips
that she might be selling catnip the
catnip no no purse is way too famous to
get caught up in catnip all right well
I'm gonna come in and have a look around
what no no you're not allowed in really
you're really gonna make me go get a
warrant oh god the paperwork takes
forever just just let me in please
well since you said please I guess you
can come in yes but real quick oh no I
have to sneeze that is the weirdest
sneeze I've ever heard that is a very
incriminating sneeze well come on in and
look at everything there's nothing
illegal in here see come on look okay
see look officer nothing illegal here
wait a minute is it cat way fresh this
your diet
all right she's going to jail not even
hers oh yeah well it's sitting right in
front of her what well yeah but someone
broke in the house and threw it on her
and then ran mm-hmm yeah that's what
they all say
please don't arrest my cat just got her
look kid she chose this path itself she
didn't want to do the time she shouldn't
have done the crime she's my cute little
kitty it's you the chain that says
gangster yeah well maybe go to jail I
hope a street cred of something well I
was gonna be in jail for probably 15 to
20 years her whole life well you know
maybe if she's a good kitty she'll get
out in half that time but in the
meantime she's going to prison
all right precious duty oh you go girl
oh you gonna D can you come here come
here let's go to jail oh come on boys oh
I can't believe my cat went to jail what
am I gonna do
[Music]
okay the famous rapper precious it's
broken out of prison keep your eyes down
because she's extremely dangerous what
precious escaped what precious you came
back to me oh I love you forever we're
gonna hide you from these cops okay
[Music]