[Music]
man i hate wrapping presents hey chef
pee pee what are you doing oh oh i'm
just putting your christmas gifts under
the christmas tree all of these are my
gifts
wait i only have three gifts for
christmas that's lame i mean cena's
gonna bring you more these are just a
gift from me and your dad oh can i open
up one today please no christmas is only
a week away you can wait a week please
let me open up one today please no
junior you're gonna wait a week okay
what if i open up one while you're in
the bathroom that's why i have this wait
what it's a elf on the shelf on the
table what's the elf on a shelf on a
table he just watches and makes your
little boys like you don't open their
christmas grips before christmas what
about little girls it doesn't matter the
gender junior how many genders are there
there's only two genders actually
there's over 70 gender i don't care
about your conspiracy theories look if
this elf catches you over your christmas
gifts before christmas he's gonna kill
you kill me oh yeah i've seen it then
before yeah he killed my twin brother
you had a twin brother yeah i had a twin
brother he opened the christmas gifts
and then
yeah he got killed
so don't open your gifts
he's gonna kill me
who's that
uh hello hey junior what's up dude uh
hey guys uh what are you doing here
what's wrong junior you seem spooked
chef peepee just told me something
really scary did he tell you that in
2050 the world population will reach 10
billion people which means it won't be
enough food to feed everybody which
means it'll be a famine so everybody
will kill everybody for food don't tell
me that i'll be like 60 by then there's
no way i can fight for food oh guys what
chef pee pee told me was way scarier
than that what really yeah come inside
okay all right dude show me what's
scarier than world hunger that
what's that it looks like an elf on the
shelf it's an elf on a shelf on a table
chef pee pee says if he sees me opening
up my christmas gifts before christmas
he'll kill me well then just don't open
your gifts before christmas ha this
stupid dog he's not gonna do anything
dude he's just as useless as cody's
stupid doll he's not a dog joseph he's a
man with feelings and emotions and five
jobs but but that's just a stupid elf
toy it's not gonna do anything wait that
elf is not gonna kill me no of course
not he just said that to scare you yeah
what is this stupid elf gonna do huh huh
what you gonna do stupid okay yeah yeah
what are you gonna do stupid help you're
not gonna do anything you guys are right
i shouldn't be scared of that elf let's
open up my gifts before christmas okay
why don't you just wait a week and open
them on christmas
i didn't know your name was cody on a
shelf i didn't know you were that lame
oh everyone everyone grab a gift let's
open upstairs okay
all right guys did everyone grab a gift
yeah i got one dude this is going to be
so naughty shh i don't want chef pee pee
to hear us come on
[Music]
all right guys what do you think these
gifts are take a guess ooh let's see
oh definitely legos legos that's so cool
that they got me legos joseph what do
you think that one is hmm
[Applause]
just take a guess joseph but i don't
want to be wrong dude i'm trying to get
it right you know it's your gift just
take a random guess
you know what i don't even care what
your guess is you know what i think it's
a tennis racket well that's a dumb guess
what what do you think yours is junior
um
whatever it is i hope it's not fragile i
think it's a fortnight toy oh you better
hope in some tennis balls to go with
this tennis racket well let's just open
and see what it is okay
guys i was right it's a fortnite toy
throw throw burrito cody you told me
that was legos that was just a guess it
wasn't a fact wow dude i was so close
with my tennis rack i guess that has
nothing to do with tennis no no dude it
is sports related so i was the closest
guest no i was the closest guest i
actually guessed that mine was a
fortnight toy junior he's not from
fortnite yes he was he was in the last
season not everything is from fortnite
what do you think spider-man's from
fortnite yes and batman and rick and
morty no junior those things existed
before fortnight no fortnite made those
things hey dude can i open up your
lebron james to play with him yeah you
can open it i'll open up my uh fortnite
toy and play with it i guess he'll open
up throw throw burrito oh man this toy
is so cool
the storm's coming oh dude lebron so
stretchy
hey cody don't throw a burrito at me i'm
sorry that's the name of the game it's
what i'm supposed to do what if i threw
this fortnight toward you well that
would actually hurt
you
[Music]
let's go see what it is
guys someone knocked over my christmas
tree who would do that maybe it was the
wind but we're inside air conditioners
make wind cody i wouldn't exactly call
it wind what would you call it then oh
so all the wind outside comes from an
air conditioner duh that's why it gets
cold in the winter so there's just a big
air conditioner in the sky yeah that's
why they call them airplanes what are
you talking about they make the cold air
duh it's really looking like you want to
kiss me right now joseph just made up
and do it i might just do it
what if it was the elf it's a stupid elf
it can't do that it's not real it can't
push over a tree dude yeah junior
joseph's right it's just a toy it
probably just fell over on its own you
know if a christmas tree falls in the
living room and no one's around to hear
it does it still make a sound yes that's
why we came in here to check out what
the sound was duh idiot but but we were
around to hear it so if we weren't
around to hear it would it have still
made a sound
you're right guys so that elf didn't do
that maybe it did just fall over because
of the wind yeah let's go upstairs and
play with my toys
so cody how do you play this burrito
game i think you just throw burritos at
people there has to be more to it i'm
gonna read the rules
guys the elf
what i know what you did he spelled no
wrong wait no that's how you spell no no
it's supposed to be spelled k-n-o-w that
would be cano now junior when you're
saying you know something it starts with
a k this elf is illiterate stop making
fun of his height dude what do you mean
you know what we did we didn't knock
over that christmas tree
not that
what what is that
you opened your gifts before christmas
see except that he is right he's gonna
try to kill us dude that elf isn't real
i'm gonna show you he's not real
what are you gonna do with him joseph oh
i'll show you what i'm gonna do with him
follow me dude
there dude you don't have to worry about
him ever again but isn't he alive he's a
doll dude yeah he's just a toy well then
how do those papers move the wind i told
you that well then who wrote on those
papers the wind how many times have i
got to say it okay i guess let's go play
with those toys all right dude you won't
have to worry about that elf ever
yeah i again understand it how is this
even possible how could he possibly have
gotten out of the trash can
snap out of it cody thanks junior but
how is this even possible he was in the
trash can once you throw something in a
trash can you can never get it back
that's gross hand me that stupid elf i
gotta go to extreme measures hand them
to me oh i'm getting real tired of you
dude joseph what are you gonna do i'm
gonna cut him into pieces apparently he
can walk but he won't be walking after
this good thinking joseph i don't want
to watch oh i do i like seeing stuff
like this missing limbs cut him joseph
okay dude
there cut him into six pieces he's not
coming back after that that was gnarly
thanks for doing that joseph yeah dude
now let's go play with your toys okay
well dude at least you won't have to
worry about that elf ever again
yeah how is this even possible dude that
elf is alive he's real he's going to
kill us we shouldn't open up your gifts
oh god hey guys my christmas gifts can
help us kill that stupid elf shoot him
fortnite guy
jesus christ he's bulletproof uh lebron
james shameless
okay okay there's only one thing that
can save us now throw throw burrito
man i suck at this
well i pissed my pants because of how
scared i am i'm gonna go home and change
shorts but joseph what do we do oh we
gotta call the police dude let's call
the cops of that stupid elf hey there
somebody call the cops yes officer that
elf is trying to kill us what that elf
that's just an elf on the shelf it's a
little toy that parents pretend is alive
to scare their kids or something wait so
he's not alive oh no he's just a
harmless little toy unless you open your
christmas presents early then he'll kill
you kill us can you protect us well why
would i need to protect you it's not
like you guys would open your christmas
presents early wait what's all this
wrapping paper about we opened up
christmas presents early what are you
 crazy this thing's gonna
murder you it is oh yeah of course i get
911 calls all the time oh my son opened
his christmas presents early and our elf
on the shelf murdered him oh god there
has to be something you can do you have
to protect us you're the cops oh i don't
know kid this thing won't stop until
you're dead uh i guess i could try
arresting him yeah i'll arrest him put
in the election chair do whatever you
have to do all right but i can't
guarantee that'll protect you all right
mr elf on the shelf or should i say mr
elf in the jail cell
all right come on
oh thank god that cop arrested him yeah
dude i think we were safe
what's that let's go see what it is
happened he was too fast he stabbed me
in the armpit i think it went in my
heart through my armpit what do we do
there's nothing you can do you better
watch out you better not cry you better
not pout i'm telling you why that elf is
batshit crazy
why did you have to open your christmas
presents early
why
oh no
dude we have to tell chef
no no no didn't chef people know i
opened my christmas gifts early how many
more lives do we have to lose you're
right let's go touch it baby
baby
he's gonna kill by the owl
that'll show that stupid brat for
opening his christmas gifts early hey do
you have that 20 bucks you were gonna
give me for helping you fake this after
we're finished come on i'm not done yet
i want to scare him a little more he
seems pretty scared to me no i'm not
done i got some more ideas you know i
could be out saving lives right now come
on giving a speedy ticket it's not
saving lives yeah you're right all right
what do you want to do next
ah joseph what does that mean chef
peepee just got killed by the elf no not
yet
what do we do there's nothing else we
can do junior we cut them into pieces we
threw them in the trash can we called
the cops
we have to tell santa tell santa yeah
the elf works for santa so maybe santa
can discipline him you're right that's
what insane is elves so it's santa's
responsibility to take care of his rogue
elves so how do we call santa
you can't call santa stupid he he
doesn't have a phone he's like the plug
you have to write him a letter oh you're
right let's write santa a letter oh
where do we write the letter to uh we
have to send it to china yeah yeah cause
the north pole is in china all the toys
come vagina that's right that's why all
the toys say made in china yeah okay
let's write saying that letter all right
dude i wrote the letter dear santa one
of your elves gone crazy please help
also two years ago you gave me coal why
did you do that not cool bro next time
you do that we fighting on god how's
that that's perfect joseph thanks bro i
really got the message across yeah i
think you did too i'm gonna put this in
the mailbox okay dude
okay i hope it gets to santa quick all
right joseph i put the letter in the
middle
ah how'd you get inside the mailbox
joseph joseph are you okay no dude i'm
dead no
what can i do what can i do to stop this
i'm sorry
[Music]
you finally asked the magical question
what magical question what can you do to
fix this yes yes what can i do to fix
this oh i could bring all your friends
back to life but all you have to do is
be a good boy until christmas
okay okay i can be a good boy
all you have to do is clean up yeah
clean up the entire kitchen no the
entire house and and make sure that you
give chef pee pee back rubs don't be a
bad little boy don't be a total brat
okay i i won't be a brat i'll do
whatever chef baby says yeah now go in
your room and count to 30 and when you
get done counting uh go to the kitchen
and start cleaning okay everything will
be back to normal okay we all go to my
room and count to 30.
i totally got him oh chef pee pee you
really gonna give me twenty dollars for
faking this yes joseph yes i'll give you
twenty dollars
thanks so much for cleaning the kitchen
and being a good boy junior yeah you
know i'm just being nice and cleaning on
my own i know i know but remember the
elf is watching you so keep cleaning or
he'll kill you well i know i know
hey junior i changed my shorts what'd i
miss oh i made a deal with the elf that
he won't kill me because he killed
joseph and he killed a cop so i have to
keep cleaning or he'll kill me what
[Music]