woo Jeffy has chips I want some Jeffy do
not eat chips on this couch why you
don't like Mexicans what you said don't
eat them goddamn Mexican chips on my
couch I didn't say that I said don't eat
the chips on the
couch you're getting crumbs Jeffy clean
up these crumbs clean up the crumbs
Jeffy all right
daddy don't don't sweep them on me stop
it stop s my me there's someone at the
door baby help him hello hey there what
the carop what are you doing here are
you the owner of this house yes no
you're not okay fine I pay a mortgage to
the bank so the bank owns it nope they
don't own it either well then who owns
it I actually came here to tell you that
well if you knew I wasn't the owner why
would you ask me if I was the owner I
like knowing things you don't well then
tell me who owns it this is more of a
sit down inside kind of conversation so
can I come in well you could just tell
me right now look there's bugs out here
and I don't like bugs especially the
flying ones EK I saw one okay come
inside but I have to call Goodman he's
the guy who owns the bank and I have to
tell him whatever you're going to tell
him okay as long as I can get away from
the these bugs Marvin what the hell am I
doing at your house and why are the cops
here well the cops are saying that your
bank doesn't own this house like [ __ ] it
doesn't we're the lean holder for your
property well sir I regret to inform you
that nuh-uh what yeah nuh-uh your bank
doesn't actually own this place you see
this house was originally purchased by
Lee Harvey Oswald the man who
assassinated John F Kennedy what well
you see back in the 60s Lee Harvey
Oswald actually bought this house and he
registered it under a business called
I'm going to shoot the president
Incorporated but then after he died
nobody realized he owned this house so
for years the house just sat here with
nobody living in it until eventually
your bank bought it but you see the
problem is they didn't have the right to
do that because he didn't say yes I
don't believe this that could easily be
photoshopped oh no no no there's no way
this is photoshopped this photo was
taken by the realtor you know I actually
heard that he practiced shooting out of
this very window well there's no way
this is real you're making this up H
well can I see your bookshelf what yeah
I can prove this if I can see a
bookshelf okay yeah it's over here is
did the bookshelf sorry something in my
throat is this your bookshelf yeah here
it is but why do you need the bookshelf
well according to Lee Harvey oswalt's
diary he liked to keep his crayon
drawings on the top shelf of his
bookcase so I'm just going to check over
here and see if there's anything
suspicious H hello what's
this killing presidents for dummies oh
that's got to be his oh let's just take
a look what is this what Yep this is got
to be his drawing look there he is
shooting JFK too bad we didn't find this
back in the 60s we could have stopped
him oh look and there's the guy in the
grassy null some guy named Kyle that's
interesting okay fine I believe you this
house belong to Lee Harvey alls World
yep told you read it and we what the
hell is that this is Lee Harvey Oswald's
own crayon drawing this was his plan it
proves that Lee Harvey Oswald owned this
house look I don't give a [ __ ] just tell
me how much I have to pay so I can buy
the house oh well that's not really up
to me that's up to the mayor well then
get the mayor down here I want to buy
the house so I can keep making Marvin's
life a living hell okay I'll get the
mayor okay here's the mayor tuna fish
Terry yeah yeah yeah thank yeah so
listen mayor this very wealthy gentleman
wants to buy this house but he wants to
know how much the state wants for it no
you tell me
okay if you can tell me what the hell he
just said I'll let you have the house
dance to drop oh okay I think I just
heard him say dance till you drop so I
think what he means by that is that he
wants you guys to have a dance marathon
and whoever can dance the longest
without stopping can keep the house
listen I don't want to do no dancing I
just want to pay money for the damn
house well it's not my fault sir it's up
to the mayor so we're going to need an
officiator I'm going to go get one look
Marvin Jeffy cleaned up the mess all by
himself come on go boy you really clean
this up all by yourself yeah well he
helped he watched I saw the whole thing
mommy did a great job Jeffy you were
supposed to clean up you're the one that
made the mess she's a woman who's at the
door Marvin it was the police the cops
what's wrong Jeffy
stop room room go to room listen to me
when I talk look the cops were at the
door and so they said that no one owns
this house so they're going to have a
dance competition and whoever wins the
dance competition byy being the last
person to dance wins what Marvin we have
to win that competition we can't lose
this house I know if we win the
competition then that means we don't owe
Goodman any house payments hold on Danny
I can dance I'll throw down on them
hoes Jeffy save your energy look there's
three of us and we're only going I don't
know who we're going up against there
can't be anyone else that knows about
this so look one of us needs to win so
we own this house and we don't owe any
house payments come on okay hello and
welcome to the dance till you drop dance
Marathon the last person dancing wins
this house we will start shortly what
are you doing here oh hey Marvin I told
my wife about the dance Marathon she
wants your house I love how big it is
that's the first time I've heard her say
that well don't try to win my house I'm
sorry Marvin it's a nice house I think I
want it too I'm going to dance my ass
off I don't like this wall I can't see
the kitchen well we can tear it down and
put a strip of pole for your nasty ass
and you can get naked while you making
me waffles oh Tyrone you and your
fantasies no one's going to be tearing
down any walls in my house yes we will
when we win this house we will I'm a
very good dancer I know the chaa slide
yeah my baby can dance slide to the left
take it back now y'all hey one hot this
time chaa real smooth oh yeah my baby
got rhythm white girl Rhythm that means
she doesn't have none at
all hey hey get out of my house be here
well no you can't be here leave I'm part
of the competition what it's electric
boogy Wy Wy God damn it those the
telescope come with the house if we win
I think I see Mars all I see is red
that's my face Craig screw ball why are
you trying to win my house Hell is Hot
this place has AC yeah and I'm tired of
sleeping in my van oh my God okay guys
it looks like we have some competition
but all we have to do is dance right yes
but it's the last person left Dancing so
we have to make sure that none of us get
tired to give up because it's Jeffy put
that back I'm holding it okay look just
make sure that none of us give up okay
cuz other people are going to get tired
so as long as one of us is still dancing
we'll win the house okay
ow just damaged the Wall come on guys
just keep your head in the game okay I
have the official boom box so let's get
started before we start I want to go
over the rules one more time this is a
dance Marathon so if you stop dancing
you are immediately disqualified you
must be dancing at all times the last
person dancing wins this house and
everything in it now if everyone's ready
go okay guys
dance Marvin what are you doing this is
called dancing I got the moves you're
going to hurt yourself no I'm not Marvin
I'm getting tired it just started you
better keep dancing all right I'm going
to go scope out the competition keep
dancing what Goodman you're trying to
win the house of course I am Marvin I
don't want you to be happy I'm going to
take your house you know what this dance
is called it's called to give me your
house payment see I'm taking it I'm
taking it I'm taking it but you don't
have it so spanking Time come on try
spanking
dance wait wait why is chives here well
in case I get tired he can dance for me
not to complain Z but I am 73 and I've
had a hip replacement well you're about
to have a double hip replacement you
keep dancing those old tits very well
sir well I'm not going to let you win
honey I don't know what to do I thought
they were going to play a song with
instructions I only know how to do the
chaa slide the Cupid Shuffle the Hokey
pokei and Head Shoulders Knees and Toes
I know baby they tricked us look we
going to have to improvise do what we do
in the bedroom but I got to get on my
knees for that and that only involves my
mouth so guys you want to give up I
heard this house has termites we ain't
scared of no termit loser well well I
also heard there's racist neighbors
racist neighbors I don't care about that
it ain't the first time I heard the N
word okay well just see what you thought
about that ooh pointy I think it's
gotten bigger that's my gun are you sure
are you sure you it has not gotten
bigger I'm in my 40s it's all downhill
from here so you guys really want this
house huh we're dancing aren't we oh
well I heard when it rains the roof
leaks then why are you dancing I like
leaky roofs B do you want to dance to
our wedding song oh yeah yeah Bo what
are you doing I'm dancing Bo what was
our song at our wedding well it was tub
thumping by chumba WBA obviously buddy I
can't believe you forgot our wedding
song no I didn't forget as long as it
was tub thumping by chumbo
WBA is that a no on chumbo WBA all right
we're out I may get knocked down but I
get up again I just eliminated two
people oh yeah all right how you guys
doing Marvin I got tired I'm sorry what
you gave up you [ __ ] what I'm holding
down the fort Daddy good job Jeffy I
eliminated two people so I'm going to
try to find a way to eliminate the rest
of the competition you do that I'm doing
the hop hop okay I'm going put this
Kool-Aid label on this ball of n wheel
so that people can drink it and fall
asleep I'm sorry honey I really thought
our song was tug thumping by chumba WBA
no no no wa what are you still doing
here my wife says I can't come home what
are you doing I'm about to put this
Kool-Aid label on this ball of Nyquil so
people drink it and fall asleep that
sounds illegal well I'm not going to do
what Bill Cosby did well as long as
you're not doing that I guess it's fine
oh I'm getting tired I wish I had an
energy drink to drink oh boy do I have
good news for you I was just about to
drink some titty milk titty milk yeah
it's one of the flavors from gamer Subs
is it good is it good we're partnering
with them of course they're good this
video is actually sponsored by them it
is yeah it sure is well how do I get
some if I wanted some well see the way
it works is samples are always free on
the website but customers usually have
to pay shipping and handling but with
our code it's completely free for the
first 48 hours so people anywhere in the
world can try this product absolutely
free with no credit card required all
they have to have is an email address
and a physical shipping address oh oh
yeah and there's all a limit of one per
customer cuz if they try to abuse it in
order 100 they're not getting any okay
that sounds awesome I want some titty
milk hey dang I had titty milk and it's
delicious well you love the titty milk
oh I love it so much what other flavors
are there oh there's also guacamole
gamer fart 9000 okay pour some of that
for me okay sure I'm going to take this
and try to get people to go to
sleep open the door to the gas station
baby and I put a gun on on the cash here
baby give us the money [ __ ] give us the
money [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] give us the money
o the cop's coming baby o yeah yeah we
got to keep running baby does anybody
want any purple Kool-Aid hell yeah homie
pass that [ __ ] yeah you know that
Kool-Aid my weakness yeah you better
drink
it okay soon those two should be
sleeping on the floor oh he's already
knocked out too we got another one oh
wow you guys just keep dancing huh yeah
I can do this literally forever I'm not
human oh well well you want to play a
game as Simon Says sure Simon Says quit
Dancing okay oh [ __ ] you got me how evil
I'm not stupid enough to fall for that
hey don't you have a warrant out for
your arrest for trying to kidnap people
oh rats come on oh my God that's two
more people eliminated please I don't
know how much longer I can oh my shes no
having a heart attack spanking please
sir call an ambulance I'm dying looks
like your butler got eliminated Marvin
if you think I'm giving this house up
you're crazy oh well I just had some
gamer sub energy drink so I can do this
all night well I don't even need sleep I
can do this all
week okay Jeffy good news there's four
more people eliminated but Marvin
there's two people asleep over
there Jeffy that means it's just me you
and Goodman left okay so I can stop no
you can't [ __ ] stop why would you
stop Jeffy you told me that it was just
me you and Goodman left well that means
I have to keep dancing well you're the
one who wants the house oh my God it was
two versus one is better than one V one
God damn it I'm going to win this well
Goodman it looks like it's just me and
you left so how about we make a deal
okay I win looks like we have a winner
folks Goodman wins the
house hey he cheated he hit me in the
face with a baseball bat there were no
rules other than just don't stop dancing
you literally could have killed someone
and you wouldn't have been disqualified
congratulations you get the house thank
you Marvin I'll see you next month for
your house payment oh this whole thing
was pointless
[Music]
St