hey daddy what color play-doh tastes the
best you're not supposed to eat it jeffy
but it smells so good hear ye hear ye
aren't that ready for our date tonight
hear me hear me watch me smack my pee
pee
baby why are you dressed like that
because we have a date tonight marvin we
do yes marvin a week ago you said we
could go to the medieval times where we
can eat turkey legs and mashed potatoes
with our bare hands and watch people
battle to the death i don't remember
making those plans but you did marvin
well baby we don't have a babysitter for
jeffy we can't go you said you already
got jeffy a babysitter i did yes i don't
i don't remember saying this one hold on
this slinky's about to go down the
stairs hey marvin what do you want baby
i'm doing something can we go on a date
soon yeah sure can we go like next
weekend whatever you want can we go to
medieval times yeah sure will you make
sure that jeffy has a babysitter he
already has one what really yeah just
leave me alone please okay thanks marvin
oh i just want to do my slinky
oh now i remember so are we going well
baby see here's the thing i i just hey
dad use this wait what's that it's a
book of excuses i use it all the time
good thinking jeffy well baby i'd love
to go but um my uh my cat dog gerbil
hamster is sick marvin are you just
reading a book of excuses no baby can we
just go another night i can't believe
you forgot i didn't forget i didn't
forget about so don't cry okay
we're going we're going we're going
we're going we are yeah i was just
joking i didn't forget i remembered
everything i even got jeffy a babysitter
already you did oh my gosh marvin let's
go i'm so excited yeah let's go but hold
on hold on before we go um i have to go
use the bathroom so just wait right here
while i use the bathroom then we're
gonna go okay okay hurry i can't believe
i forgot my date night tonight where am
i supposed to find a babysitter at the
last second
oh man these cookies are hot this oven
is hot it's hot as hell oh chef pee pee
uh hey chef pee pee oh hey marvin you
want a hot ass cookie from this hot ass
oven cause mad it's hot oh no i actually
need a favor from you i was wondering
could you possibly babysit jeffy tonight
no i can't babysit jeffy jeffy's the
worst kid ever i would rather die well
no i i just don't have any other options
so can you please maybe say jeffy please
you know what marvin i would love to but
uh unfortunately
i'm gonna be in the hospital with third
degree burns wait what
okay i don't have any other options i'm
calling the only person that can help me
hello hey i really need your help
no man come on you're always calling me
to be a cop or a doctor or a plumber you
never just call to hang out i feel like
you're using me i'm not using you i just
really need your help no you know what
man it's my day off and i'm just not in
the mood but but buddy i want to hang
out
buddy
hey hang out yeah yeah i want to hang
out you really want to hang out with me
yeah you're my best friend
best friend really you mean it yeah
oh okay yeah i want to hang out like
like we could slam back a few brewskis
and we could stay up all night and tell
scary stories yeah yeah just come over
okay can i spend the night spend the
night yeah like i could bring my pillow
and we could make a pillow for it be so
cool yeah yeah whatever gets you over
here faster just get over here oh i'm so
excited i'm gonna sneak out so my wife
doesn't sleep so
okay i'll see you in a minute buddy
he's here already
hello
what
hey buddy i drink three energy drinks in
the car on the way here cause i wanna
make sure i have enough energy to stay
up all night long i even brought my
lucky pillow i've had it since i was
five years old i chew it whenever i get
nervous
i'm nervous all the kids in high school
used to make fun of me because i would
bring it to school and chew it in class
but you're not gonna do that right
because we're best friends that's what
best friends are for go on chew it i'm
not chewing that no it's okay if our
slobbers touch because we're slobber
pals i'm good okay so i was thinking
first we would get manicures and then we
would tell scary stories and then have a
pillow fight and then braid our hair or
we could braid our hair and then have a
pillow fight and then get manicures and
then tell scary stories it doesn't
really matter which order we do it in as
long as we do it all but we'll have
plenty of time to do it all because
we're going to stay up all night long
right yeah we're going to stay up all
night long so um so so actually there
was something i need you to do
did you just ask me over here and do
something for you uh uh
yeah the the thing i need you to do is
is to not go easy on me on the pillow
fight okay buddy
how was that oh that that was really
good yes come inside so we can have our
our sleepover okay all right i'm back
marvin where have you been you took
forever we need to go now i had to wait
for the babysitter well where is he hey
everybody i'm here is this the
babysitter babysitter what the hell are
you talking about no i'm marvin's best
friend i'm here for the sleepover
sleepover oh yeah yeah baby the
sleepover so so this is the babysitter
and i told him he has to watch jeffy all
night because i want to go to the beach
and watch the sun rise with you oh
really yeah so go wait in the car okay
all right so what do you want to do
first i think we should watch a scary
movie a scary movie yeah is it okay if
whenever i get scared i hide behind you
and do this hold me hey danny can i pick
your movie what the your son is here i
thought this was just gonna be a
sleepover with two best friends just you
and me it is it is so so obviously i'm a
dad so i have to wait for my son to go
to sleep so i was thinking we could put
on a movie and then when he falls asleep
we do all our fun sleepover stuff oh
okay yeah that makes sense yes so what
movie should we put on to help him go to
sleep um oh we should put on the most
boring movie ever how about the good
dinosaur that movie sucks yeah so so put
that on and watch it with them and i'm
gonna use the bathroom oh oh if you're
constipated you can chew on my pillow
that's what i do when i'm constipated ew
no all right let's find a good dinosaur
ah where's disney plus oh oh can we
watch mickey mouse's comb house no we
cannot watch mickey mouse's clubhouse do
i look like a little kid to you
will you give me the remote
you need to remember
me you give me your remote you got me
all right all right fine we can watch
mickey mouse's dumb house
all right baby are you ready yes marvin
i'm so excited let's go let's go let's
go all right let's go oh wait a minute
darn it i forgot my wallet inside that's
okay marvin i have money no baby i'm not
gonna let you pay for our date night
it'll just take me a few seconds come on
hold on oh hurry it's the mickey mouse
trap house come inside there's crime
inside troubles i love you mickey mouse
he can't hear you all right mouseketeers
today we're gonna find out what happens
when you snitch you get stitches oh
toodles ugh i hate toodles he's dumb all
right musketeers so the first thing
you're gonna do is you're gonna look at
your snitch you grab your gut and you go
splat splat splat
let's try it out no mickey i promise i'm
not lying but tell me your crap
no mickey put the gun down
oh no they shot goofy
i didn't realize we were watching an
extremely goofy homicide all right i'm
back good cause your son's trying to
ruin the sleepover what's he doing he's
watching mickey mouse's trap house jeffy
i told you not to watch that anymore go
to bed don't you have a date to go on
with your wife no he has a sleepover to
do with me no here's your date to go on
wait is this a date because i thought it
was a sleepover no it's not a date like
jeffy go take a bath who me i'll take a
bath i won't tell i wouldn't take it
back no no i know he told me to take a
bath first well no i gotta take a bath
no you're gonna use all the hot water
hey do you have bubbles touch my bubbles
and you die all this flip a quarter and
then whoever gets head takes a bath
first
i gotta use the bathroom again so go
figure that out okay fine i'll get a
core all right i got a quarter if it's
heads that means i get to take a bath
first and if it's tails then you get to
take a bath first
it's heads i get to take a bath first
haha oh man i wanted to take a bath
first yeah you sit here and enjoy your
stupid little show i'm gonna go make
santa claus beards with the bubbles oh
man i wanted to do that and guess what
i'm gonna use all the hot water oh man
yeah my bath is ready oh let's get in
oh yeah that's what daddy likes
oh oh look at this rubber duckies
[Music]
it's so fun oh no what if there's sharks
in the water protect me duckies
he killed all the sharks good duckies
all right you like your hot bath or try
some nava
what what the hell are you doing that's
lava no no let's get out of here duckies
marvin i'm so excited well we're on our
way
hold on my phone's ringing marvin not
while you're driving okay i'll stop the
car well hello hey man what the heck
what's wrong your son just ruined my
bath where are you i'm i'm still in the
bathroom mervin who's on the phone oh
you get girls with you in the bathroom
man you're a player what do you want i
want you to come back here and tell your
son to knock it off give me give me just
give me a few minutes i'll be right
there
uh baby we have to turn around why
because i want to wear a costume like
that marvin we don't have time for this
i'm too underdressed i i want to dress
like that i don't look like a barbarian
we'll turn around it'll be a few minutes
all right i'm back what's going on your
son ruined my bubble bath by pouring hot
lava in the bathtub hot lava where'd you
get hot lava from from my lava lamp you
know that's not real lava right oh yeah
it is why else would it be called the
lava lamp dummy god you're so dumb i
mean you're my best friend but you're
dumb all right let's knock it off how
about we all just go to sleep well i
can't go to sleep i already had three
energy drinks and besides we're supposed
to stay up all night long okay how about
this how about we pretend to go to sleep
because if jeffy sees us sleeping then
he'll go to sleep and then we can stay
up all night oh yeah that's a good idea
you know you're really smart i i take
back the time i said you were dumb a
minute ago oh okay how about this let's
all go to bed hey jeffy let's go to bed
we're all going to cuddle all right
i'm all nice and cozy wait are you naked
yeah i sleep naked don't you no i wear
my clothes you sleep in the clothes that
you wore all day that get all stinky and
sweaty your bed must be gross well let's
just focus on going to bed well i'm
gonna cuddle you because you're my best
friend wait no i'm gonna call him
because he's my daddy not if i cuddle
him first no no i'm gonna go no i'm
gonna cuddle him i'm dying he's my guy
no more pillow fights but let's just
tell scary stories oh scary stories hold
on i gotta get paul paul yeah paul the
pillow he's my pillow i'm ready oh jeffy
tell a scary story okay one time i
wanted pizza for dinner oh pizza's good
my daddy no why would he do that i
don't know
and then instead of pizza he gave me
green beans oh no not green beans no
don't tell me anymore i don't want to
hear
to get out of this oh guys i got an idea
why don't we play hide and seek oh
that'd be fun yeah i'm gonna play hide
and seek okay okay so you guys hide and
i'll be the seeker so i'll count to 300
and do not for any reason come out until
i find you okay wait you're gonna count
to 300. i'm a fast counter i want to
give you time to find the best hiding
spot so remember do not come out until i
find you if you come out before i find
you you lose and you're a loser oh okay
all right all right uh one two
three
four five six okay i'm gonna go on my
date
all right i'm ready
marvin where's your costume that we had
to turn around for oh yeah oh get my
costume oh uh darn it i i outgrew it
it's too small there's rips in it i
don't i don't have one
can we just go now i'm starving okay i
promise maybe no more distractions we're
going marvin that dinner was amazing we
ate mashed potatoes with our fingers i
know we ate like barbarians well i'm
glad you had a good time i did but
marvin you've been really weird tonight
what's wrong well i had to run back and
forth and i was really stressed out and
i haven't been honest with you baby so i
i did forget about our date and i didn't
get a babysitter and so i called
breaking night the last second and he
wanted to hang out and i lied to him and
said i'd hang out with him and i tricked
him into babysitting jeffy marvin that's
so mean yeah that is me
i was hiding under the couch cushion why
because we were playing hide and seek
remember and i was down there for a long
time but i just thought maybe he's just
bad at hide and seek but then after a
few hours i realized you weren't coming
marvin why is the babysitter naked yeah
why is the babysitter naked maybe it's
because he didn't know he was a
babysitter i don't want to be i don't
want my face down there look look broken
guy i'm sorry i did want to hang out
with you oh really so if you didn't need
a babysitter would you have called me
well i i said yes or no
no
why didn't you just invite him to dinner
we didn't wait i wanted to go to dinner
i want to eat mashed potatoes with my
fingers i needed a babysitter like why
didn't we bring jeffy this is so stupid
buddy buddy
look i'll make it up to you
what do you want to do you want to go to
dinner no i want a friend i am your
friend how about we stay how about we
stay up all night watch movies
really yeah and we can we can hang out
and do manicures and gossip and all that
stuff will you chew on my pillow
yes i'll chew on your pillow you're the
best friend ever boys are weird
isn't paul's delicious he's so
comforting to chew on why is my side
crunchy oh that's where all the dried
spit is
i'm still winning hide and seek
[Music]