oh man i'm so sick
oh marvin you sound terrible because i'm
sick ring ring ring ring jeffy what are
you doing ring ring ring ring marvin i
think you should answer it ring ring
ring ring jeffy i don't have time for
your games i'm sick ring ring ring ring
hello i'm a disney world monorail please
stand clear of the door por favor
montenegro de las puertas
jeffy get out of here i'm sick
marvin do you want me to call a doctor
no i'll get better i just need some rest
hey daddy what about jeffy what's your
throat chicken look at me catchy chicken
nugget in your mouth what no no jeffy
stop throwing chicken nuggets i'm not
gonna stop until you catch one in your
mouth
okay fine i'll
try oh my god he's choking i'll call it
doctor ring ring ring ring ring ring
oh good jeffy get out of here look gonna
kill dave
maybe i should call a real doctor on a
real phone yeah just go call a doctor
hey there's somebody call a doctor and
his sexy assistant yeah what's he doing
here well my brother jonathan applied
for an internship at the hospital so
he's coming with me today to observe ooh
can i talk your name be dr pepper
get it dr pepper like this soda yeah i
get it
can you imagine just your pepper pasting
jack or pepper yeah like yeah i get it
can you imagine yeah i know i get it
anyway so what seems to be the problem
well i can't stop coughing oh look
chicken nuggets oh these look good do
you have any sauce for these like some
honey mustard i like barbecue sauce no i
don't have any sauce i'm sick can you
help me oh yeah you're right i probably
shouldn't eat these because you're sick
i don't want to get sick oh although i
am already around you so i'll probably
get sick anyway so i guess i could just
take a little nib on
i use a cold can i just microwave these
real quick no can you take care of me
please okay fine what's up yeah uh uh
looking guy i am the doctor and in turn
i will do the diagnosis we gotta check
his pulse first that's not my pulse oh
he's freaked up he is bricks up no i'm
not good to know let me get your rest
your pulse
i can't find his pulse he's dying get
down we have to do surgery give me a
scalpel jonathan i'm not cutting him
open he's going to die
he should die let's
jonathan move jonathan get back just let
me do this i don't want to use my first
paycheck okay tell him to go away yeah
okay it's it's fine look i think you
probably just have a cold
a cold it's a cold so just take a
tylenol and stop eating so many chicken
nuggets it's bad for your cholesterol
okay all right jonathan let's get back
to the hospital
here booking guy how did you go my first
patient it was fine just try to be more
professional next time what you didn't
like my giant peppa joke
i forgot how funny that was
it's really not that funny uh doctor guy
there's a patient waiting for you in
room four okay thanks denise hey janiece
what if my name was dr pepper
it's really not it's not that funny oh
doctor guy you're just jealous because
you didn't think of it first
he didn't think of it first either the
soda thought of it first
denise don't you have all the patience
you should be getting to all right all
right i'm going jesus hey becky did you
hear the joke don't tell becky the new
intern said what if his name was dr
pippa
really becky
jonathan jonathan let's just go to room
four come on
doctor this man just came in he was hit
by a semi truck he's not breathing oh my
god we need to operate quick get the
tools oh i'm sorry are you talking to me
yeah jonathan get the tools say my real
name my document name jesus dr pepper
he's gonna die are you kidding me you
can't laugh at a time like this well
it's gonna get cruise at a time
cause i'm like yoda
this is hell i am in hell
dr pepper huh
i don't know what's so funny i'm not
laughing and then nothing's nothing
nothing's funny there's nothing funny
about the situation oh well you want to
know what i think is funny you're
getting sued for medical malpractice
because you didn't resuscitate my client
in a timely manner okay so what's the
damage what are we looking at here we're
suing you for ten million dollars ten
million dollars i don't have ten million
dollars well you better have it by
tomorrow morning or else you're going to
jail for medical malpractice and you're
losing your medical license but i don't
have a medical license i'm just an
intern okay well we just upped the
lawsuit to 20 million because dr pepper
over here was practicing medicine
without a medical license shut up
jonathan and i swear to god if you laugh
one more time we're taking it to 30
million jonathan you better not laugh
don't don't don't you laugh i dare you
to laugh
all right 30 million wins i'll see you
in tour come on
let's go let's go what are we gonna do
jonathan i don't know jonathan we're
being sued for 30 million dollars
because of your stupid dr pepper joke i
will admit that joke is getting kind of
old it started old you always don't be a
giant joshua peppa
jonathan jonathan jonathan jonathan if
we don't pay them 30 million dollars
we're going to jail yeah i can't go to
jail the guys in there will take
advantage of me well actually i'd
probably be a job okay jonathan these
are problems i don't even want to have
okay we need to come up with that money
how are we going to do it
what have we got a limited edition first
edition unopened spider-man comic okay
do you know where we would get that
nobody would give us such a good excuse
to go thrift shopping jonathan we don't
have time to go antiquing give me a
different idea okay okay what if we
contacted the creators of fortnite and
got them to make us playable characters
we could even get our own dance
why the hell would they put us in the
game nobody even knows who we are you're
right they wouldn't ever make me a
playable character my wiener's too big
you'll have to make it into a pickaxe
jonathan these are bad ideas i need
realistic ideas
what if we made a hit song but we can't
sing i can did you know that your
brother is gifted yeah i knew you were
gifted but not in singing twinkle
twinkle little star
how i wonder what you are
jonathan nobody is going to pay 30
million dollars to hear twinkle twinkle
little star well fine well maybe maybe
maybe
you could make a rat song i'm not a
rapper jonathan well you could be what
would i even rap about i don't exactly
have hoes you could rap about your life
i mean i guess i do have a lot of jobs i
could add rapper to the list yeah here
you go you go get them champ okay i'm
gonna go try to make a rap song i should
go help them
i got many jobs i'm a cop i'm a doctor
i'm a pilot don't believe me i can fly a
helicopter i got many jobs i'm a
firefighter i'm a chef i'm a lawyer
you're about to get served i got many
jobs i'm a mailman i'm a plumber i
unclog your mother's pipes and i did not
disappoint her i got many jobs i'm a
teacher i'm a dentist i can fix any
blemish ain't no job that i can't finish
someone call a burn specialist from all
this fire that i'm spitting it's burning
my lips i'm a jack of all trade i can
give you some tips i'm an ob gyn smell
my fingertips
yeah
my fingertips p.u
smells just like fish sticks hell yeah
my fingertips i'm an ob gyn smell my
fingertips
can i get a whiff no come on brooklyn
guy just give me a sniff
no jonathan go jump off a cliff come on
freaking guy don't get in a kiss
no jonathan get out of my song i will
once your wife gives me her song
jonathan leave bye so long just give me
one verse what could go wrong okay i'm
jonathan but just call me daddy i can
pull up to the spot just send me as your
addie don't bother me
if you are a fatty i'll only show up if
you are a baddie i would be searching
say probably won't fit you come to my
basement don't mind the tissues you can
meet my mom
i got mommy issues just don't pitch your
offer else he will hit you
who wants to play some everquest you
should see my gaming setup you'll be
impressed you'll be so turned on you
might get undressed cardiac arrest when
i see oppressor
[Music]
i don't want mom to see this oh why it
was so good you know it felt really cool
when we were recording it but now
listening to it i get really hung up on
the part about people smelling my
fingers okay what's your best point
though yeah smell my fingers yeah i
don't think we should release this oh
let's
release it wait you what oh hold on
no he's calling hey yo hey jonathan did
my baby boys make a music video about
smelling fingers yeah you saw it i shook
did i'm so proud of my baby boy thank
you
so much to me bye
she's proud of us i i don't know why
wha who is that oh i bet it's our fans
we don't have fans hello hey there what
you said we had till tomorrow oh calm
down calm down piss pants here heard
your song about smelling fingers and he
liked it so much that he decided not to
sue you for the 30 million dollars as
long as you guys gave him the rights to
the song deal
shut up no it's not he can have the song
it's his all right great come on piss
pants looking guy why would you give
away my song it's not even gonna be a
hit jonathan nobody even cares about it
let's just go back to work okay
i can't believe you gave away our song
jonathan we're not being sued anymore we
have our lives back that's more
important it was a matthew p it was not
a masterpiece have you boys heard this
new song doctor i'm a pilot pokemon guy
i think she's listening to my film no no
no way wait how'd you even find that
song it's number one on the billboard
charts it sold over a hundred million
copies i told you
let's get back to the studio i got many
jobs i'm a cop i'm a doctor i'm a pilot
don't believe me i can fly a helicopter
i got many jobs i'm a firefighter i'm a
chef i'm a lawyer you're about to get
served