[Music]
I love taco Tuesdays I live for taco
Tuesday I'm gonna eat all the tacos wait
guys didn't LeBron James trademark Taco
Tuesday yeah that cool tried and failed
I was the first person to put tacos in
the oven on a Tuesday but we got these
tacos from Taco Bell besides
the fortune tacos and enjoy them yeah
enjoy the tacos Cody yay
[Music]
breaking news Okay a leader of the
Mexican cartel is in a high-speed police
chase with speeds reaching over 100
miles an hour police are urging people
to stay off the streets a high-speed
chase he died in the Breaking Bad video
dude what if he tries to come here and
steal all our tacos I don't want our
tacos to get stolen guys what are the
odds he's gonna come here oh there he is
guys you have to hide me the police
chase was crazy and those guys are local
can I hide behind your couch hey Joseph
can you Google how to say yes in Spanish
oh yeah I got you bro it's C don't spell
it just tell me what it is I'm not
spelling it I'm telling you the word
it's c c so where did it see
doesn't even begin with a c Cody that's
I wasn't spelling it I was telling you
what the word wow you're such a doofus
see gracias Amigo it'll be like I never
hear
him Mouse try to spell it wrong I think
it ran in here hey you could seen a
Mexican uh Joseph can you Google the
Spanish word for no yeah bro I got you
no I know you're not gonna tell me Cody
shut up no Junior the where it is no
there's no way they didn't think of
anything for the word no dude it's
actually no I told you so they say c for
yes but they just gave up on the word no
no we haven't seen them well what about
him he's a little brown but he's not
Mexican Simmons look if there hasn't
been a Mexican in here then why are all
these tacos around cause it's Taco
Tuesday
look Simmons a sombrero I think is
attracted to all the tacos Follow My
Lead wow there sure are a lot of tacos
around yeah these tacos sure look
delicious I would love to eat one of
these tacos are they Supreme are they
Supreme they're just regular they're
just regular yeah also you're under
arrest oh man yeah go get in the car
Simmons make sure he gets in the car all
right okay so since you guys were
harboring a fugitive now I have to make
sure all you guys are citizens well we
are citizens you've seen us before well
yeah I've seen you guys but I don't
remember seeing him oh that's just my
boyfriend Ken well where's he from uh
California I think well that's pretty
close to the Border are you sure he's a
citizen But Ken show him your ass show
him how American it is take a good look
officer that ass is as American as it
can be now hold on I had a Chinese
roommate in college and his ass looked
kind of like that wait what's that say
made in China he's not a citizen he's a
Chinese But Ken you never told me you
were Chinese I guess that kind of
explains why there's not much going on
up front see that's the proof right
there kiss a doll dolls are made in
China he's not indulge as him now hold
on because if he's a doll he can stay
because Chinese products are allowed
here but if he's human I'm gonna have to
see his papers or else he's going to get
deported yeah that's up [ __ ] which one
is it is he a dollar is that [ __ ]
breathing yeah is that racial slur
breathing or what
he's he's
he's a shiny well damn he's really
sticking to this dude I'm gonna have to
see his papers then I don't have his
papers I threw the Box away oh I'm gonna
have to deport him sorry no please don't
Deport my boyfriend sorry kid there's
nothing I can do my not now Simmons I'm
trying to do a deportation but the guy
stole a squad cop damn it Simmons I told
you to make sure he got in the car well
maybe we should have put him in
handcuffs I didn't think it was
necessary he seemed like a nice enough
guy
hold on kids you stay here I'll be back
in a few minutes to deport your
boyfriend how are we gonna catch him we
don't even have a on the invisible horse
Simmons
well before they come back they have to
chase down their car by horse all you
had to say was he's a doll dude he's not
a dog so Cody is Ken gonna have to hide
from the cops his whole life we can't
hide him because the cops already know
he's here they might arrest us for
trying to hide him he has to be a
citizen well how can he become a citizen
well usually you have to take a test but
you have to be on a waiting list for
that and that might take years we don't
have time for that you'd also have to
talk and walk and you know be alive he
can take that shows him he's alive just
him he can breathe Joseph okay Cody
what's the quickest way to become a
citizen let me look it up oh okay this
says if he marries somebody who's
already a citizen then he gets to be a
citizen too well why don't you just
marry him who I don't know Junior that's
a pretty big commitment just one plastic
ass for my whole life hmm
yeah okay I can marry him okay so uh
just get married to him he'll become a
citizen but we have to sign a prenup
what kind of stuff do you have that you
don't want him to take I have Lego sets
in their mind okay let's go get you a
lawyer Cody okay come on get let's bring
your Chinese ass to the lawyer hello I'm
Mr Goodman how can I help you today my
boyfriend is about is about deported
because he's not a U.S citizen so we
need to get married are you trying to
commit marriage fraud no no no no I
really do love him and I want to marry
him but we have to do this now for legal
reasons but isn't he a doll he's not a
doll lawyer I mean no he's not a doll
he's my boyfriend well a human can't
marry a toy what toy what are you
talking about I don't see a toy I mean I
see a boy toy but not a toy I don't know
what type of weird joke you guys are
trying to pull on me but I cannot
legally officiate a marriage between a
human and a toy I'm sorry what do you do
now Cody well we're still gonna have a
wedding and we're gonna take a lot of
pictures and hopefully those pictures
prove that we're married come on Ken
let's get ready for a big day
all right Cody are you sure you're ready
for this yes Junior this is the happiest
day of my life why isn't Ken wearing
pants oh he said he wanted a Porky Pig
it and I wasn't gonna argue all right
Cody let's walk down the aisle
you I'm just so happy I told myself I
wouldn't cry and now look at me I'm such
a little [ __ ] all right let's get
started Ken do you take Cody to be your
husband he says he does Cody do you take
Ken to be your husband I do well I Now
pronounce you husband and husband you
may now kiss the husband come here
come on Ken let's go on our honeymoon
and then I can spread some honey on that
Moon and lick it off hey guys me and Ken
are back from our honeymoon we couldn't
show it it was way too graphic thank God
we didn't see it but me and Ken are
happily married now hey guys I couldn't
get my car he drove it across the border
and uh I'm not going over there so uh
time to deport your boyfriend come on
Chop Chop oh he's not my boyfriend he's
my husband now we got married
well we'll let a judge decide that come
on YouTube
[Music]
today we will be here in the Gaze of Ken
who is being faced with deportation Ken
was born in China he has no citizenship
papers so Cody you claim to be his
boyfriend why should Ken not be deported
oh and actually not his boyfriend and
his husband now because we actually just
get married so oh well muzzle's off
congratulations but I do have any proof
anybody can just say they got married
let me see the wedding photos God damn
it oh oh yeah uh here they are let me
see this yes oh that was quite lovely
everybody see the lovely couple well
that's nice I mean you do look like an
eight-year-old woman and your husband is
not wearing pantaloons but other than
that it looks like a very nice ceremony
and the photo is legit which means Ken
is a U.S citizen and therefore I have to
dismiss the case unless anyone would
like to
they took wedding photos but they're not
really married
you really had me going there with this
little photo but now I have to deport
your husband boyfriend not husband you
don't have a husband because you're a
liar Deport him no please no I'll do
anything he lived his whole life in
America I can prove it oh really well
and Leslie just unbang this Gamble
very well if he has lived in America his
whole life as you say then he should be
able to answer some questions that only
an American would be able to answer and
he would answer them correctly yes yeah
yeah of course ask him any question
he'll get it right okay well I have a
Big Mac under my gown tell me what's on
it I'm sorry [ __ ] what a Big Mac yes
a Big Mac you know like you get from
McDonald's I have a Big Mac under my
gown because it's my lunch and I keep it
there for safekeeping so if he can tell
me every ingredient that is on a Big Mac
then he must be American because every
American has had a Big Mac uh okay but
I'm gonna have to answer for him because
he he lost his voice what's that Ken uh
he says there there are two patties
because I mean obviously it's known for
that and then and then there's cheese
how many pieces of cheese oh [ __ ] me uh
okay I I think uh I mean two would make
sense right but but in my head I see one
yeah I mean I think they do something
gay like that because it's like why even
bother because you can't even really
taste the cheese at that point but I'm
gonna say one and and there's onions and
lettuce how many pieces of lettuce I
think it's that shredded lettuce because
it always makes a mess and then there's
onions and in Big Mac sauce on a sesame
seed I think that's it right
oh Cody
your boyfriend is wrong dead wrong let
us dissect the Big Mac shall we have a
look see how since we said Bud that is
correct a penny two of them auto correct
onions lettuce Big Mac sauce correct
correct correct and then oh my [ __ ]
someone [ __ ] me what is that Cody what
is this little green thing well that
appears to be a little pickle doesn't it
Cody and that means your boyfriend is
not in America
is very good so I have no choice but to
the board him get [ __ ] no no please my
boyfriend's been here for years I can
prove it just ask my parents
do I want to unbang my gavel for a
second time glad you want to see where
this goes very well but there will not
be a third unbanging
hope you realize that bring in the boys
parents Cody what am I doing in this
courtroom I told you I got warrants I
can't be in a place like this look you
know how hard it is to drive with a
suspended license and expired tag in a
stolen car Cody you're not selling the
devil's lettuce are you you're supposed
to be kicking the profits back to your
daddy boy I've been growing it in the
backyard for years
and I'm getting tired of selling my body
and Judith your son Cody claims he has
been with his boyfriend for a long time
is that true oh yeah you talking about
that dog thing yeah he's sticking in his
buddy stuff yeah we wanted him to play
with Barbies but he just wants to play
with that stinky doll doll did somebody
say doll wait you mean to tell me this
this is a doll and not a human born in
China he's a dog dude
no headaches headaches so many headaches
I am so confused you say he is a dog and
you say he is not at all and you say he
put his boyfriend in his butt which is
disgusting so Cody answer this simple
question is he a doll or not because if
he is a doll he can stay and if he is
not at all then he must get out of this
country come on dude it's very simple
all you have to do is say ease and all
just say it he's a doll
he's he's an awesome
Ken is to be deported there now I can
enjoy my Big Mac give me you
love it
no
all right kid I'll give you 30 Seconds
To Say Goodbye then he's off to China
yeah kid I don't know what I'm gonna do
without you I'll promise I'll come visit
you as soon as I can I'll join the NBA
and then I'll suck so bad they put me in
the China league and then I'll go live
there and then I'll visit you does that
sound good hey
say that Ken found his green card and
hand him this okay uh Ken actually found
his green card oh he did let me see Luna
reverse card no you have to get departed
oh [ __ ] come on man
I don't want to go to China those are
the rules oh damn you kid you win this
time damn you Uno reverse card yay Ken
doesn't have to get deported now because
because of the Uno reverse card those
are the rules
[Music]
thank you