[Music]
Jeffy stop playing that you stop playing
that I'm not the one playing it ow
Marvin he's just making music well I
want to watch TV so go play that
somewhere else why would you stop
playing that beautiful music Jeffy go
all right Marvin the mayor election is
starting hello and welcome to the
mayoral debate I'm Steve stalberger and
today we have a debate between two twin
brothers who are running for mayor tuna
fish Terry and pistachio Pete who will
win let's find out our first question is
for tuna fish Terry what would you put
into school lunches to make them
healthier well found mayor first thing
I'll do is I'll put tuna fish in all the
vending machines up in school and then
every place go have some T fish on very
interesting pistachio Pete what would
you put into school lunches to make them
healthier pistachio good s protein I
think every k
e every H Ro one of my favorite noell T
fish got more protein in it than didn't
there beat the chos godamn to you're
vegetarian screw you and your vegetarian
Li gentlemen gentlemen calm down
this is not a shouting match okay next
question pistachio Pete there are a lot
of potholes in the roads what would you
do to fill in those those potholes I
feel that some with dasos and Road
smooy butter tuna fish Terry what would
you do to fix our pothole problem in
town I put a can't T fish that PO and
run over that some next question
tuna fish Terry what would you do to
lower taxes in our city I believe that
all tun feish going to be taxfree you
ain't going to pay no tax on no tun
feish I guarantee it pistachio Pete how
would you lower taxes High tax on T fish
no tax on sto no wa did the damn you
can't r tax on my t the hell wrong with
you no one even like go t fish everybody
like that everyone loves T fish it's a
ticking of the sea ain't no one know how
to say that piece of CH gentlemen
Gentlemen please stop arguing well that
does it for the mayoral debate make sure
you go out in the next few days to vote
on who gets to be our new city mayor
pistachio Pete has my vote Marvin he's a
vegetarian but tun a vegetarian is
clearly better I can't understand a
single word that man says he speaks very
clearly baby you have to get your ears
checked well I eat pistachios every
single day Marvin they're healthy for
you I'd rather have a tuna fish sandwich
you just don't get it tuna fish ter is
for the people and pistachio pee is
selfish all right craft So today we're
going to be eating lunch in the
classroom because the cafeteria got a
sewage leak so the lunch lady's going to
be coming around and passing out your
slop all right kids here's your
breadless sloppy chokes some for use oh
that's so gross and some for
use and some for use oo yeah mean oh
this is so gross but guys if you don't
want to eat it I'll eat it you're
actually going to eat that Joseph dude
food is food you'll eat anything if
you're poor all right crra make sure you
eat all your food and don't make a mess
I don't want any stains on my
carpet D slow down I haven't eat in 3
days dude not everybody has a family
like you or a mom that cooks for them
every night give me your food okay jeez
here I wish we had better school lunches
CR I have an announcement to make we
have a special guest today it's tuna
fish Terry coming to talk to you guys
about his mayoral campaign so listen huh
oh my God tuna fish Terry I love him
he's for the people oh my God tuna fish
Terry no way all right everyone get up
my name t and I'm running for May and I
can tell all you out there Ain like that
school lunch that you be having right
now so if you tell your par to vote for
me for May then I'll make sure that you
got T fish and say that that you eating
right there thank you he's got my vote I
want tuna fish for lunch every day yeah
tuna fish would be awesome now hold on
crass we have one more guest speaker
that wants to talk to you it's pistachio
Pete and he's also running for male now
that sh you just heard about tuna fish
tuna fish tuna fish F you know what that
b Dasio Dasio where it at Dasio are
listen I promise you f me may I get you
a hand of Dasio every day lunch thank
you thank you pistachio Pete all right
crft now go home and tell your parents
who you want to be Mayor Bill pistachio
Pete sucks hey pistachio Pete is way
better than tuna fish Terry he's
vegetarian and pro environment yeah why
don't you ask me where those 10 million
missing pistachios went huh yeah 10
million pistachios don't just disappear
overnight yeah pel being asking what
happened to those pistachio secret files
you know he shredded them before the FBI
came what Wen those files Penelope
they're full of nutrients Junior no his
pistachio are full of el chopos Coke
come on guys let's go to my house make
sure tuna fish Terry wins okay dude okay
guys we have to find a way to guarantee
that tuna fish Terry will win mayor cuz
I don't want to eat pistachios every day
for lunch yeah I'd much rather eat tuna
fish yeah me too dude okay Cody check
and see who's winning the election okay
oh no it looks like pistachio Pete has a
small lead over tuna fish Terry how well
people like that pistachios are
vegetarian they think eating tuna is
cruel cuz you're killing fish oh Jesus
ate fish facts yeah that's true and fish
is better okay look we have to find a
way to make tuna fish Terry relevant
with the kids you know to get the kids
to vote for him ooh what if he made a
rap song oh yeah if tuna fish Terry made
a rap song everyone can relate to it
they'd be like ooh he's hip he's hop
he's full of rap so yeah Cody go get
tuna fish Terry but go get him yeah go
get him tell him you want to talk about
tuna fish he'll come over and we can
tell him about our idea yeah okay yeah I
guess I can try okay guys I found him
you want to invest in tuna fish he
thinks we want to invest in tuna fish no
we don't want to invest in tuna fish you
want to sell tuna fish no we don't want
to sell tuna fish we want to help you
win
mayor really well that was easy so we
thought if we made you a music video and
a rap song you'd be more relevant to
kids and get more
votes but was that a question
yes t f so you want to make a music
video and a rap song they going to be T
fif in it well yeah I mean of course
that's who you are all right T all right
let's record the song and make the music
video yeah let's do this all right dude
I found a beat now all we have to do is
write the song all right tuna fish Terry
tell us some stuff about yourself so we
can put it in the song well my name's
tunish Terry and I rent a Char boat
about four or five days a week so I go
tuna fish fishing I love bit fish my
fair fish and then I got two2 dos one
daughter is allergic T fish the other
dollar is don't Li T fish and I got a
wife she got diabetes and she lost one
of her foot and one of her pinky toes
and then I got I wear shoes because I
got INR to nails and it hurt my feet all
right dude I think I just write the song
yeah you just write it
[Music]
yeah hey me T just going down the store
get some of that there tonish I'm
running for Mar make sure you vote tuna
fit tuna fit I love some tunait tunait
tunait I'll sell some t tuna tunait tuna
fit smell a tuna fit tunait tunait
I need some tuna tuna I'm so hair get on
the boat I call it a fairy fish for fish
I call it tuna going fishing it's good
afternoon make it FL I eat it tuna ter
another good beat it run from May shit's
too easy for me my brother isy I'm
tuna ter now Pro this m so tuna fish
Terry what do you think about the music
video need more tunip I think it has
exactly the right amount of tuna fish
and that hot girl was dancing on you
yeah coie smell like tuna fish okay I
think it's ready to go on air computer
can fly no like like it's ready to go on
TV n you got a pisser I got a
what'd he say he asked if you had a
pisser but then he said he had to poop
it's down the hallway ah don't touch my
tuna fish he bite your finger off what
he said the tuna fish will bite our
finger off but it's already dead guys
are you sure we really want this guy to
be mayor do you want to eat pistachios
every day for lunch no I forgot huh h h
h h h HW the
[Music]
news breaking news UK pistachio Pete has
been assassinated while eating
pistachios on his back porch what
pistachio Pete was assassinated that
means tuna fish ter wins yay but guys
it's still sad nobody should be
assassinated over pistachios hey you
can't see tuna fish Terry oh the cops uh
no oh yeah then whose tuna fish is this
terries why did you lie to me I don't
know just every time I see I reach for
stuff really fast and lie that's a
really bad habit to have kid yeah why
you looking for tunish Terry well his
brother pistachio Pete was assassinated
so it would only make sense that tuna
fish Terry be the one to do it so he
could be mayor well tuna fish Terry
couldn't have done it cuz he's been in
my bathroom the whole
time Junior stop stop officer tell him
to stop yeah kid could you knock that
off t fit Terry couldn't have done he's
been in my bathroom the whole time have
you seen him the whole time no aha so he
could have done it I'm going to go grab
him okay guy just go in there and arrest
him you've done this before no good cop
just bad cop ah oh you got me eat my
tunish why are you eating tuna fish in
the bathroom eat good okay well you're
under arrest for the murder of your
brother would warn down pistachio Pete a
good rid yeah okay you're under arrest
come on I ain't do nothing guys tuna
fish Terry just got arrested no not my
boy Terry but he couldn't have
assassinated pistachio Pete he was
eating tuna fish in the bathroom the
whole time we got to do something guys
the new
the
news breaking news UK since pistachio
Pete was assassinated his other brother
gumo gar has joined the race for mayor
even breaking her more news we just got
word that tuna fish Terry has been
arrested as a suspect in the murder of
pistachio Pete leaving gumbo Gary the
only person in the race for mayor gumbo
Gary well he has my vote I do like gumbo
guys something really weird is going on
don't you think it's weird that a third
brother named gumbo Gary comes out of
nowhere right when pistachio P got
assassinated and T fish Terry gets
blamed for the murder yeah that is
pretty suspicious oh I really wish I
could find out who really killed
pistachio Pete if I could ask God any
question it'd be who really killed
pistachio Pete hey God yeah I'm here to
answer your questions I'll give you one
question each no matter what it is I'll
answer it ooh did dinosaurs really exist
uh yeah go to a museum a sick Joseph
what a dumb question obviously dinosaurs
exist dude I needed to know all right
God my question is a conspiracy theory
did we really go to the moon like did
Lance Armstrong really land on the moon
Lance Armstrong rode bikes and he
cheated but he didn't go to the moon no
did Neil Armstrong go sorry that was
your one question God damn it uh my one
question is in Horton here's a who are
those the same who's from the Grinch I I
mean don't answer that sorry I mean cuz
they obviously are right like they are
don't answer so my real question is who
killed pistachio Pete oh that was gumbo
Gary what why well he wanted to kill
pistachio Pete and frame tuna fish Terry
so that he could become mayor himself oh
my God can you tell the cops that uh no
why why yeah why well I work in
mysterious
ways to tell people that all right guys
we have to get gumbo Gary here and get
him to admit the murder while we record
it and then we can show the cops and
free tuna fish Terry and we get out tuna
for lunch every day okay yeah let's do
that go get gumbo Gary oh yeah sorry
I'll go
okay I got gumbo Gary hey what's all
this tuna fish doing here you should be
eating gumbo well that's why we wanted
you to come here we want some gumbo okay
hey are you taking a picture of me uh no
no no Cody's a big fan of you and he
wants a picture with you oh okay come on
in close you smell like gumbo mm yeah so
uh gumbo Gary what do you think about
pistachios I hate them oh what do you
think about pistachio Pete no I killed
him why did you kill him yep I killed my
brother pistachio Pete that way I could
frame my other brother tuna fish Terry
and win the election did you get that
dude it was a recording recording you
better not be recording and I said I
killed my brother pistachio Pete that
way I could frame my other brother tuna
fish Terry to win the election dang dude
my phone went dead you use my phone
Joseph I I got you can you say what you
just said again you you want me to
speaking this thing so it's more clear
yeah all right clear your ears out I
killed my brother pistachio Pete to
frame my other brother tuna fish Terry
that way I could win the election you
got it yeah I totally got it that time
oh well can you go get us some gumbo oh
yeah yeah yeah wow that was easy this
family is stupid let's go tell the cops
yeah dude I don't know how you call me
well we got some pretty hard evidence
thanks kids so Cody now that gumbo
Gary's arrested and tuna fish Terry's
free you think he's going to win the
election I don't know let's go see the
news Junior turn on the TV turn on the
TV
[Music]
breaking news tuna fish Cherry has won
the election and is now mayor
congratulations to the new mayor tuna
fish Terry wins y we got tuna fish every
single day Cody stop trying to kiss me
oh I'm sorry I thought we were having a
moment hey boys I want come by and say
thank you for sending my tuna fish and
clearing my name so I can win mayor
anything for you tuna fish Terry yeah
you boys want some tuna fish I caught
the to Fresh in the morning it's so good
right there I rent it out me Char boat I
went out there I went fishing I got me
lot the fif and then I caught me through
the fif and I sat there and I play that
 right there on that boat and then
while I was on that boat I was like hey
hey get back up in this boat fifth
[Music]