so guys you ready to watch the WWE fight
tonight yeah hell yeah bone crusher's
gonna fight Jeffrey the giraffe wait
Jeffrey the giraffe from Toys R Us yeah
oh jeffy's gonna get his ass beat dude
well I'm gonna go for Jeffrey well I
want Bone Crusher to win he always wins
yeah he crushes bones dude well let's
turn on so we can watch hello
hello you eat
your purses Jeffrey the giraffe
INE come on Jeffrey let's go Bone
Crusher
Bones the winner gets this championship
belt let the fight begin come here
Jeffrey
oh he's got the stool
they got something special for you
Jeffrey
you ready
[Applause]
boom crosses opened up a can of whoop
ass
[Applause]
where are you going
time for the dragon brood
oh I think he's done
one two three
bone Crushers the champion
I told you I could go if I told you I
would win yeah
I told you bone Chris was going to beat
Jeffrey uh poor Jeffrey this is not fair
bone crusher's too good he's undefeated
well I could beat him no you couldn't
yes I couldn't be well there's no way
they'll ever let some stupid kid versus
Bone Crusher yeah
cans Have You Ever Wanted
[Music]
the event with the Mana food bank and
whoever can donate the most cans of food
gets a can of whoop ass in the ring with
Bone Crusher
so donate as many cans of food as you
can today oh my God Jeffy look there's a
chance you could fight Bone Crusher all
you have to do is donate a bunch of cans
of food well I don't have a bunch of
candy food all right Jeffy it's time for
dinner come on oh my gosh I gotta go eat
dinner I'll be back
okay Jeffy here's your dinner green
beans I'm so grateful and we went to the
store and bought you a month's supply of
food geez you really shouldn't have you
know I don't like green beans so I don't
know why you even do it at this point
it's child abuse yeah Marvin why do you
keep giving him green beans because
they're good for him false the sodium in
here is 380 milligrams which is enough
to put me in cardiac arrest before my
21st birthday Jeffy just shut up and eat
them come on baby let's go you only buy
these or they end up on the floor so
let's start with that
wow that is a lot of change of food I
could turn those in and fight Bone
Crusher that's what I'm gonna do yeah
yeah guys check out all these cans of
food wow Jeffy that's so many green
beans I bet if you donated all those
green beans they'd let you fight Bone
Crusher and that's exactly what I'm
gonna do and lose I'm not gonna lose I
think you guys are estimating my R
strength well wait how do we donate
those cans like where do we go I'll just
call up the WWE Association tell them to
come get their beans hey there I'm Steve
stalberger I represent the WWE why'd you
call me cause y'all wanting to turn in
all these cans of green beans to fight
bone cruncher holy moly that's a lot of
cans you win you get to fight Bone
Crusher wait he wins no one else donated
cans no nobody else donated cans cause I
don't want to fight Bone Crusher they
don't want to die well I'm gonna win
okay whatever you say kid as long as
they sign all the waivers now I'm gonna
collect all these cans just hold on let
me go pop my trunk wow Jeffy you get to
fight Bone Crusher are you nervous no
because I know I'm gonna win oh make
room he has to get the cans so what's
your wrestling name gonna be my what
your wrestling name you need a scary
wrestling name like Bone Crusher he has
a scary name yeah
um mine could be poopy diaper well
that's not very intimidating well it is
when there's a grumpy in my diaper dude
it has to be something cool yeah
something's scary yeah like heart
disease that's not scary Cody well it's
the number one cause of death in America
how about something like the big bad
wolf and you dress up like a wolf and
then you can say I'm gonna huff and I'm
a puff and I'm gonna beat your ass oh
that's fine dude okay yeah Jeffy so go
dress up like a wolf and then go fight
him I promise you could be scary oh
hello and welcome to another WWE World
Championship tonight Bone Crusher has
decided to donate his belt to whoever
wins so in this corner we have Bone
Crusher you bones are gonna get crushed
today
and in this corner the big bad wolf I'm
gonna hop in puff and knock your ass out
okay let the fight begin
you ready to die too homie kick your ass
okay that's it no more going easy on you
all right you ready
oh Jeffy use the stool okay that kid's
gonna die okay
oh bonked him with a claw hammer I don't
know if that's legal folks no right he's
gonna
he's gonna [ __ ]
that's wrestling it's fake you're going
a little too hard you're actually
starting to hurt me you're not gonna
trick me Bone Crusher
oh he used the chair this might be over
early folks
uh hey man do you want me to stop this
because he's kicking your ass yes
oh from the top of the ropes that's
gotta hurt listen kid
put my leg and tap me out it's over you
win and you kick me in the face I'm not
falling for that Bone Breaker where's he
going someone told me where he's going
where's it going
oh my God
dear Lord he has the ladder
are you ready to die [ __ ] no please
one two three
he's dead
the big bad wolf wins the winner by
murder the big bad wall yeah I told
those three little pigs that I would win
wow Jeffy wasn't lying he really kicked
bone crusher's ass like he killed him
hey guys check out my new belt I got
that W Jeffy why'd you go so hard you
killed the guy well he was asking for it
you do know wrestling's fake right oh I
didn't know that but they knew
breaking news Okay Bone Crusher a famous
wrestler has died his funeral will be
held tonight for anyone who wants to
attend oh wow he's actually dead I
thought maybe he was faking it no I
failed his neck snap oh man not my
favorite wrestler's Dead Oh RP Bone
Crusher wow Jeffy good going you killed
Joseph's favorite wrestler well I didn't
mean to we should go to his funeral yeah
let's go to Bone crusher's funeral
[Music]
Amazing
Grace how
sweets the sound
that
saved
[Music]
like me
dearly beloved we are gathered here
today to mourn the loss of our beloved
Bone Crusher whose bones were ironically
crushed in his last wrestling match
would anyone like to say anything before
we bury him six feet under here
[Applause]
is one thing I would like to say about
Bone Crusher I don't believe he's dead
he's never horror for Horror oh my gosh
oh God Morphin Jiffy ate all his green
beans he really did yes he did can every
can Jeffy wouldn't eat that much Jeffy
get in here hey there your son's under
arrest for what well he killed a guy and
then beat up the guy's corpse at the
funeral Jeffy why would you that oh he
actually committed a whole alphabet list
of crimes here I'll name them off for
you A is for aggravated assault B is for
beating a corpse C is for choking a
corpse D is for defiling the dead e is
for extortion because he called the
guy's parents afterward and then asked
for money or else he'd kill them F is
for felonious activity because I'm
pretty sure what he did is a felony G is
for grave robbing H is for hate crime
because Bone Crusher had a little bit of
black on him but he's also a skeleton so
I don't really know how that works I is
for ignoring the law J is for jaywalking
because when I tried to arrest him he
crossed the street but he didn't use a
crosswalk K is for killing L is for
larceny and I don't know what that means
but it sounds bad M is for murder n is
for neglect O is for oh my God how could
you do that to a corpse P is for
personal injury Q is for quite
ridiculous what he did R is for
resisting arrest s is for strangulation
T is for threatening because he
threatened me when I tried to arrest him
U is for under the influence because he
must be because why else would he do
that V is for violence W is for why
would anyone do that X is for xylophone
because he played the guy's ribs like a
xylophone why is for why would you do
that again why would anyone do that and
Z is for zebra stripes because he's
going to be wearing black and white
stripes when he's in jail Jeffy why
would you do all those things because
you got this shiny belt for beating a
Bone Crusher oh is that real yep I've
always wanted a WWE belt okay I'll tell
you what I will drop all these charges
if you give me that belt well I won this
fair and square Jeff again their belt
okay oh this is gonna be so cool maybe
like a wrestler here and take it oh
sweet
Jeffy I cannot believe you did all that
but you got really lucky that he wanted
your stupid belt now I have one more
question did you really eat all your
green beans
did you check the floor oh you goober
[Music]