careful careful careful - careful
careful careful shoppers I'm sure I'm
sorry
I got it oh dude our show closed so I'm
so glad playing Jenga yeah money jr. all
right Richard it's your turn mmm which
piece do I want to go for oh this one
actually it looks like I'm winning all
right guys so what game you want play
now how about hide and see oh yeah
really good at hiding she okay I'll be
it Joseph you Richard hi okay okay then
I'll become a ten one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten bring your
night here I come
who where there all right guys I'm gonna
find you just where you are you behind
the teddy bear no are you inside that
popcorn bucket no Joseph you're there
you wouldn't stop laughing oh darn I
need to shut my mouth yeah you do now I
gotta find Richard mm-hmm Richard hmm
I'm allergic to your poor air well I got
you Richard all right Joseph it's your
turn oh man
okay dude let me do it is okay uh hello
hey there I'm here to pick up my son
Richard okay Richard your dad here oh
thank god thanks for picking me up dad
it's so poor here my allergies were
acting up oh and by the way junior I
accidentally clogged your toilet sorry
what your clog my toilet wait you caught
this toilet yeah I accidentally use too
much money when I was wiping too much
money when you were wiping you know
you're always supposed to use one bill
at a time show me all right right this
way see Dad there it is man mister you
are grounded grounded for what you know
you're only supposed to use one bill
when you wipe your white like we have
the endless amount
money which we do but you need to learn
the value of money so I think you need
to get a job a job you pour yeah that's
exactly what we're gonna do we're gonna
get you a job and I think you need to
work at McDonald's McDonald's you poor
people food and you get over here and
love you smash those stupid ear pods on
your stupid head come here come on all
right don't get those ear plugs back
when you've earned them now let's go to
McDonald's exactly that's how we all
feel until we start making $15 an hour
then would be lower middle class
well how much about making now 845 an
hour eight hundred and forty-five
dollars an hour that's not too bad no no
no no no my silly white boy eight
dollars and forty-five cents exactly let
me show you the food layout see we got
hamburgers right here Nuggets they're
french fries lettuce and tomatoes see
all this stuff was already made
yesterday okay we just leave it out to
give it flavor
and this stuff right here is the stuff
people return see we just keep passing
out the windows to somebody accept it
now let me show you how to make a burger
on a traditional burger you got meat
cheese lettuce tomatoes ketchup mustard
and mayonnaise see I know that's a lot
but I got a song to help you remember
first you had to meet new you add cheese
don't forget the lettuce the tomato
capture muscle mayonnaise ketchup
mustard mayonnaise ketchup mustard
mayonnaise ketchup mustard mayonnaise
you've got to be kidding me
first you add to me then you add cheese
don't forget the lettuce then you add
tomato ketchup mustard mayonnaise
ketchup mustard mayonnaise ketchup
mustard mayonnaise I'm not seeing that
poor saw do you want to get paid yeah
come on sing it with me press your knee
you add keys don't forget the lettuce me
you add tomato ketchup mustard
mayonnaise
catch a bus finish somebody in the
drive-through
okay get ready to make a sandwich and
don't forget the song all right all
right
another one hey don't be throw bananas
in my tribe I'm ready to own what you
want oh can I get uh
read order yeah can I get a ten-piece
nugget drop branch or loss crap with no
song also drop bridge with some packets
in the bag a plain cheeseburger and ice
cream cop ice cream machine bro of
course it is put it in that case I'll
just take kool-aid right man will sell
kool-aid we only got I see oh I can't
see that you have your ice cream machine
always bro look is that all you want man
yeah
all right your total is 17 38 are you
except EBT no you set fools no way take
a detour this is my discount man look
look please pull up for food in a minute
man you slam that window alright we're
sorry what we times Richard listen
 I'm trying to teach you something
look what we have here is what we call a
bad customer you could tell from a mile
away
it's a dead giveaway you could tell
about a better color the color they
caught their car yeah yeah she was
driving a red car people who drive red
cars are always mad something about the
color red but do you know what we do to
bad customers would ya exactly
now she wanna get some nuggets and fries
dropped so can you drop them on the
ground and take ten minutes doing it she
also one of the ice cream cone but we
always tell the customers that the ice
cream machine is broken to be honest
with you we don't even have ice cream
machine I don't even know why on the
menu but I'll get to making her food and
I'll be right back okay
alright what do we do again oh oh yeah
the song something about the me then you
grab some nuggets how about
don't forget ketchup ketchup ketchup
ketchup ketchup ketchup ketchup ketchup
ketchup
alright I'm done let me see you got a
lot to learn
let me just wrap this up and give it to
I need you to make me some more I'm not
making another burger for you later also
hey look just have a good day okay let
me speak look if you want to talk to the
owner how about you call oh alright
Randy I want you to work your drive-thru
because I am scripts how do I do that oh
it's super simple they're gonna pull up
to the window you say what real mean
because it's inconvenient for you to
take that order even though you work
here now they're gonna give you that
order you make sure you get it wrong
because we want them to come back
they're gonna say they're not gonna come
back
but what McDonald we're open 24/7 so I
go to the window and get it working my
name is Richard come on Randy just come
to the window oh good god all right
working the drive-thru at least I don't
have to touch that poor people food did
you sneeze on the window oh you're
hungry do you have money for food tomato
what your poor tomato we don't accept
Tomatoes here I'm hungry we'll shoot get
out here
sue you poor Oh
brain-dead disease-free witness that one
of our customers yeah because he was
poor Raymond Raymond Raymond look all of
our customers are poor you just can't
spray him with Windex though how about
we have the perfect conversation you're
supposed to have in the window
you be the driver out beating okay
remember in my Lamborghini whatever what
do you want why I do that Burger King
why are you ordering here can I get a
cheeseburger a cheeseburger witnesses
right down the street all right just
pull it to the next window see it's that
simple
see now you don't have to spray people
with Windex okay go ahead of the burgers
I got this did you just throw something
at me a tomato from a homeless man cuz I
ran out of her now
what do you want from me lady I just
want my alright because my booger head
nuggets on it that's what you wanted no
I wanted it really you know what here's
your tomato back alright Ryan I don't
know how much longer I can work here me
either
look I'm dreaming a bigger and better
things right like working at chick-fil-a
but see the customers here it's so
annoying and poor that too what do you
want you please stop honking horn hey I
stole my daddy's car cuz you wouldn't
bring me to get a happy meal kukuku what
do you want I got a cheeseburger happy
meal with three toys oh the happy meal
only comes with one toilet well I want
three toys you only getting one tool how
about three toys
it comes with one tall furry toy one toy
okay okay
[Music]
all right Robbie we got another bad
customer at the drive-thru you know how
I knew here's the color of the car
exactly the color of the car was red so
you know he's gonna be me any one of the
happy men with free toys look this ain't
Toys R Us I'm not giving him all the
toys you know what we're gonna do to his
boo all right spit your food bingo
you learn it Robbie okay so uh fix the
food and remember the song okay okay all
right the song of sometimes there's meat
bunch of bunch of cheese a lot a lot of
ones the couple chicken nuggets maybe a
few tomatoes ketchup ketchup ketchup the
maybe the whole thing Oh mustard mustard
mustard mustard mustard okay that looks
good all right it's ready let me check
the half a minute see how you did Rachel
you got a good model to catch up him up
oh I'm sorry it's okay it's okay let me
get him a drink
oh you're not welcome in uShip early
today this is your first day what does
that mean that means you get to go home
all right I'm gonna get your check and
then you can go home okay how much 20
good I mean well you only work for like
10 minutes so you may about 75 cents dad
I'm back from work wait a minute you you
smell poor I know but I got pay hold on
let me see that
75 cents congratulations you've made
enough money to buy three gumballs Oh
dad I have a confession to make I don't
want to be poor I want to work at poor
restaurants anymore and don't even wipe
my butt with 20s listen son you don't
have to wipe your butt with 20s that
would be disgrace to the Goodman
we only wipe our butts with hundreds but
the fact that you said that you would
wipe your butt with twenty s shows that
you appreciate money now so let's go
home
and get out of this weird poor person's
house oh thank you Dad I love you so
much
I love you too son let's go
[Music]