Patrick get in here it's time for dinner
trick where's your shirt I used to the
toilet paper and I tried to flush it
down the toilet so now it's stuck
Patrick we've talked about this t-shirts
aren't toilet paper who's McDonald's it
is can I have a french fry yes Patrick
it's your dinner you got me
mommy look yeah it's one is shaped like
this
in dollars okay Patrick I also got you a
milkshake a milkshake and it's purple
how'd they even do that okay you eat
your dinner I'll be in the other room
I'm gonna drink it
oh
all right Liam shut the hell up and tell
me what happened I gave myself
McDonald's I left the room I came back
and found them like this yeah likely
story liar what
what oh sure you didn't murder Simmons
take her away all right man you're
coming with me hello sir hey Susan I
just got done talking to the murderer
what do we got child found dead mother
still alive they were the only two in
the house yep she definitely did it yeah
she didn't like him she wanted to go out
and party so she killed them the child
shirt was also clogging the toilet sir
but I didn't notice until after I peed
yeah she probably strangled them with
the shirt and tried to flush it down the
toilet too bad we can't use it as
evidence now that you peed on it there
goes our evidence right down the drain
any fingerprints on the kid I found 10
fingerprints sir but they were all his
own hmm run those anyway just in case
she might have touched him only on his
fingers what's this purple Grimace
milkshake sir oh thank God oh I thought
I thought blood and maybe I was going
colorblind or like maybe he was an
alienist
still what a waste well I guess there's
no use crying over spilled milk shake
good one sir sir I do have to tell you
this is the
centered reported death with the
gorilla milkshake you know if everybody
in the world has one of these some of
those people are gonna die and then
they're gonna drop the milkshake right
next to that dead body but sir you don't
think there's a chance that the
milkshake's been poisoned oh no I know
Grimace personally he would never poison
his own milkshakes wait you know Grimace
yeah we went to high school together we
go way back love Grimace big teddy bear
of a guy I mean I don't know what the
hell he is but he's great what you don't
believe me I'll call him yes call him
it's me Brooklyn guy oh hey buddy hey
happy late birthday by the way sorry I
didn't get you anything oh that's
oh Dad just wanted to ask we've been
finding a lot of dead people next to you
milkshakes yeah maybe because it's my
milk Shake yeah it is your milkshake
yeah it is my milkshake are you on the
toilet because it sounds like you're
straining oh yeah toilet
yeah you really show that turd who's
boss yeah you little turd that sounds
more like a big one to me you piece of
 yeah I get it Grimace that's what
you get for drinking my milkshake yeah
you really yell at your poops a lot yeah
so anyway look how we sing It's My
Milkshake for my birthday yeah yeah it
was it was your birthday yeah my
birthday yeah I just wanted to make sure
you weren't going around like killing
people or something me kill somebody no
oh great that's all I needed to hear
Grimace yeah but just make sure no one
else drinks my milkshake because they
might end up dead okay well that was
weird but it was nice talking to you
Grandma okay bye bye see you Susan he
said he didn't kill anybody if you say
so sir I do say so and I also declare
this case closed get this body out of
here so guys what do you want to do
today well guys I went to McDonald's to
get my free medium french fries I get
from McDonald's every week and I found
out it's grimace's birthday well
actually his birthday was about a month
ago but they're still selling the meal
and it comes with a shake whoa it's
purple dude that looks what's it taste
like oh I don't know I haven't tried it
yet can I try it first before you spit
in the straw yeah I do like to spit
right inside the straw I don't know how
straws work oh I gotta try it next I
want to try it first okay get the second
and then you can try the shake shut up
Cody I'm gonna try it wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait the news
[Music]
breaking news Okay hundreds of people
all around the world are mysteriously
dying after drinking the Grimace shake
from McDonald's McDonald's is
discontinuing the shake until they can
figure out the cause oh no no Junior
didn't you hear the news people are
dying after they drink this the only way
you could die from drinking a milkshake
is if you drink it too fast to get a
brain freeze and go into a coma or if
you get obesity for eating too much
McDonald's but not that many people
would die from that dying from obesity
Cody you know the obesity rate in
America is 42.4 so that a chance that an
obese person is drinking a milkshake it
they're not supposed to be drinking and
they die well I think they were saying
there's an ingredient in the milkshake
that's killing people there's poison in
the milkshake well maybe yeah well then
you try it I'm not gonna drink poisons
you're a milkshake dude yeah you paid
money for it you should try it first
well you're the one who wanted it well I
don't want to try it you try it Joseph
I'm not trying man you try it well Cody
you tried I don't want to drink it okay
then how are we gonna find out who tries
it first uh how about we play a game of
poker and whoever loses has to try it
first but really in higher Game of Poker
just to figure out who's going to drink
this milkshake but you don't know how to
play poker you're bad at poker no how
about we just draw straws draw straws he
don't know what he's talking about okay
Cody we can draw straws come on Joseph
let's get some paper yeah let's show his
ass what all right Cody check out my
straw drawing nah dude check out my
straw drawing whoa you drew a McDonald's
straw yeah I tried to stay on theme you
know oh man you made a Bendy straw
that's sick all right Cody where's your
straw growing no idiots what I didn't
say draw pictures of straws I meant that
we all get straws we cut the straws we
pulled the straws and whoever has the
shortest straw loses
say that no you said draw straw so we
drew straws are you changing the rules
now dude but that's what drunk straws is
it's what you pull strong you should
have said pool straws you said draw
straws so we grab paper and we drew
straw so where's your straw drawing I
didn't draw one because you're not
supposed to you lose you lose it was
automatically yeah we drew straws you
didn't draw a straw so you lose you had
to drink the milkshake
fine I will drink the milkshake
oh
interesting how's it taste I like like
blueberry muffins does it taste like
poison no Anthrax no I mean I don't
really feel bad I don't really know why
people are dying from this is that
Grimace
I mean I bought it
hey he didn't actually take a sip what
uh yeah no I don't know how to use
straws so I just spit in the straw yeah
he's bad at sucking well no no I'm good
at sucking I just don't know how to use
straws if you're looking for a good time
I'll let you boy then how do you know my
milkshake tastes like blueberries I I I
could smell it oh yeah let me smell your
breath I don't brush my teeth
I warned you so why are you doing this
Grimace why are you so mad because I'm
killing everybody that takes a tip of my
milkshake after my birthday why because
it's mine check not yours not yours my
milkshake it's not that serious bro yeah
it's just a milkshake well just make
sure you don't take a step because if
you do
or you know if we take a sip because
Jake can you hear
you here it's like a dolphin so don't
take a sip and throw it away okay damn I
kind of want to take a sip of it now
right guys no oh yeah he's not gonna
know he's killed hundreds of people I
mean if he killing people over a
milkshake you gotta be good yeah I mean
I'll take the quietest sip ever yeah
he's not even in the room dude yeah
Junior look
how long is he gonna stand there for
brass goofy I think we should just throw
this thing away no we're gonna keep it
because I want to take a sip he's not
even that scary you won't take a
sip of it in front of his face dude give
me the milkshake but no no Junior don't
hey what are you well you could get I'm
gonna throw it away okay good you better
not take a I might take a sip no
you better not
okay
stop it
hey
I'll take a step I just put my mouth on
the straw okay good you better take
another step
while making bubbles okay good
do me well how am I gonna do that the
door's closed open the door what open
your door I think I'm just gonna throw
it away okay good okay guys I took a sip
no you didn't do when I was blowing
bubbles a little bit got in my mouth
what but he's joking okay
so what should we do I think we should
call the cops because he's just admitted
to murder okay and he's standing right
there so when the cops show up they'll
be able to get them right there yeah
yeah so I'll go get my phone okay guys
it's ringing 9-1-1 what's your emergency
uh yeah you know Grimace the purple guy
from McDonald's well he's staring at me
right now and he told us that he killed
a whole bunch of people for drinking his
milkshake okay listen kid I know Grimace
personally and I know he would never
kill anybody as a matter of fact he told
me that earlier tonight who was that
that was Grandma's well how do I know
that's not one of your friends doing a
Grimace impression
did you hear him say all that well yeah
that is kind of weird but I don't know
look could you just please come over
okay fine I'll be over there to take a
look yeah when you get here the front
door is going to be unlocked so you can
just come right upstairs
I hate responding to prank calls well he
said the front door would be open
oh it is and up the stairs oh hey
Grimace hey buddy what what you doing
I'm just making sure these kids don't
take a sip of money
shouldn't they drink
ing my milkshake okay well I'm just
gonna go in and talk to him okay well
make sure they don't take a sip of my
milkshake okay will do okay good okay
kids what's with the prank call it's not
a prank call Grimace is really here you
just talked to him well yeah everything
else you told me on the phone was true
but that doesn't mean Grimace is trying
to kill people listen officer Grimace is
trying to kill people he's trying to
kill anyone who takes a sip of his
milkshake that's ridiculous look I'll
show you hey don't take a dip in that
milk snake I'll tell you oh
Grimace you good buddy don't let them
take a sip of my milkshake take a sip of
the milkshake then he'll kill me he's
not gonna kill anybody he's nice so you
promise if he tries to kill me you'll
shoot him it's not gonna come to that
just take a sip so if he tries to kill
me or shoot him right I'm a cop I'm not
gonna let anything happen to you okay
just take a sip okay I will hey Grimace
I'm gonna take a sip of the milkshake
don't do it
go ahead
yeah
oh God Grimace I killed Grimace why'd
you have to make me shoot you I'm so
sorry you saved my life officer
oh God this Blood looks just like the
milkshake I'm really sorry you guys
couldn't see that it was just too
graphic uh but now you can safely drink
your grandma's milkshakes and peace he's
not gonna get you and now you can check
out the Grimace funeral shake that might
be coming out oh God yeah and please
make sure you like comment and subscribe
yeah I had to kill my best friend
grimace
[Music]