oh shut up I don't know why you're
screaming No One's Gonna Stop Me
let her go or suffer the consequences
[Music]
that gorgeous hair
I shampoo and conditions so
oh he can fly too of course I can't I'm
super here man super super super
superhero man hair
I got you baby I got you hi baby I saved
you thank you so much
oh wait watch the hair
oh man it was just a dream I wish my
life was like that dream a full head of
hair can you imagine me being a sexy
beast oh my life is so sad
puff who's at the door oh they probably
woke me up from my dream hello hey you
wanna see my pain show with your pencil
wait who are you what are you doing here
oh my name is Jeffy she ain't changing
on my shirt get me Jeffy what does this
note say oh we change I'm a good boy
please babysit sorry wait I'm not a
babysitter what are you doing here oh my
mom dropped me off and she said that my
name is Jeffrey now I'm a good boy well
your mom needs to pick you back up
because I'm not a babysitter so where
she at where she go oh she drove off she
drove off how much does he take you back
to her look how about this you wanna see
my plane show you've already showed me
that see it can go on my nose look huh
don't do that I won because you're gonna
hurt yourself why because depends aren't
supposed to go and know this why because
it hurts why stop saying why why
[Applause]
what if I came to your house and Drew a
pretty picture on your wall
go for it no no go for it
let's find your mom oh God why is this
my life why do you show up at my door
all the house in the neighborhood he
chose mine okay look I'm gonna give him
the gummies and I'm gonna call Rose for
help hey Jeffy I got your gummies why
because I had to get you gummies feed me
I'm a giraffe Oh no you're not a giraffe
the only one here yeah gummy does go
right there but you can put the gummy
there you don't no no no why are you
wearing a diaper in case y'all poop my
pants but the diapers on the outside of
your pants yeah so it won't get dirty
but then but then your pants will get
dirty
okay look here's a whole box of gummies
you can just eat these and have fun wait
what are you doing oh stop it I'm trying
your boom Bingo on my nose and I said
stop it the pencil does not go in your
nose why because pencils aren't meant
for noses now why if my nose have holes
in it to breathe does your nose have
holes in it yes everybody knows how to
hold on their pencil goes in no just
because the pencil will fit and it
doesn't mean to go in absolutely open
your nose no open the nose yes open your
look just eat your gummies okay
I've seen it you show it to me every
five seconds you can just eat the
gummies and I'll be right back come on
answer the phone answer the phone not
even phone if you don't answer it hey
baby hey hi hey hi okay look I have a
huge problem baby I know you're bald but
we talked about it you can get the hair
implant I don't want the hair implant
that's not the problem well what other
problems do you have other than being
bald Marvin Marvin that's your name now
oh we couldn't think of a better name
than Marvin Just Go With It a kid showed
up at my door was it selling cookies I
wish he was selling cookies I think his
mom abandoned him what yeah so I need to
come over right now okay okay
Marvin oh Marvin don't worry Jeffy help
is on the way what Jeffy why'd you put
that bit on your nose what what did you
say why'd you put that piss on your nose
I told you not to do it I can't hear you
get the gummies out of your ears
[Applause]
try checking up your nose oh
hold on just stay right here a rose at
the door just stay right here
thank God you're here baby this kid
literally shoved a pencil up his nose
what why would you let him do that I
didn't let him do it I told him not to
do it he did it anyway well I brought
him a coloring book and some crayons I
thought he might like that well you know
nobody's gonna do with those crayons
he's gonna show him up his nose because
he picked he thinks let's hold it that
stuff's supposed to go up there oh
Marvin he's not gonna do that well let's
just come inside okay all right baby
he's in here but don't get too close to
him I don't know what he might do to you
oh no he's losing the house it's gonna
be okay no no it's not okay he's crazy
he put these gummies in his ears he had
to pick on his nose that's not sanitary
it's not sanitary he's insane he might
destroy the house we have to look for
him okay he has a blue helmet on a
yellow shirt that says Jeffy on it you
look that way all of this way okay Jeffy
Jeffy where are you uh I want to see
your pencil oh God what if he starts a
fire uh Marvin
[Music]
don't get near him all right baby where
is he
well did you go poo poo yeah and the
good news is is a word
that we're all good there well that's
good no it's not good because the
diapers on the outside of his pants what
so now your pants are all full of poop
well at least the diapers don't clean
but your pants are dirty bingo so who's
gonna wipe me hey can you wipe him
absolutely not it's starting to itch
it's starting to itch and he's starting
to run up my back it's starting to rub
his back I will not please wipe me okay
I will deal with him can you just please
go try to call the cops and follow
missing person report or follow a found
person's report just get rid of them
okay okay Marvin hey
come on
kill me all right Jeffy we got you all
cleaned up and now you can finish eating
your gummies
but my diapers still clean yeah because
you crap inside your pants and not your
diaper and my pants are dirty yeah
because you crap inside your pants
Jeffy Jeffy stop it stop doing that why
why are you doing that stop it
Marvin Marvin what the cops are on their
way they are thank God we're safe
because jeffy's being really weird right
now look what he's doing he keeps
smacking his diaper he's making that
weird face and he won't answer me look
Jeffy Jeffy stop it Jeffy Jeffy stop
doing that right now Jeffy please Jeffy
How Could You Jeffy there's a lady right
here you can do it in front of a lady
please stop it I'll grab the coloring
book okay maybe that'll distract him hey
Jeffy look at the coloring book
yeah it's a coloring book have you ever
colored one before no grab a crayon okay
okay so so the pages in this book you
color them with a crayon oh
oh well I want the quail for my nose no
no no no no no you're not gonna put that
in your nose but my nose has your extra
hole in it give me that's not what the
holes are for you you
for breathing you're not gonna put a
crayon in your nose well I want the
quail for my nose give me heaven you're
not putting it in your nose I want it
for myself okay we're not gonna give it
to you you're gonna put in your nose
okay fine I won't put it up my nose you
promise you're not gonna put that in
your nose yeah you promise okay give it
to him
but you better not put that in your nose
you better not put that in your nose
don't you dare don't you dare
no more crab for you bad boy
[Applause]
um
yay the cops are here the cops are here
hello Heyday call the cops yes please
kill me whoa do I gotta take you to a
padded room huh huh you little psycho a
padded room how's that sound no no I
need your help come inside please okay
all right Officer the problem's in here
uh a blonde tell me about it then
nothing but trouble what no no no not
not her him no found my
ball well I'm glad you found
in fact why is there a crayon in your
nose Rose why is your crown on his nose
sorry I tried to stop up it was just so
persistent uh why is there a crayon in
his nose he liked to put things in his
nose wait
has anyone see my crayon it's yellow
look also look this is what happened
look I was laying on the couch living
the dream and out of nowhere I get a
knock on the door and this thing that
this person showed up at my door and he
said his mom dropped them off and
abandoned him so get rid of him please
hold on hold on let me just ask him a
few questions first uh hey there Jeffy I
see any shirt it says he names Jeffy so
so what's your last name yeah Fame your
last name is Jeffy so your name is Jeffy
Jeffy Jeffy yeah all right uh so so can
I get an address where do you live Jeffy
Jeffy you live on Jeffy so like can I
get a house number or something seven
seven Jeffy so so your name is Jessie
Jessie and you live on seven Jeffy seven
Jeffrey Street this is going nowhere I
know he's so dumb and he doesn't answer
me he just does dumb stuff all the time
so can you please just get rid of him
because I what what's he doing with it
oh okay what oh and then he does that
yeah I don't know why stop if I'm doing
that no I mean I look he's having a
blast he's clearly enjoying himself I
know but he's doing that in front of a
lady he needs to stop doing that knock
yourself out you know look what happens
when you call him a bad boy Jeffy you're
a bad boy
[Applause]
you're a good boy you're a good boy
you're a good boy you didn't give me a
good boy yeah yeah yes he's a loser so
get him out of my life now well see the
problem is you find yourself in kind of
a weird situation because uh you know
there's that uh find his keeper loses
weep is law what yeah so uh you know if
you find a kid you're gonna have to take
care of them until you can find his
parents but that's the law sir I've
never heard of that before well there's
nothing else they can do
I had to be dreaming I'm in a nightmare
I'm in a nightmare no wake up please
wake up please wake up blame my God
please my God
huh it was just a dream it was just a
dream it was just a really bad sucky
dream oh thank God that would suck if
that was real
huh
who's that hello hey you want to see my
pain Joe
you want to see it
hey guys I hope you enjoyed the
animation you just watched I understand
it's not a puppet video but I'm gonna
explain what's going on so a few weeks
ago I was on YouTube and I noticed there
was this guy who was animating our
entire videos like 10 minute long
animations that were Cartoon Network
quality and I said I I need these I need
these on my channel they are amazing so
I contacted the guy and I ended up
hiring him and he's going to be
animating one SML video every single
month and so he already animated three
SML movies so I bought those from him
and I'm going to be uploading them here
on this channel now the three he made
had some characters we weren't allowed
to use anymore so he reanimated them and
now they're ready to be uploaded here so
between videos because I'm going to
upload my normal three puppet videos a
week I'm gonna be uploading the
animations so if there's any old SML
videos you want to see animated just
like this one comment below what videos
you want to see animated so we're going
to do SML movie the bet we're gonna be
doing some old classic videos so if
there's any videos you want to see
animated please post a comment below his
this guy's name is Eli show him some
support he's really awesome at animating
we're also still going to be using Nick
to animate some of our animations and
Brooklyn guy's stories so Nick's not
going anywhere he's going to be doing
some short animations for us and our
normal puppet SML videos but Eli is
going to be animating our entire old SML
videos so comment below what videos you
want to see animated I love you guys
there'll be a new puppet video tomorrow