so guys what do you want to do today
well Junior there's a new episode of Dr
finle shits sometimes when I have
diarrhea I start laughing and I get the
giggle shits well let's watch it guys
hello I am Dr friedrick fleitz and today
I will tell you why the moon landing was
fake you see this photo this is
apparently a photo of us going to the
moon but if we really on the moon then
where are the stars there are a lot of
stars in space yes but there are no
stars in this photo and why is the flag
so wavy there is no wind in space and
whose Shadow is this the cameraman and
why is the moon so lit up maybe that's
because they're in a studio because they
faked the moon landing in a studio in
Hollywood you see during the Cold War we
were in a space phas with session to see
who could get to the moon first and JFK
wanted us to get to the moon first but
it was too hard so we faked it but today
I Dr fleitz are going to be the first
person to go to the moon for real you
see I have built this jetpack and using
this jetpack I will fly up to the Moon I
will dance around for a little while and
I will come home now I will go outside
to fly to the
moon okay I will now go to the Moon one
2 3 lift
off whoa Cody do you think he made it to
the moon no Junior I think he died hey
guys look I found a sleepy gig Baboo b b
babo wait Cody why was Dr anle
saying the moon landing was fake it
wasn't fake Junior we really went to the
moon but that photograph there were no
stars in the picture well that has to do
with the camera exposure Junior look
thousands of people worked on the moon
landing how would they keep that many
people quiet well because they paid them
money well really they paid them enough
money to keep them quiet their entire
lives until they died I don't know Cody
I'm just starting to think that the
moonlanding was fake because we haven't
been back in over 50 years well what if
I get an astronaut here and you can ask
him how are you going to get an
astronaut here well you see last year I
went to the Kennedy Space Center with my
mom and I slipped and fell in the
bathroom and face first into a Ural and
my mom wanted to sue so they tried to
make it up to me with this coupon for a
free lunch with an astronaut we could to
have free lunch with an astronaut yeah I
think you're supposed to have it at the
Kennedy Space Center but if I call them
I don't think they're going to argue
well then call them okay all right kid
let's just get this over with you ready
for your free lunch with an astronaut I
brought two of the saddest baln and
cheese sandwiches you will ever see I
sat on them in my car on the way here so
those are my ass cheeks and printed on
the sandwiches oh yeah and I also
brought two bottles of unbranded water
cuz NASA has no budget for food so let's
just hurry up and eat so I can get the
hell out of here well we have questions
for you well is the question is there
ketchup on the sandwiches cuz the answer
is no and no I will not cut the crusts
off so let's just hurry up and eat our
ass sandwiches you want the left cheek
or the right cheek well we have
questions about the moon landing but
what would you possibly want to know
about that we went to the Moon I mean
what else could you want to know well
people say it was fake well them
cuz it wasn't fake okay I'm an astronaut
and I say it's not fake are they
astronauts no they're not and I am so
I'm saying it's not fake well in the
footage there was no stars in space well
that's that's because the Stars hadn't
been invented yet no star Stars weren't
invented until Star Wars and that hadn't
come out so so no stars but but but but
oh geeky oh geeky so cute yeah no it
wasn't fake well no what about the the
the flag they said it waved with the
wind and there's no wind in space um
that that that was because there there
was a there was a hurricane on the moon
that day a hurricane yeah yeah yeah it
happens yeah Jupiter blew wind at the
Moon it happens all the time he was a
hurricane something's not adding up Cody
okay okay I'll tell you I'll tell you
kid something I'm not supposed to tell
you okay just okay the moon landing
that
 it
was it was
fake what do you mean it was fake yeah
it was fake fake as man why would
you fake it well don't say it that loud
but we were in a space race with the
Russians okay and we had to get to the
moon first but it was too hard so we
just faked it but wait I thought if you
looked at the moon in a telescope you
could see the lunar lander no we just
shot that at the moon it's way easier to
shoot stuff at the Moon than it is to
actually send people there I can't
believe our government would lie to us
well you kid you don't want to know what
they've lied to us about but no no no I
don't believe this I I think you're
lying uh really cuz I mean I got the
bloopers on my phone if you want to see
them yeah I want to see the bloopers
yeah okay I'm going get my phone okay I
got my phone no one in the public has
ever seen this video These are the
outtakes from them faking the
moonlanding Hollywood what if I fall
don't okay faking the moon landing take
one action that's one small step for man
one
giant what the hell is it you can't take
your mask off I know but what's the line
one giant what for mankind one giant
leap for man kind leap like a frog this
guy serious someone check the
script why would it be leap I'm not
leaping it's leap are you sure it's leap
yeah just stick to the script I wouldn't
have said leap that's just that doesn't
make sense to me but hey that's the line
faking the moon landing take 18 action
that's one small step for man one jump
 are you okay damn it I
knew this was going to happen I can't
see in that helmet why are we using a
step ladder this thing suck well we're
going to edit the ship in over it okay
faking the moon landing take
63 action that's one small step for man
one giant leap for
mankind
woo cut what what are you doing what do
you mean what am I doing I'm in the moon
you're supposed to be hopping around
hopping around oh yeah I forgot I'm
supposed to be leaping like a frog okay
faking the moon landing take 150 7
Action ribbit oh come on
Ribbit faking the moon landing take
203 action one small step for man one
giant leap for
mankind okay cut what are you doing
you're staying in the same spot you're
supposed to hop around I look like
Humpty Dumpty okay and you're keeping
that take because I am not getting back
on that goddamn ladder my knees are
killing me okay just splice it splice it
I know there's a good one in there
somewhere just splice it faking the moon
landing scene two take one
action oh boy are we on the moon we sure
are hey I wonder if it tastes like
cheese cut why didn't she have to climb
down the ladder taking the moon landing
scene two take 17 action I'm going to
get the American flag because we're
Americans suck it
Russia okay cut thank making the moon
landing scene two take 46
action hold on should it be this wavy I
feel like it shouldn't be so wavy I feel
like it should stick out like this
yeah action America we're definitely on
the moon see cuz the flag's not waving
okay cut I can see his legs damn it
faking the moon landing scene two take
105 action oh there America suck it
Russia how is it doing that it's crazy
why did you let go of it you pulled it
too hard okay I'm not doing this take
again I am so godamn tired of being on
the set this is taking forever it would
have been easier to go to the moon at
this point oh and where are the stars
huh how you going to explain that wa I
can't believe they faked it yeah they
ended up not liking the girl astronaut
so they recast her with Buzz Aldren well
I understand why you guys would fake the
moon landing back in 1969 because we
didn't have the technology to go to the
moon but now it's 2023 we do have the
technology so why don't we go to the
moon for real well I'm actually glad you
asked cuz NASA just gave me $2 billion
to go to the moon for real really yeah
and I'm looking for astronauts to go why
don't you just go no I can't not with
these no legs you got to have legs to go
to the Moon see it doesn't make sense if
I say one small step for man when I
don't have legs and I can't actually
step oh well can we really go yeah you
kids have legs you can go okay Cody you
want to go hell yeah didn't you all
right let's go okay let me get you some
space suits oh man you guys look so good
in those space suits I really wish I had
legs I'd Rock the out of those
where's my space shoot they didn't have
your size anyway you kids ready to go to
space well don't we have to do some
astronaut tests oh yeah astronaut tests
U how about you shake your heads around
really
fast you guys feel dizzy a little bit oh
well congratulations you guys are
astronauts now you passed but I get
claustrophobic oh that's not going to be
good anyway you guys ready to get in the
space shuttle what am I supposed to do
okay I'm going to be honest we really
just needed to put you in the thumbnail
sorry bud well can I press the launch
button no that's my job and Al it's
green screen and your shirt is yellow so
that's not going to look good come on
guys all right you boys ready to go to
the Moon ultimeter check oxygen levels
check I think we're ready we're
launching in 5 4 3 2 1
liftoff for junior the E4
wa that space shuttle launch is so cool
it makes me want to play with my pencil
like I did in third
grade all right kids you've successfully
left Earth's atmosphere welcome to space
waa Cody we're in space it's so
beautiful and look there's the moon oh
wait never mind that was just Ken's ask
but look there's the real moon all right
you kids will be landing on the moon in
the next 15 seconds prepare for
landing all right Cody Easy Does It Easy
Does It man that was a rough Landing
Junior yeah too rough all right kids
walk out onto the
moon whoa Cody we're on the moon it's so
cool up here Cody we're the first humans
on the moon we're going to be remembered
forever I come in peace and also in my
right hand sometimes ah an
alien where's Woody and Buzz CAU okay
guys you know I've been thinking and I
think if we're really going to fake this
moon landing we got to get rid of the
alien well the alien was your idea yeah
but it just seems kind of silly now that
I'm looking at him I mean he really is
just the alien from Toy Story the
claw yeah no more alien well what if we
make him speak in an alien voice like
beep be junior that's a robot I could
say which means give me eat e your butt
an alien yeah we're getting rid of the
alien wait why can't we just go to the
moon for real well kid I already told
you we can't afford that wait you said
we had a $20 billion budget to go back
to the Moon wait I said that no no no
not 20 billion I meant $2 million budget
and I spent all of that on this leg
transplant you got a leg transplant yeah
see there was this really short guy that
was auctioning off his legs like he's
still alive but he just didn't want his
legs anymore cuz he's too short so I got
him and now I look like a minion I can
pitter patter her everywhere I go so you
wasted our budget on those stupid little
legs well hey look I paid for the stock
footage of the Space Shuttle that was my
$400 I paid in my own pocket okay so how
about we just wrap this up and we go out
for pizza and french fries huh does that
sound good pizza and french fries I do
like pizza and french fries okay so
let's do this one more time without the
alien breaking news Okay NASA has sent
two kids to the Moon making this the
first time we've returned to the Moon in
over 50 years we have shocking footage
from the moon landing and we will be
watching that with you for the first
time wow we're on the moon
I can't believe it took us 50 years to
get back here but here we are this is
one small step for man one giant hip hip
hoay for all of us what the hell was
that Junior it's going to be the new
thing they put in the textbooks about
the people who went on the moon M was
out but no I said no alien and also that
was from Monsters Inc ra oh the
camera's dying we're just going to have
to keep that one I'll fix it and post ah
an alien oh no now that we've seen this
we're starting to think that this isn't
even real well they found out we're
broads we're screwed I told you guys no
alien that's what it was otherwise they
would have believed it well I wanted to
be in it well maybe we can tell them
it's an April Fool's Day joke it's
October yeah you're right that's
probably not going to fly what's wrong
with him he's just sad that we didn't
get to go to the Moon oh are you okay
buddy yeah no he's not okay well look
cheer up buddy look at my little legs
right you can touch him you want to
touch my little legs we don't care about
your stubby little legs you wasted our
NASA Budget on them hey I love these
little legs okay with oh I'm getting a
phone call hold on ooh it's my boss from
n I really hope he didn't see the video
hello guy what the hell did I just watch
on TV you didn't go to the Moon did you
no we we went to the moon yeah we got
attacked by an alien guy what happened
to the $20 million I gave you well I'll
be honest sir it rhymes with bort BS
bort bags what the hell you talking
about uh short legs sir I got short legs
you sprent all of our money on legs well
yes but sir you should really see them
before you get too mad they're very cute
gu I want to see you in my office
immediately okay my boss wants to see me
in his office I think he's really
excited about my
legs my boss returned my legs he said it
was illegal for me to use NASA money to
buy legs I told him that the legs were
going to make me way happier than
landing on some stupid rock in the sky
but he didn't care now I'm bummed
too well why don't we try to go to the
moon for real forget it kid it's
impossible Kim Possible she could do it
cuz her last name is possible but my
last name is God die it's so stupid
[Music]