all right Cal come on get in the blender
yeah it's time for you to die get in
there yeah you got to be a
cheeseburger oh God it's like they know
they're going to die come on get in the
blender go go
go how incredibly sad next oh a Double
Quarter powder with cheese that was a
good
cow no not another mad
cow no no no no no you're not going to
be a cheeseburger you're going in the in
generator what the hell's going on here
this cow has mad cow disease so I got to
B him no you're not you're going to make
him into a cheeseburger but people are
going to get sick I don't care Ronald
McDonald only cares about making a
profit now get in the
blender now get in the
blender no sell it Jeffy get in here I
got you McDonald's for dinner um Marvin
where's mine you're vegan oh yeah I
forgot oh dang you got me McDonald's for
dinner that's peepe daddy peee eat your
McDonald's Jeffy all right daddy usually
you give me green beans for dinner not
this
time Marvin um daddy we need to go back
to McDonald's because the [ __ ] that
worked there put a can of green beans in
the Box instead of the Double Quarter
Pounder that was
me Daddy you know I hate green beans
Jeff you have to go clean up that mess
right now H Marvin where's his Double
Quarter Pounder with cheese I ate it I'm
going to eat the Big Mac too Marvin give
him the Big Mac but I'm so hungry that's
not fair Marvin give him the Big Mac all
right Jeffy eat the Big Mac all right oh
that looks good
dad damn Jeff you ate that fast was it
good it [ __ ] sucked what Jeffy calm
down what's wrong with you I'm [ __ ]
pissed Morin his eyes are all red is
something wrong with
him it's Jeffy there's always something
wrong with
him Jeffy use your words what's wrong
[ __ ] you [ __ ] cheffy go to your
room he he must have cracked out on all
the sugar from the
McDonald's Marvin do you hear that noise
it's Jeffy let's go check on
him Jeffy what are you doing Jeffy stop
it [ __ ] this wall Jeffy come here
hold still Jeffy let me go milk my
little letters okay I just put Jeffy in
a straight jacket I'm going to call a
doctor to find out what's going on I
hope jeffy's okay hey there somebody
call it excuse me I was speaking how
incredibly rude you know what I'm going
to leave no no no no we need your help
but he shouted at me that's why we
called you he won't stop shouting well
maybe he's just rude no look how mad his
eyes are oh yeah he does have very mad
red eyes you know I haven't seen eyes
that mad since mad eyes
McGee
mad eyes McGee yeah he's this guy I went
to high school with who had very mad
eyes do you want to know why his eyes
were so mad can you explain it really
quick no no no I have to explain it with
this lovely little animation so come on
relax grab a drink go on this journey
with me so when I was in high school
there was this guy named mad eyes McGee
whose eyes were always mad everyone in
school always wondered why his eyes were
so mad no matter what he did he was mad
we went to the water park mad we got ice
cream mad he got all A's on his report
card mad he met the Pope mad won the
Sweet Life with Zack and Cody goer Cruz
and met Zack and Cody and Mr Mosby mad
found out in 1991 Mr Mosby killed
someone in a DUI accident because his
blood alcohol content was three times
the legal limit and he was sentenced to
5 years in jail but got out and won
because he was good at acting that's
true look it up but that made him mad he
asked a girl out and she said yes mad he
won prom King mad he won the high school
football championship mad for his 16th
birthday his parents got him a
Mercedes-Benz G wagon and guess what mad
nothing seemed to make this dude happy
and I just couldn't take it anymore so
one day I asked him mad eyes McGee why
are you so mad and it turned out he had
a stick up his ass not like the saying
either I I mean like an actual stick up
his ass just stuck up there so he
wouldn't let anyone take it out so me
and my friends got an idea we decided to
play tug-of warar and I stood behind him
and when it was time to pull I didn't
pull the Rope I pulled the stick out of
his ass but when it came out it ruptured
his colon and he had to get a colostomy
bag then he was really mad eyes McGee
man I just feel bad for making him have
to poop in a bag for the rest of his
life I just thought if I pulled the
stick out of his ass it might make him
happier I guess I should have just left
it up there anyway you think your son
might have a stick up his ass you can
check okay hemorrhoids well I don't see
the stick but I do see the hemorrhoids
okay so what's making him so mad well
what was he doing before he got mad he
was eating McDonald's I don't know what
well you're telling me those french
fries are cold I've been eyeing them and
I didn't have dinner you can have one
okay let's try that out ew it's all cold
and Squishy icky okay why is he mad well
what was he eating for McDonald's a
cheeseburger oh no he could have mad cow
disease how do you get mad cow disease
from eating meat from a cow with mad cow
disease okay so what makes you think he
has mad cow disease well he has mad eyes
like a mad cow would have move and he
just moved is there a cure the only cure
I can think of is if he ate meat from a
very Happy Cow a cow so happy that it's
happy meat somehow overpowered all the
Mad meat well go get a Happy Cow okay
but first I have to go tell the news to
make sure nobody else eats McDonald's
and gets
infected breaking news m do not eat at
McDonald's there is a case of mad cow
disease from someone who ate at their
restaurant eat somewhere else instead
until they can get the disease under
[Music]
control who the [ __ ] is calling me hello
what do you want to try to sleep hey
Ronald it's me Steve Steve baby what's
going on Steve hey Steve you try to hit
the strip club stripper Steve big old
big stripper titties your face Steve not
Bo as [ __ ] Steve no Ronald we're in very
serious trouble what did somebody let
grib us out of his cage again no okay
well is the Burger King making some
[ __ ] commercial saying his food is
better than M Ste no okay we startop
flapping your lips Steve cuz I'm
starting to get impatient well
apparently we sold somebody a burger
that was infected with mad cow disease
okay give him a refund well Ronald I
think this is more serious than a refund
okay then right him with check for like
$2 million or some [ __ ] settle out of
the court of [ __ ] Steve you know how we
do it baby we'll be back in 15 minutes
or less but Ronald more people are going
to get sick hey hey Steve Steve Steve
you remember that stupid ass dumb ass
old lady that spilled coffee on herself
and then tried to settle out of court so
we did the same thing Steve I'm starting
to think we should put a warning label
on the french fries so people know the
salty Steve even a 2-year-old knows the
copy is on Steve yes I understand that
Ronald but the FDA is breathing down on
next Steve don't talk to me about the
DEA I did all the coke last night that
got not going to fight [ __ ] on me no no
Ronald the FDA the Food and Drug
Administration oh those [ __ ] you
know what Steve I got a genius idea I'm
going to hold an emergency press
conference and I'm going to tell people
it's like May MC che's birthday or some
[ __ ] and gave him free McFlurries for
whole ass day I'm going to see people
walking down the streets double fisting
MC flurries they're going to have so
much ice cream in their stomachs they're
just going to [ __ ] the Mad Calas out
their ass Steve Ronald I don't think you
should be giving a press conference
Steve when's the last time I said
something bad my wife's funeral Steve
all I said was rest in peace you stupid
dumbass bimbo gold digging [ __ ] hole
thanks Ronald but hey but seriously God
bless us all or some [ __ ] okay Ronald I
just don't think you're fit to be
speaking to the public Steve I'm so baby
listen no one's better fit to speak to
the public than
me hey I'm not shaving though but hey
you'll see me on TV I'll talk to you
later
baby let's do this
[ __ ] freaking news M Ronald McDonald is
holding an emergency press conference
about the mad cow disease outbreak let's
go to that now all right let's get this
[ __ ] over with hey hey hey hey hey calm
down on a flash photography I'm hung
over his [ __ ] seriously it's $5 a photo
and I will come by after to collect my
money I'm just kidding I'm playing I'm
playing it's $6 a photo and seriously I
will beat your ass if you don't pay me
after this so I heard that some [ __ ]
kid got mad pig disease or some [ __ ]
from eating my the delicious nutritious
food and I got one thing to say to him
hey kid guess whose birthday it is May
MC cheese and because of his birthday
I'm going to give away free Mc flurries
for the day and today only hey [ __ ]
you think you got enough pictures you
tough guy huh piece of [ __ ] where was I
uh yeah two limited two MC flurries per
person today only I want everyone double
fisting that [ __ ] I want hashtag on your
Instagram # I love Maya MC cheese happy
birthday and also # Fu Burg King your
boot sucks dick that's right I know
you're watching this Burger King and if
my food has mad cow disease then your
chicken nuggets are made from the woan
bat and your waer is made from the
bubonic play you piece of [ __ ] F you
turn off the TV [ __ ]
oh Ronald okay I found a cow oh my God
Marvin he's so cute who's a good little
cow oh my God Marin I love him can we
keep him forever no we got to kill him
so Jeffy can eat him what no baby we
have to no if you're going to cry you
need to
leave so how do we make the Cow happy
well I could jerk them off I don't think
you have to do that you're right that
should be our last resort okay cow sit
back I'm going to give you a cdy show
moo yeah okay so how do you count cows
with a
calculator yeah you like that one okay
how about this one what do you call a
cow with no legs ground
beef oh no okay how about this one
what's black and white and red all over
moo you when you cheer up cuz we're
going to kill you boo oh no no you
didn't like that one either okay okay
how about how about this why do cows
have hooves instead of feet cuzz they
lact
toes yeah good okay he's happy quick
Jeffy eat him quick swallow before he
gets
sad D look I'm happy again I knew that
happy cow meat would overpower the mad
cow meat looks like my work here is done
hey there I'm Steve stalberger here on
behalf of McDonald's McDonalds we were
going to sue you guys because my son got
mad cow as ease from eating your burger
Well we'd like to settle out of courp oh
Jeffy you about to get a huge payday I'm
talking Millions
$100 that's it yeah people are pretty
distracted by those two free McFlurries
they're deep throat that [ __ ] left and
right so here you go well I'm the one
who suffered so this is
[Music]
mine