everybody in the house get in here what
do you want Bowser yeah dad do you see
this donut right here
I don't know we had doughnuts Junior go
interrupt me I was explaining something
cop sorry dad okay beefeaters donut
right here yeah this is my very last
donut I don't want anybody to touch it
cuz I'm going to eat it well why don't
you eat it right now okay God look I
don't want anyone to touch this this is
my very last donut so I wanted to still
be here when I'm ready to eat it okay
okay
Oh chef peepee I think I would eat that
doughnut Junior did you not just hear
your dad that's the last donut he does
not want you to eat it he ate the whole
box there's only one luck factor did you
share and I think my Kevin telling us
not to eat it he secretly wants us to
eat it you know what that's some
brilliant logic right there Junior
I can't even argue okay then I mean it
but only if you want to get grounded
grounded yes you're going to get in
trouble oh okay fine chef peepee I won't
eat the donut I'll just hang out with
you all day what you want to play video
games checkers
Julian what about this pink icing whoo I
wonder what it tastes like me too is it
strawberry strawberry candy oh maybe
it's bubblegum junior can't make it
tastes like bubblegum we don't know to
here we can't be for sure Oh mystery
dude I'm gonna try it probably you know
do you you can't try it that's your
dad's last all night well I wonder what
taste like look at that yellow icing
they would not put mustard on a donut
Junior we can't be for sure right now
huh
we can't try it I want to try it so bad
okay chubby should I try it yes or no
Junior I'm not gonna say yes and I'm not
going to say no I'm just gonna say live
your life baby live your life if you'll
beautiful life oh you know what here's a
napkin just in case you make a mess okay
I feel you chef peepee I'll live my life
all there my beautiful life
now I'll give the lay back and watch the
world fall apart
70 70 I do what you said I live my life
and I ate the donut and the ice encased
like strawberry not bubblegum and that
yellow stuff was not mustard it was like
lemon flavored icing beautiful oh you
beautiful idiot what are you gonna do
your dad finds out well hopefully you
won't find out let's go see where did
that one what do you think you found out
about the donut yes yeah dad someone ate
my donut I told you I want to eat the
last donut so you're gonna tell me who
actually ate it well about sir I think
you know who actually ate your doughnut
Chevy while your neck twitching Jew you
did you eat my donut no okay so you both
wanna lie to me right now okay I want
you both a puke right in front of me so
I can see the donut chunks in your view
well I'm not going to puke right in
front of you there's pink icing on
Julia's face and this pink icing weirdo
that but so it's all together I didn't
do it to your did it well yes Nick chef
people okay so you did it junior no I
did not eat your doughnut dad you know
what I'll never find out who ate my
candy flavored oh you don't need them
you're gonna be in this room and I
better not see you leave it at all okay
leave the room no toys no phone I just
stabbed my stupid bro
what's that sound hey Joseph the window
did you climb yeah dude I climb here all
the time to watch you sleep Oh what are
you doing here dude I wanna hang out oh
I can't hang out Joseph's ungrounded my
dad took my phone all my toys he said I
have to stay in my room
no that's jux No hey do you want to
sneak out what sneak out
yeah dude is going Dean Dawg did some
I'm so fun but I'm grounded if my dad
sees me out of my room I'll be super
grounded but I don't think so come check
on me yeah all my stick yeah let's go
hang out good job Joseph here's your
cash it's Julie's dad what's going on I
paid your friend to see if you were
gonna sneak out you're dead now you're
more grounded Junior do this dude I
needed the cash I haven't eaten in weeks
oh sorry dude oh come on now it's time
to go back in the house Oh Julie I don't
even know what I'm gonna do with you now
I'm taking your boat I take your toys
that you still want to get in trouble
you know what there's only one thing I
can take now what is that yeah what get
out of your room I'm taking your room my
room yeah I need this room now get out
but you already have a room Junior what
am I gonna sleep guys sleep on the couch
where loser sleep like set peepee well
you're not gonna sleep in your bed it's
my bed now loser I actually like this
bit one took away my phone he took away
my toys mm-hmm they kicked me out of my
room
ooh that's new on the couch with you no
way you can't sleep on the couch with me
there's three other couches sleep on the
red one well I would well my dad said I
have to sleep on the couch with you and
I like to cuddle no no there's no
cuddling to hear I'm laying here by
myself well my dad said I have to sleep
on the couch with you and I'm gonna
listen to what my dad said so I'm sleep
on the couch on whatever you sleep on
look just don't look at me hmm I want
some cover guess I'm sleeping without
covers tonight um chef peepee
oh um can you read me a bedtime story no
no I'm not reading you a bedtime story
do you shut up
um chef peepee Junior what what if stars
don't exist what if they're just air
planes that got sucked in the air
because they ran out of gas you know
what I'm gonna talk to your dad I can't
do this Bowser jr. said that you
grounded him took his room and now he
has to sleep on the couch with me well
yeah was that the change Bowser his son
is annoying in exactly I can't sleep
with them well I'm not giving him his
room back hold Belzer can I have this
rule then no I like this room well can I
have your old room no I like that room
too oh come on Bowser this isn't fair
well chef peepee it looks like you just
want your own bed so if you can make
sure that you watch Junior and he
doesn't escape out of his room I can't
make sure you get a bed sounds like a
deal okay that's a deal then it looks
like I'm about to get my own bed Junior
you're getting your own bed and not me
mm-hmm why it's because I've been a good
boy and I don't eat other people's
doughnuts and go sneaking out of the
house let me teach you something you
can't be sneaking outside of the house
you don't know what's dangerous out
there
anything could be waiting on you what
what Oh Godzilla could pop up and eat
you I thought he was in Japan well he
comes to Florida all the time on
vacation he does mm-hmm or the
earthquake could open up and you fall in
a hole because you've stayed here
forever
oh I don't want that to happen yeah so
you better not sneak out ever again I
want you to see it come on okay all
right guys here's your new bed well you
got one it's the bug bump with the pink
sheets cuz you why like a little girl
no Bowser I'm not sleeping in the same
room with jr. oh yes you are look we
agreed as long as you watch Junior and
make sure he doesn't sneak out then I
will get you a bed and I got you one so
be grateful a lot of people have to
sleep on couches Oh
oh come on Shep maybe the coolest bet
ever oh my god Thomas I love it chef
baby don't you love it oh kill me please
right now Lee are so high up Oh
chef peepee can I touch the ceiling fan
you know what go for it Junior go for it
Go Go okay before I touch it I'm gonna
throw this ball at it out of here and
sweaty oh my god should be so cool don't
you love that we're sharing a bed
together huh well anyway good night chef
baby I'll see you in the morning
good night Junior Oh Chevy um I forgot
Junior okay this bed is so sweet
jumping on the bed
what well I jumped on the bed it's dark
- you're go to sleep please okay go to
sleep
hey chef peepee I love you okay we'll
work on that
[Music]