so guys what do you want to do tonight
oh dude let's don't watch that cars no
joseph you idiot it's dark outside how
would we even see the cars they have
headlights dude well that's more of a
morning activity but i always sleep in
i'ma miss it well you have to get up
pretty early in the morning if you want
to throw rocks at cars oh fine so guys
what do you want to do at night since
it's dark
i know i know we should watch a scary
movie and then whenever i get scared you
can hold me and then kiss me and then
caress me and then just kind of see
where it goes from there man i think we
should just turn on the tv and see if we
can find something fun to watch okay
hey there do you love french fries well
a new mcdonald's location is opening up
and if you're the first customer in line
you can win free french fries for a year
whoa
free french fries for a year dude that's
a lot of fries i'm homeless in a feeding
for like a whole year guys that's guys
we should totally go to mcdonald's right
now to guarantee we're the first people
in line oh yeah dude let's totally do it
cody you coming with us no why come on
dude i just don't really like french
fries that much oh my god cody are you
literally the lamest person i've ever
met i think so dude are you dr lame in
the flesh cody why don't you want to
wait lie with us well it just doesn't
seem worth it to wait in line for hours
just for french fries it doesn't seem
worth it cody we could make so much
money from this listen listen what are
french fries made out of potatoes what
are mashed potatoes made out of potatoes
what are baked potatoes made out of
potatoes so we can go to mcdonald's get
our french fries right our free french
fries and then we can go turn them into
baked potatoes and sell them you can't
bake fried potatoes oh okay cody the
five we will go to mcdonald's every day
and get a hundred free orders of french
fries and we'll go around driving around
and we'll sell them but no one's gonna
want to buy cold french fries from your
car well we'll turn the heater on well
they're still going to be stale and
gross no one's going to want them cody
will literally be a mcdonald's on wheels
yeah a mcdonald's that only sells french
fries and nothing else well that's the
only thing people want is french fry
that's why they give them about for a
year yeah it's not like they're a burger
place or anything okay come on cody at
least come stand in line with us okay
look i'll tell you what i will stand in
line with you but as soon as i get bored
i'm going home so what are the odds that
you like stay the whole time zero
percent that's not happening i like that
percent yeah the odds are in our favor
dude all right guys let's go to
mcdonald's let's
go i can't believe it we're first in
line at mcdonald's oh dude i can't
believe it either we're actually first i
can't believe it really you can't
believe we're the first people to wait
in line all night just to get french
fries cody stop being a pout pal fish
yes sour coward what the hell are you
talking about cody you're being all sad
and mopey do you not understand we're
gonna get free french fries for a year
365 days dude yeah that's enough fries
to fix your eyes fries that'll tie your
tie fries that'll stop your cries fries
that'll keep you from being shy
was close dude really guys is this what
we're gonna do for eight hours just make
fry rhymes okay how about we play eye
spy i spy with my little eye he's
wearing glasses he's a dork he's ugly
okay you know what i didn't even want to
come here you're right it was you oh
he's good okay fine you know what i have
one i spy with my little eye a colossal
waste of my time your life what no no
okay i have another one i spy two idiots
who are wasting their night just to wait
for french fries oh that's us oh he's
good yeah that's right you win okay oh
wait joseph what stand right here why
dude i want to be first no no no i want
to be first no no it was my idea so i'm
going to be first no i was first first
no no i want to be honest
get where you belong wait what do you
mean by that dude huh because it was my
idea so you got to be right there no you
white people always think you're better
than that no no it's my idea of french
fries okay you don't even want french
fries you know what screw your fries i'm
out of here dude oh good leave i don't
want you here anyway
now you what don't you dare try to skip
me i'm not going to skip you i don't
care are you sure yes don't you try it
i'm not going to try it i have the high
ground i don't care what
how much longer do we have to wait about
eight hours damn yeah damn i know eight
hours yeah i'm starting to get tired you
want to go home no we need to be first
in line to get the fries
i'm not yawning i'm just
oh my phone's ringing i don't hear
anything it's on silent then how did you
hear it uh hold on cody chef peepee's
calling me i have to answer it it might
be an emergency hello chef pee pee yeah
it's me junior what's wrong you sound
upset
what what what why are you yelling you
need me to go home right now but but i'm
at the mcdonald's waiting in line with
cody and uh really right now
okay let me tell cody
jesus i hope you have apple care oh look
cody i have to go home right now but why
because chef pee pee needs me to clean
the entire kitchen because i spill apple
juice everywhere junior if you're
leaving i'm leaving no no you have to
hold our spot in line someone might take
it junior no one's gonna take it look
around there's no one for miles well
there might be a guy in that bush over
there and as soon as we leave our spot
he's gonna come take our spot in line
and then he can get all the free french
fries junior i'm pretty sure nobody else
even knows about this damn french fry
deal look cody just take just hold just
wait right here for five minutes if i'm
not back in five minutes you can leave
really no no no i need you to wait the
whole time but look just give me an hour
or two an hour two jesus junior did you
spell a whole orchard's worth of apple
juice what's an orchard it's where they
grow apples what what yeah that's what
look just make it quick okay okay just
wait here do not leave don't leave the
spot in line i'll be right back okay
just just wait right here don't leave no
matter what even if sometimes take a
spot don't leave
hurry up
where the hell is he
come on junior it's been hours okay you
know what i'm gonna call him
come on junior answer hello
junior huh what did junior wait what are
you doing
are you cody yes where are you is it
french fry time what no it's not french
fry time well then why are you calling
me because i don't know where you are
you were supposed to be back hours ago
oh i'm uh i
uh i'm still cleaning the orange juice
wait wait a minute earlier you said it
was apple juice huh when you said you
had a mesto clean you said it was apple
juice oh yeah it's both what what yeah
it was um it was
it was apple juice orange juice grape
juice it was always a bunch of fruit
juices
junior what what cody what do you want
from me where where where are you i'm
i'm i'm cleaning up the mess well hurry
up and come back okay just give me a few
minutes to get up from the ground
because i've been wiping up the juices
so much with napkins hold on speaking of
napkins
yeah baby can you get me more napkins
junior you you too cold enough because
you know we can't afford napkins
junior that's the worst chef pee pee
impression i've ever heard what are you
talking about chef pee pee listen cody
listen i'm let me just get up
okay
why do you keep saying i'm tired from
cleaning and i took a quick a quick nap
on the floor and now i'm on my way i'm
on my way do not leave the spot okay i'm
on my way right now i'm getting look i'm
running
you don't sound like you're running
i'm out of breath
junior huh junior i'm in the car
you're not in the car i'm going through
a tunnel there are no tunnels on the way
here
junior
junior
hey cody how you feeling i think i'm
dying man i had the best leave my life
in my nice warm bed yeah i bet you did
what's wrong with you i've been standing
here for 12 hours junior i'm exhausted
no one tried to skip you right no no one
else cares no one else is even in line
can you please just take my spot so i
can go home but i really have to go pee
well why didn't you just go at your
house because i have to go then look i'm
gonna go pee in that bush over there why
can't you just wait for them to open and
then you can use their bathroom when are
they gonna open any minute now look i'm
gonna go pee in the bush just wait right
here you've been waiting all night you
can wait one more second just hurry up
congratulations boy you're the first one
at mcdonald's
me no no no actually my friend junior
over there peeing in the bush he was
actually first well you're the only one
here so you get free french fries for a
year but no junior was actually first
well get a picture with me boy come here
this boy loves his mcdonald's i don't
actually like it that much well cody you
stole my favorite dress for a year no
junior i tried to tell him that why are
you thief you think you studied just so
you can get the french fries you knew
how much this meant to me junior i don't
even want your damn french fries we're
not friends anymore fatty what junior
come on well boy how does it feel to get
all those french fries you know what it
actually feels pretty good i want the
fries now god i hate cody so much some
friend junior you're being ridiculous
cody go away i hate you why because i
waited 12 hours in line for you to get
your stupid fries no because you took my
spot so you could be the first customer
i didn't take your spot you had to use
the bathroom you made me have to use the
bathroom how you put some weird voodoo
witchcraft spell on my bladder that made
me had to go pee at bad times what
junior do you even hear yourself you
sound insane cody you took my spot and
you took my french fries look i don't
even want the fries take the stupid car
no i didn't earn them but yeah we all
know that i'm the one who waited 12
hours in line you take that back what
what are you talking about that's just a
fact you know i couldn't wait in line
chef pee pee needed me to clean the
whole house okay i know that's [ __ ]
what would chef people tell you i wasn't
actually cleaning but no he didn't have
to oh cody listen i don't want those
stupid dump fries cause you stole it
from me and i want to be able to call
you a thief okay fine then i'll just
take the one free medium fry a week for
myself what oh you didn't know you don't
get unlimited fries for a year you only
get one free medium fry a week for one
year so it's not all you can eat french
fries nope that's gay yeah i know but
that's what you get and i'm gonna take
it well no actually i i want the phone
no no no no you said you didn't want the
card so now i'm gonna take it but it's
only one free medium fry you might as
well just let me have it no and it's
gonna be the one best free medium fry in
my goddamn life well cody god i hate you
hey there is this your friend that's
joseph yeah i caught him throwing rocks
at cars
specifically my car while yelling take
that you stupid pig and f12 joseph duda
told you i was gonna do it yeah i'm just
gonna let him off with a warning this
time i'm in a good mood stupid big okay
i'm gonna pretend i didn't hear that did
you get your fries dude no cody stole
him from me what yeah yeah me and cody
were waiting in line at mcdonald's for
the french fries and cody was like i
want to go home i didn't want to stand
here anymore and i said cody calm down
i'm about to get my french fries and
then out of nowhere i start hearing me
it was a baby kitten in the middle of
the road and there were cars coming so i
said cody wait right here i'm gonna go
save this kitten and i ran and cody was
like no don't save the kitten let it die
and i said i'm not gonna let this kid
die so i go in the middle of the road i
grab the kitten i dodge a semi-truck i
dodge another truck
and i jump and i toss the kitten into a
pile of feathers and then and the kitten
survives and then i get back in line and
cody had stolen my french fries they
thought he was the first customer what a
conniving little bastard he is yeah
cody's something friend huh hey guys
check out my free medium fry for the
week and i didn't even have to pay for
it you know cause it's free you kidding
what what's he talking about cody how's
your medium fry oh they're so good hold
on let me just get one
oh yummy fries oh was it worth the life
of a kitten though but what i don't
understand this kitten thing somebody
needs to explain that just worry about
your stupid french fries cody yeah why
did you only get one though oh you
didn't tell him oh you don't get
unlimited fries you only get one medium
fry a week for a year wait you can't get
all the fries you want nope huh okay
yeah that's what junior said yeah just
don't worry about your stupid fries cody
we don't want to be your friend anymore
okay fine i'll eat my fries and i'll see
you guys next week with my next free
medium fry oh i hate cody so much yeah i
do too
okay joseph what lego set should we
build now um i'm not sure dude hey guys
whoa that's sick cody what lego set
should we build uh this one the pod
racer now this is pod racing
you remember he says that in the movie
wait i'm confused that's anakin
skywalker yeah and that's padme and they
get married yeah but he's a little kid
yeah i know it's weird she's a grown
woman yeah it's pretty messed up how
does that work i i don't know it's kind
of gross wait where's your free fry i
thought it was friday oh it is but i
decided to give my free fries this week
to my hot date kim no it's someone else
get in here hey guys what penelope i
thought you were dating ken oh i am but
what i can't take penelope on a free
medium french fry date cody's getting me
free french fries medium french fries
can i get a drink too
no i didn't get free medium drinks every
week for a year but what if my mouth
gets dry well you can quench your thirst
with a free medium french fry okay
you're so lame cody yeah well that may
be true but i have free medium french
fries for a year come on babe let's go
let's go with this one
okay joseph what game do you want to
play the oregon trail or cubert um let's
see what oregon's talking about hey guys
happy friday you're not getting tired of
french fries cody oh no junior how could
i possibly get tired of these delicious
free medium french fries you can't hate
it when it's free can i have one sure
just for one dollar per fry what one
dollar per fry why well cause i'm
selling them like you said i'm starting
my own potato company or whatever that
only works if you have unlimited french
fries well it's kind of like having
unlimited except i only get one medium a
week for a year but that's still a lot
of french fries well i'm not gonna buy
your stupid french fries cody why don't
you just try to redeem them all at once
i don't think they'd let me do that wait
would they let me do that hold on i'm
gonna i'm gonna try that
i'll play cuber
this stupid packaging joseph i can't
open it yeah me either dude hey guys did
you get all the french fries no they
told me to read the card and the card
says one free medium order of fries
every week up to a year so i just gotta
take it one week at a time they wouldn't
let you get all the fries just right now
nope so i'm just gonna have to have one
box of medium free fries every week
you're really gonna get it every single
week yes i am every week i'm gonna have
a box of fries at least once a week no
really i'm really gonna do that every
single week i'm gonna have a box of
fries with me and if you don't see me
with a box of fries at least once a week
then you can yell and scream in the
comments and be mad at us but i'm gonna
do it i'm really gonna do it yeah we'll
see cody
[Music]