so guys what do you want to do today
dude we should play cops and robbers
that would be so fun yeah we could tie
Ken up as a hostage and spank him we're
playing cops and robbers Cody yeah we're
not doing that no one's getting spanked
you guys take the fun out of everything
I want to be a robber me do I guess I'll
be a cop I totally thought you want to
be a robber Joseph why is it because I'm
black huh I can't be a good guy like a
cop no no I just thought you wanted to
be a robber since you you like to steal
things yeah you know you know I like to
be
but it's not because I'm black okay so
now we need someone to be the cop Cody
you got to be the cop no I want to be a
robber so I can tighten up and spank him
we all can't be robbers Cody you have to
be the cop but what reason would a cop
possibly have to spank someone well
maybe you're interrogating Ken because
you think he's a robber so you expect
him to get answers out of him no that
would be a total abuse of my power I'd
get fired it works much better if I'm a
robber okay so for all robbers then
who's gonna be the cop uh you can ask
Chef he need to be a cop he'd love to
play yeah yeah baby oh what do you want
junior we're playing cops and robbers we
need to be the cop I'm not gonna be
gonna beat the chef he's the cop hey
wait you said he wasn't playing he's
totally just joking around he's totally
gonna be the cop he's gonna go put
uniform on right now okay okay so uh
Cody me Joseph and Jeffy are gonna be
the robbers and we need you to be the
hostage wait wait wait I thought I was a
robin no you and Katie got to be
hostages you want to get spanked right
yes very much okay so you're gonna be
the teller at the bank we're gonna come
rob you and we're gonna kidnap you and
Ken as a hostage okay okay all right
let's go be robbers guys
[Applause]
all right guys we're gonna bust into
this Bank put a gun to the teller's head
and say put all the money in the
bag you're gonna die today yeah then put
a bullet straight between their eyes no
no no we're not we're not killing anyone
Joseph no no we have to kill a hostage
just to show them we're not playing well
no no no we're gonna grab two hostages
and we're not gonna kill them unless we
have to you know it's cops and robbers
not cops and murderers
it huh if we're not gonna hurt anybody
just in case we have to in case the cops
come listen Joseph we're not sure I
really think we should hurt somebody
we're not hurting anyone listen I'm
gonna bust the door down we're gonna Rob
this Bank okay okay
damn what's the door made out of
cardboard I hurt my shoulder okay
I'm sorry sir it doesn't matter how much
you flex your muscles at me it's Bank
policy no shirt no service everyone on
the ground there's a sticker oh my God a
robbery I'm calling the cops again
no you're only supposed to spank you
what to kill him Joseph Duty was asking
for it and we gotta show them we're not
playing we ain't playing 9-1-1 what's
your emergency put the gas in the back
right now in no funny business no
die packs no silent alarms or you want
to get a bullet in your head you got
that yes I understand oh my God man
we're on our way yeah put the cash in
the back right now right now JT
Wentworth 877 cash now hold on put the
money go hurry up hurry up right now you
can have the money just please don't
spank me
just spank them dude
oh no don't spank me oh no I'm not doing
anymore oh come on one more
the alarm's going on
make sure she doesn't talk I got you
Junior say a word say a single word and
I'll blow your brain down you'll never
see your family again
I just got a call we got a code black an
armed robbery in progress did they take
any hostages well they killed one and
they took another one Jesus officer
sermons yes sir assemble the Avengers
I'm sorry I said but the Avengers aren't
real damn well at least get me Iron Man
he's dead sir I'm not caught up on the
movies okay look you two are my only
officer so how are we gonna find these
robbers well I guess I could track the
hostage's phone maybe we could find
their Hideout that way God I want you to
find these robbers and kill them kill
them sir you don't want us just to
arrest them no I don't want to waste
taxpayer money on these bozos I want
them dead I want their families dared I
want their house burned to the ground oh
oh okay sir
what are you two still doing here get
out go okay okay we made it back to the
house did the cops follow us no dude no
one followed us we're safe let's start
counting that cash yeah let's count this
cash what do we do with the hostage oh
dude we should kill it right now no no
what if the cops come we need a hostage
dude we're safe and sound the cops
aren't showing up here boys boys
whatever you do don't have your way with
me yeah shoot it right now dude I'm a
shooter no no no no no listen you
already have so many charges what's one
more and besides if you guys go to
prison you'll never see a woman ever
again
oh my God the cops are here dude I'm not
going to jail I can't go down like this
hey not yet we're busy let's go to the
cops and let's tell them we have a
hostage if they try anything funny we'll
blow our brains out okay dude let's go
let's go come on we have the place
around it come out with your hands up or
you will be shot I thought the boss
wanted us to kill him I know but I'm
trying to get them out here so we can
shoot him we're not playing around come
on out here man Chevy is really into his
cop character yeah dude uh junior that
doesn't sound like Chef peepee's voice
it's show people's cop boy she never
heard of before bro he deserves an Oscar
ooh Joseph you should go out there and
shoot at Chef PeePee oh I like that idea
wish me luck dude
all right
junior did Joseph really just get shot
no Cody we're playing for 10 cops and
robbers Chevy doesn't really have a gun
that's that's clearly just sound effects
he's using out loud and he doesn't have
a real gun it's just Chef PeePee you
know we're just playing a game Cody man
Chef peepee's going pretty hard we
killed your friend just come out now and
you'll be dead too uh junior I'm
starting to think those are really cops
and they really just shot Joseph Cody
just because Chef is going extra hard
for his role and you're not even trying
don't say anything but not even trying
Junior you're the one who didn't want to
spank me or have your way with me I'm
obviously a hostage that has Stockholm
syndrome now bang me what are you breast
healing about in here Chef what are you
doing inside the house you're supposed
to be out there being the cops I told
you I'm not playing that stupid game
with you wait a minute if you're in here
then that means oh wait shut everybody
so you're not the cops outside right now
wait the cops are outside but what are
they doing here well that's supposed to
be you I thought that was you I was in
the kitchen the whole time but that
means
wait wait we were playing cops and
robbers Cody how'd the cops get called
well maybe when I was pretending to die
on 9-1-1 during the robbery I actually
called them oh no I need your help dude
the cops actually think we're real
robbers right now can you tell them
we're not all right press I can help you
out it's just a misunderstanding I can
talk to them okay thank you all right Mr
officers it's just a misunderstanding
I'm sorry
oh what are we gonna do me just died
I'll go talk to him
they do not want to talk to us they're
just trying to kill us they think we're
real robbers okay we have to go upstairs
right now let's go all right we killed
another one of your friends you want to
come out here and make it three I don't
think they're gonna fall for it a third
time mate yeah you're right but listen
there can't be that many more left I
mean it's gonna be like one right yeah
you just want to bust in there and two
of you want them yeah I think we can
take them yeah it's no building and all
I got is a blue pistol yeah we're not
noobs all right hold on let me go grab
my gun out of the car oh guys what are
we gonna do well I'm the hostage so I'm
good I'm just gonna sit back and eat my
free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week for a year
which I mean we have to get all these
rubber outfits because that's how
they're gonna wear the robbers good
thing and Junior and what about the
money what about it when you're rich
like this you don't take the forecast
every day it's gonna rain we'll get to
get rid of the money because if they see
the money they're gonna know where the
robber so Jeffy you hide the money and
get out of your outfit okay all right
where the hell is my gun what
no it's not in date where the hell is it
come on all right mate what's taking you
so long I have
I have no where the hell it is well did
you take the glove compartment
pick the glove compartment what did you
check underneath your seat yes I checked
underneath the seat all I found was
these stupid leftover cheese curds and
man I'm actually getting pretty hungry
well mate you can eat the cheese curds
after we kill these guys come on I don't
know Simmons I don't think I can kill
these guys without some cheese curds in
my belly oh you're probably right enjoy
your curds mate thank you I will okay we
took the robber outfits off now we don't
look like robbers where'd you do with
the money I put it in the offshore bank
account so no one can track it okay good
so now we should go out there and tell
the cops that we're not the robbers and
they'll let us go well they shot Chef
Pee Pee and he wasn't dressed like a
robber you're right they did everybody
he was just a chef outfit okay how do we
get him not to shoot us well you guys
get dressed up like girls then they
think you were hostages oh Jeffy we have
to dress up like girls like Cody and
they'll think we're hostage is a good
idea yeah
let's go dress up like girls man those
cheese curds were delicious there's my
gun
that's what I found oh you
you're from good coal on eating those
kids yeah let's go kill these guys yeah
come on okay me and Jeffy are dressed up
like female hostages so we're gonna get
saved We're not gonna get shot like
Joseph or Chef PeePee hey you guys want
to see a tough muff
that's pretty tough that's a power move
yeah I showed label on the first date so
look now that we're girls no one's gonna
kill us and they're definitely gonna
save me first because I'm the hottest
wait no no no I think we can all agree
I'm the hottest no you look like a nerdy
librarian well yeah guys have nerdy girl
Kings no guys go for hot blondes that's
why I'm a Blonde you look like Joe Dirt
you look like you don't wash yourself
you look like you have a hairy butthole
guilty as change you look like you take
up the rum guilty as charged listen
They're Gonna Save Me first because I'm
the hot blonde no I'm the hottest well
what do I look like you look like a
scary girl who died in a horror movie
because she fell into a well facts all
right look let's just sit here and when
the cops get here we'll ask them who
they think is the hottest okay
all right Simmons you ready yeah let's
go okay go go
go go go go go go careful Simmons they
could be anywhere come on out
I think the hostages are in here ladies
you okay older okay well we're doing
really good well where are the robbers
are they still here uh well there were
only two robbers and I think you already
killed them well you hear that Simmons
they're only two robbers and we killed
them oh the boss will be happy about
that but yeah I think our work here is
done I mean you ladies are sure you're
okay yeah we're okay I got a wicked
camel toe okay well I mean I guess we
should just go then wait wait a bit
officer which one of us is the hottest
oh well to be completely honest all
three of you are extremely ugly
he definitely thought I was hottest no I
was hottest
[Music]