all right crft today we're going to be
learning about the different types of
crowds so the big puffy white crowds
that you see in the sky are called
cumless clouds so next time you're
outside and you look up and you see a
bunch of white stuff in the sky be like
damn that's a lot of cess clouds sorry
for the St of class but the big scary
get the [ __ ] out of my neighborhood
crowds are called the come on my nipples
clouds No come in my bus clouds no come
on my nimbus come on my nibus clouds are
the scary ones that can kill you an
airplane cannot fly through the come on
my nibus clouds cuz it will [ __ ] up that
airplane and it'll go missing just like
the Malaysia Airlines flight rip my
cousins but fun fact crft it's named
after the very famous explorer
Christopher Kam my Nimbus who discovered
America are you talking about
Christopher Columbus because he didn't
discover any clouds are you saying
cumulo Nimbus I'm saying it right come
on my nipples don't threaten me with a
good time teach ladies what do you think
this Cloud's
called wow it looks like a PJ nimbus
cloud it looks like a crch cloud all
right it looks like a par of jambies
nimbus crenchaw cloud okay little sloppy
but all right how about this
one oh it looks like the coolest dude in
school Cloud all right Crow so the next
cloud is the circumcises
cloud what the [ __ ] B are you buring in
class give it to me right now what are
you talking about teach I wasn't vaping
then what is that oh this this is this
is just my phone then why was it smoking
uh well I got it from Israel you know
cuz they did that thing with the pagers
okay and what's the thing on the top of
it oh that that's the antenna so I can
make calls I chew on it sometimes when
I'm nervous okay then why does the side
of it say 30,000 Puffs oh well it tracks
how many Reese's Puffs I've eaten it's
like a Fitbit but just for Reese's Puffs
okay so it's not a vape no no it's
totally not a vape bro but Vapes are for
losers okay put your phone away and if I
see it again I'm going to take it okay
that was a close one ladies I got to hit
this
[ __ ] sorry for the interruption cross
but if I catch you vaping in class you
will be expelled from school now back to
the crowds the next crowd is the
circumcision this crowd vaping what's
that it's like an electronic cigarette
aren't cigarettes bad for you yeah don't
they give you cancer yeah don't they
make your lungs black yeah but it also
gives you the ability to talk like
Terminator in 20 years oh I can sound
like the Terminator yeah sick how well
it gives you throat cancer so you have
to use a little machine to talk but also
makes you famous you could be on a
commercial talking about how much you
hate your life oh I want to be in a
commercial and it makes you feel good
too but Penelope you vape yeah ever
since PJ gave me his old Vape I haven't
been able to stop well how does it make
you feel it makes you feel really good
until you stop and then you get a
headache and you get angry and you start
shaking but then you hit it again and
everything's okay well I don't feel like
that right now I feel good that's
because you haven't started vaping yet
Junior what made you start well all the
cool kids are doing it so I thought why
not
I want to be cool Junior please don't
start doing that you really think I want
to start vaping just to be cool you
really think I'm just going to do thank
you you think I'm going to start doing
it just because everyone else is doing
it you're so lame yes I do think this oh
my God this is crack it tastes like
watermelon no strawberry strawberry
watermelon it's like breathing in oxygen
that's flavored oh my God this amazing
look I'm like Thomas the T kchen okay
Junior give it back no I'm not giving it
back I'm a train shoot you oh dud he's
off the deep
end all right crass the next cloud is
the uh strap on coming all of us Cloud
what the junior bring me that babe right
now uhoh yeah you better Choo your ass
up there boy Junior you lost me my vape
wow Junior cancer and expelled is
crazy give me that
[ __ ] tastes like [ __ ] you want to get
can for [ __ ] I'm sorry huh I'm sorry all
right CR new resing for today we're
going to go over why vaping is bad for
you and to help me do that I'm going to
get a police officer Junior go back to
your seat we'll get expelled later oh
ooh they're calling the cops dude
they're going to take you to Pal me in
the ass prison ooh I'll take the pH for
you genor I hope it's not my dad hey
everybody I am officer Brooklyn te guy
hey Penelope now I heard there are a
couple smokers in here huh a couple
Grace monkeys I I think that's what that
means that might mean a mechanic but I
heard some people in here were smoking
cigarettes and you don't want to do that
cuz smoking is bad now I know you've
seen people in movies doing it and they
look really cool that's why I did it
when I was your age but then I saw this
picture huh look at this these are the
lungs of somebody who's never smoked and
these are the lungs of somebody who
smoked one cigarette one time so if
you've already smoked your lungs already
look like this so you might as well just
keep doing it I mean I mean you
shouldn't keep doing it because they
might heal I mean if they look like that
they're probably not going to heal but
you know you don't want to make it any
worse you know and and you might get jaw
cancer and throat cancer and then we got
to cut off your jaw and your throat and
you're just going to have like a hole in
your neck where your tongue sticks out
you know you might end up looking like
that lady in SpongeBob who is like who
was like I always dated chocolate and
you're going to sound like that too
you're going to sound like jeffy's mom
huh cuz jeffy's Mom was a smoker and you
know what happened I shot her to death
that that's not why I shot her but I I
should have because because she was a
terrible person smoking leads to bad
things is what I'm saying okay my mom
smokes and you know what my mom is the
perfect person to talk to you kids about
smoking oh God he's bringing my grandma
all right Brookie what the hell you got
me up here doing well some of the kids
in this class have been smoking
cigarettes so I just figured you could
tell them well just tell them about
yourself I think that'll be enough all
right class I'm sorry to say this is my
mother hey everyone my name's Barbara
but you can call me Babs and one time I
got but in the twice in one day for a
pack of maror blacks unfiltered back
then I was a two- pack a day gal work my
way all the way up to eight packs and
then now I'm back down to 12 uh well mom
why don't you tell everybody what it's
like when you breathe well I can't wait
for the day I stop you know that
cigarette hitting my lips it's like a
Lifeline you know I inhale and I pray
that I go home you give me that in a
good dick and I'm solid okay well I
think maybe it was a mistake bringing
you in front of the kids but does
anybody have any questions yes I have a
question can you please take Grandma
home you're embarrassing me that's a
good idea oh hey penal hey you hitting
that [ __ ] too listen if you start
smoking don't touch any of Grandma's cuz
I'm counting mine mom maybe you should
just go home you too Dad well no hold on
Penelope I still got to finish the
lesson okay so nobody should smoke
unless you want to end up like my mom
and believe me nobody wants that okay
you're going to have all kinds of health
problems your teeth are going to turn
yellow you're going to get cancer none
of it's good okay so just do what the
board says and do not Vape what the [ __ ]
is Vape electronic cigarettes what
electronic they can do that now what is
it like an app on your phone this this
is what it is what the [ __ ] okay do I
smoke this
huh that is [ __ ] delicious are you
kidding me what this is bad for you
what I mean don't do it obviously but
God damn I gotta
okay I'm going to um I'm going to bring
this back to the police station to to
investigate oh great now my dad's
addicted to vaping I am addicted too but
we don't have a vape cuz you lost mine
I'm sorry now excuse me
sir what is it officer guy well
apparently the kids are doing this new
thing called vaping it's kind of like an
electric cigarette an electric cigarette
what kind of liberal [ __ ] [ __ ] is that
they should smoke cigarettes like a real
man let me see
that holy Jesus that that's delicious
yeah I know sir it really
is and and this is bad for you yeah
apparently it causes cancer now what
doesn't these days hey guys what are you
doing oh hey Simmons we're just vaping
you want to try uh should I well it does
cause cancer
okay who knew cancer would taste so good
yeah it really
does so I guess we should probably get
kids to stop doing this huh yeah I guess
if it's bad for them we probably should
but how are we going to do that sir they
don't care that it causes cancer they
just keep doing it so what do we do to
get them to stop vaping hm I suppose you
could put a bomb in one of those things
then when somebody tries to smoke it
it'll blow their face off that'll really
scare the [ __ ] out of the rest of them
then no one's going to vape after that
oh good thinking sir hey Simmons No No
Simmons I I want you to put a bomb in
this oh okay I'll be right back good
thinking sir once they see one of their
classmates day they're definitely not
going to vape after that here you go
mate yeah thanks S no no no no mate the
bomb oh right the bomb of course Sor
silly me all right I'm going to go take
this to the school wait he hey hey no no
come on to all right CR so I was doing
some research on the wrong term effects
of vaping and this is a picture of
healthy rungs that have never Vaped
before and over here is a picture of
rungs that have Vaped also known as
popcorn rung so apparently what happens
is is if you vape and then you eat
popcorn it gets stuck in your lungs so
if you're going to vape don't eat
popcorn hey everybody I'm back from the
police station so we called uh Harvard
and and they said that vaping can cause
cancer cancer but then I said kids don't
get scared by cancer so then they said
who cares they might as well just do it
anyway so who wants to vape huh it's
freshly charged you'll be cool anybody
want a vape H I want to I want to okay
here
catch holy [ __ ] I I I thought he had to
smoke it first I I I mean I mean look
look how dangerous they are you see that
it just blew up when he touched it that
could happen you know imagine getting
cancer and it also just explodes when
you touch it that's [ __ ] crazy right
I imagine you get cancer and you lose
your face it's like smoking a firework
you can't smoke a firework it just blows
up right in your face so that that's
[ __ ] up right nobody nobody wants to
vape after that cuz I I know I'm pretty
[ __ ] traumatized by what I just
witnessed I don't want this Vape anymore
here what I don't want this [ __ ]
thing get it away from me you saw that
other one explode I don't want anything
to do with that imagine you're smoking
it and boom it just blows up right in
your face that's [ __ ] up I I I don't
want to deal with that okay I want
nothing to do with that you guys should
not Vape cuz it's it's super dangerous
okay don't Vape don't smoke just eat
[ __ ] ice cream ice cream doesn't
explode ice cream doesn't give you
cancer just eat ice cream ice cream
makes you fat dad I don't care I'd
rather be 300 lb sitting on my couch
watching TV than get cancer and my face
explode and all that [ __ ] no [ __ ]
that I don't want that [ __ ] it I mean
it's up to you but [ __ ] no well I sure
learned my lesson I'm never going to
vape ever again yeah you hear that
Junior I hope you learned your lesson
too I'm going to take this that as a yes
[Music]