so guys what do you want to do today i
don't know
joseph is that your stomach oh yeah dude
my bad i haven't eaten in three days
you should like eat something yeah well
not everybody has money like you cody
and i haven't seen any roadkill oh i
miss possum i love possum oh dead
possum's my favorite
well how about we go to mcdonald to get
happy meals but junior we don't have
money for happy meals well guess who
found somebody's wallet on the side of
the road and took money out of it
yeah and i returned the wallet back to
the person so i took the money out
because that's my fee for finding it
right sure yeah yeah i mean i could have
just not returned the wallet yeah you
could have returned the 20 too well no
the money is my fee for finding it but
look let's go get mcdonald's yeah
welcome to mcdonald's what can i get you
uh can we get three happy meals yeah
sure let me just bring that up oh my god
oh my god what you're the one trillionth
person to come into a mcdonald's ever
are you serious silly dude yeah that
means you get a one-year supply of
mcdonald's for free really yeah what do
you want oh okay can i get four large
fries you can't get a big mac guys check
out all this mcdonald's isn't it awesome
junior i think it's really cool that you
won a year supply of mcdonald's and i
understand why you got the 10-piece
nuggets to celebrate but did you really
need four large fries three happy meals
two apple pies and a big mac with extra
cheese
that was beautiful cody thank you but
yes i do need all this food because i
want a year supply of mcdonald's i gotta
use it okay can we have our happy meals
now yeah dude we don't know guys you
can't eat those hot meals what dude i
haven't eaten in three days yeah why
can't we eat them because guys it says
in the fine print that i can't share any
of the mcdonald's that i just won what
are you talking about junior there's no
fine print you didn't sign anything but
what if that is a rule like what if they
see me sharing my mcdonald's and they're
like it's supposed to be for him not
anyone else and they take it away from
me junior i don't think they mind if you
share i don't think they expect you to
eat all this by yourself i just don't
want to risk it guys i don't want to
lose like a year's worth of mcdonald's
so look just go get some more mcdonald's
by yourselves but we don't have any
money okay look look take this guy's
wallet that i found and take some money
out of it go get some food wait you said
you returned the wallet i lied okay fine
we're gonna take this wallet and we're
gonna get some food and then we're gonna
return the wallet okay fine yeah because
all this mcdonald's is for me and and
i'm the one who want it so it's meant
for me oh man what do i want first the
big mac for the nuggets the apple pies
are the fries without having meals
junior get up it's time for your first
day of school
junior
junior where are you oh a chicken nugget
don't touch that chicken nugget julia
where are you
that's my last chicken nugget don't
touch it junior you're fat what happened
i won a year supply
mcdonald's and i've been eating it every
day for a month oh okay that makes sense
that's why i haven't seen you downstairs
for a month uh-huh sarah can you please
just toss that chicken nugget in my
mouth i'm not tossing that chicken
nugget in your mouth it's time for you
to get ready for school just please just
toss it right here in my mouth
look here ah here fatty oh hey it didn't
go in my mouth well come on it's time
for you to get ready for school can you
at least order me a happy meal for
school no no i'm not what are you a
happy man free my apple pie you
come on fatty
jesus christ junior your belly's
sticking out like you're winnie the pooh
hey your mom's winning the poo
no junior i don't think you're allowed
to make fat jokes anymore yeah dude i
can't believe you let yourself go hey
hey
let me let me roll over so i can yell at
you
you win a year's worth of mcdonald's and
say you're not gonna eat it for
breakfast lunch and dinner and maybe a
midnight snack yeah i can't lie i would
yeah
could someone pass me my happy meal
junior it's right next to you well like
can someone open it and put it in my
mouth
i wish we weren't talking about happy
meal then i'd be down all right crafts i
know you all had a wrong and boring
summer you couldn't wait to get back to
school yeah i miss school so much i love
it here school school who loves school
cody loves school god i hate you cody
yeah cody i hate you so much you're such
a nerd i'm going to flip your desk
no i got it
hold on
hold on i just need a diet coke
should you flip the desk yourself nerd
here we go
yeah
so for the first day of school we're
gonna go around the cross and you all
are gonna say what you did over the song
but now repeat you could go first oh
well this summer i went to summer camp
and i got first place in the talent show
i made best friend bracelets with all of
my bffs we went roller skating and water
skiing and jump rope oh brother someone
take this girl's mouth away shut up
junior i also woke up this morning with
a pimple on my face and i tried putting
ointment on it but it's still there
hey guys her name should be pimpelloppy
look at that big fat pimple on her face
i don't think someone who looks like you
should be using the word fat i i don't
think someone as ugly as you should
should be so ugly but mom look who where
we're at you're fat
wow penerapy it sounds like you had a
very eventful summer cody what did you
do over the summer well this summer me
and my boyfriend ken what
did junior are you putting french fries
on your hamburger are you putting
vegetables on your hamburger yes cody
i'm putting french fries on my hamburger
because i'm american and i can do that
and for the record i got my hamburger
without cheese okay so i'm trying to
lose weight but okay well anyway like i
was saying me and mike all right thanks
for sharing cody now who wants to go
next i i wasn't finished
tell me what you did over the summer
junior
oh uh i i won a year supply of
mcdonald's so i've been pretty much just
eating that junior if you keep eating
like this you're gonna get uh beat us oh
junior you are truly a fat ass come on
to the boy let me talk to you about
something uh do you mind if you come to
me because i don't think i can walk up
there julian just get up to the front of
the cross okay it might take me a few
minutes hmm
[Music]
i'm almost there
okay what are you talking about have you
ever considered sumo wrestling what
what's sumo wrestling well it's when two
big fat guys wear diapers and then they
fight each other that sounds gross it is
hilarious but someone as fat as you
would be good at listen i have an arch
nemesis back in china and he a sumo
wrestler he is fat and i think that you
should fight him and if you fight him
and win then you get no homo for the
rest of the year but the school year
just started exactly well that's a deal
i want to do it i don't want i don't
want homework for the rest of the year
okay go home and start eating you riddle
piggy
oh okay
i'll be home to train you soon
add some more french fries and a
cheeseburger on top jesus christ junior
i mean nice cans but why aren't you
wearing clothes and also what is this
cheeseburger mountain cheeseburger
mountain junior just because you have a
year supply of mcdonald's doesn't mean
you have to make cheeseburger mountain
look cody i'm the one with the year
supply of food for mcdonald's so if i
want to make cheeseburger mountain i can
make cheeseburger mountain and the
reason why i'm not wearing clothes is i
spilt ketchup on my shirt and shorts and
i took them off and the only thing i had
to wear was this loincloth thing okay
fine junior whatever i just came over
because i wanted to know what the
teacher wanted earlier like did he want
to make a deal with you or something
where you'd like do stuff for him to get
an a because i mean if that's the case
i'll do it i'll take one for the team i
don't mind no he just wanted me to eat
more so i could get fatter he wants me
to be a sumo wrestler a sumo wrestler
yeah he wants me to fight like one of
his enemies as a super wrestler or
something oh no junior it's not woe he
big is it who's will he big whoa he big
is the most dangerous sumo wrestler in
the world he's a 10-ton 10-time champion
one time he even killed a man by sitting
on his face really yeah i have the video
and i watch it like all the time and i
even save the time stamp for when it
happens oh well i don't know who i'm
fighting but i don't think it's woe he
big but no the teacher said if i beat
the guy he won't make me do your
homework for the whole school year yep
that's really cool yeah i think that's a
teacher go answer the door and then
leave all right yeah well i don't want
you to distract me i gotta eat and i
gotta focus code i gotta focus okay
all right tubby i got you some lard lied
i mean mcdonald's not fat enough you
need to drink this lord if you want to
be woe he big i am fighting whoa he big
yeah i think you got what it takes
you're fat he's fat you got to drink
this lot if you want to get big
okay i'll drink it when's the fight like
next week no it's right now so we gotta
go you gotta hurry up and drink this
come on let's go we gotta drink it walk
drink and walk let's go hello and
welcome to the 11th annual living room
sumo wrestling tournament over here we
have the ten ton ten time champion
whoa he really is big and over here we
have the newcomer junior
oh man i can't drink any more lard oh
you have to you only got a little bit
left all right now open one oh
all right first wrestler to be knocked
out of this circle loses go
all right come on drink it you only got
a little bit left
i don't feel good all right now get up
there go
oh domo
i don't know what i'm doing just push
him on the circle push him out of the
circle
well it's over folks how disappointing
but to be fair who really thought a
child could defeat the 10 ton ten time
champion
although i guess now he's the ten ton
eleven time champion which isn't as much
fun to say you so dumb you're so stupid
how you rules to fight now you're gonna
get home for the rest of the year dumb
oh my god what happened you got knocked
out kid i don't even know how to sumo
wrestle clearly well i have other bad
news for you you also have diabetes from
all the crap you've been eating diabetes
yeah so i'm gonna have to take away your
year's supply of mcdonald's well you
can't take that away well i can if
you've been abusing it which you clearly
have been wha well can i at least finish
my french fries no
no stop it no no no
no no my french fries these of me
jesus christ these are stale how long
have these been here
[Music]
you