oh man I can't wait to sit back and
watch TV all night I have nothing to do
hey Maria are you ready for a date night
tonight date night tonight you didn't
forget did you
oh no no no I didn't forget about our
date night tonight oh good well what do
you have planned for us what do I have
planned uh uh watch TV yeah Mario you
forgot didn't you no I didn't forget
let's just watch TV I can think about
what I have planned hey do you like boy
do it money well then come on down to
the first time a couple of bowling
tournament where you can win $5,000 do
you want to win $5,000 you grab your
bowling shoes grab your balls and come
on down
oh we're gonna do tonight we're gonna go
on a romantic bowling date Mario you
just want to win that money no I don't
care about the money I just want to go
bowling with you baby we've never went
bowling together well I guess it could
be fun but who's gonna watch Jeffy he's
good to stay home by himself
I mean I guess he's old or not you don't
know I should check on and make sure
he's not doing anything dangerous okay
[Applause]
can you show me where you don't want the
Brickyard tonight now we can't win the
$5,000 Lori knows about the money and
not about the deal it wasn't about the
money it's just if we won the $5,000 I
can figure on a bigger better date well
now we could do what you want to do and
just sit and watch TV
oh no oral man or me a Jeff you go
bowling but Mario it's a couples bowling
night
yeah and me and Jeff here are a couple
of bro she's trying to go bowling found
it daddy
oh well I guess you guys could go have
fun and I'll just sit here and pay okay
bye hello and welcome to the first-ever
couples bowling tournament where the
winner will receive $5,000 only two
couples showed up because I guess no one
else likes money so let's get started
Mario Jeffy you're up first
you go
down Mario you and your wife wait that's
not your wife that's your son oh yeah my
wife broke her arm so he's gonna vote
for her but you you can't do that this
is couples bowling I'm gonna tell Dotel
I am dating him you you're dating your
son okay well kiss him then kiss him
like Tom Brady kisses his son Oh kiss
him uh that's not how he does it what's
next you gonna sign with the Buccaneers
uh who even plays for them oh well I
guess Tom Brady does yeah well why don't
you kiss your wife no no no no how about
how about we win the tournament first
and then we will talk about me kissing
you all right now has anybody seen my
bowling shoes I think they're over there
oh well I don't even have feet so anyway
you're going down Mario you're going
down you're going down okay I'm first
yeah all right there you go
go ahead go ball yeah I want is I want
to see you do it I dare you go ahead try
the ball okay go go on go ahead I'm
gonna follow you all the way up there
see how bad of a job you do you're gonna
suck watch I know you're gonna yeah that
sucks that sucks you drop your hat
you're bad at bowling you're bad that
was bad you're off you go sit down you
get another turn idiot okay what you're
actually gonna try again I thought you'd
be so embarrassed after the first time
you just quit the whole tournament look
I'm gonna get the spare
yes spare yourself the humiliation of
trying again and just quit so I can get
the $5,000 go ahead try again I can't
wait to see you try it you're gonna get
a gutter ball watch you're gonna do it
$5.00 says he gets a gun at home I get a
spare gonna get a go back watch watch
yeah here it comes it's gonna go right
in the gutter there it is watch watch it
watch it all right here's your $5 at
this rate we won't even have to win the
tournament I'm gonna make $5,000 in
gutter ball well I mix up the bit then
why did you pay me alright Jeff it's
your turn where are we at what the
bowling lanes I take off the blindfold
and then did you take it off yeah yeah
hey hey hey I bet you five dollars he
won't blow with that blindfold on all
right bad what if you fall we're gonna
lose oh and I want to see him ball the
blindfold on okay fine
boy your first time with a blindfold on
aren't I honey this is gonna be the
easiest $5,000 we've ever made they both
suck all right Jeff yeah I know this is
your first time bowling what
bowling it's what you're about to do and
why are you staying heavy it needs to be
able to knock over some pins order pins
it's the thing you're gonna have to do
it throw it forward
strike one destroy what you got good we
ate meat you're winning yeah I win
bowling one yeah but you keep doing that
okay all right did you guys see that
jumper got a strike blindfolded no no no
he did not just get a strike he did but
okay that was luck though you know that
right I mean he definitely can't do it
again
okay well it's yours let's see what you
can do yeah yeah watch the match to do
it I get a strike every single time I
always bowl a 300 okay guy you talked a
lot of smack earlier so if you don't get
a strike here you're never gonna be able
to show your face in this town ever
again okay I got this give the ball a
big kiss what all right let's do this
you like that everybody sucks with me
yes face face did you see that I just
got a strike you are all in the presence
of the master bow down go ahead go ahead
bow down what why aren't you bowing get
off of me okay honey honey listen what
are you listening yeah okay good I need
you to not suck Oh Amy I am so good I
promise
okay the fact that you just said boiling
instead of bowling has got me really
worried boy me I have two left hands I
got this god you were so ugly okay just
just get out there and blow your heart
out okay honey you're gonna blow it I
know you are so I hired a guy back there
to knock over all the pins with a broom
after you throw the ball really you want
to talk to me about cheating boy me it
was one time on a cruise ship but I had
too much to drink
oh okay Karen I guess that makes it all
okay then so if I was on a cruise I had
too much to drink and I saw a hot girl
and I started you know it doesn't matter
just throw the ball okay you could have
thrown a little harder than that
I guess it's gonna look a little
suspicious when the pins all all over
get ready back get ready back there I
it's going it's going to the left that's
that's not good
it's not gonna be believable but what if
it's fine we're gonna roll with it just
let's give it a second you got a strike
did you see that my baby got a strike
was that a broom no that was cheating I
go to one you should get to school don't
tell on me I'll give you $5.00 okay look
let's just pull a fair game and no more
cheating okay okay fine yeah but it's
your turn losers don't go on up there
try not to screw up this time okay Mario
you got this all you have to do is get a
strike you got this
you don't got this you're gonna suck
just go back to your seat I just watch
you suck I'm not gonna suck watch this
strike here I come
seal give me a strike no yeah watch oh
it's nice look look it's going over
there that was that was a bad number of
pins because you're bad you're bad at
bowling that was good
now it's bad now watch this I'm gonna
get the spare you can okay watch this
[Music]
see look I'm gonna get it how's it feel
to be bad at bowling cuz you're bad at
bowling bull in the wild all right it's
Jeffy's turn so what's watchin suck with
his blindfold on come on jump it's your
turn
alright Jeff did you do exactly what you
did last time okay why not your last
time you bowled oh yeah I won bowling
yeah I need you to win bowling again one
do just do exactly did last time
horns Anne you just threw the ball yeah
strike baby you guys see that two
strikes in a row blindfolded yeah yeah
okay yeah you said you never not done
the strike with yeah cuz I don't I mean
I do like I do get I do get strikes okay
guy you can get two in a row I mean
you're never done in your entire life
but you can do it okay come on Terry
look at that of course it is yep kill me
kill me just do it now I want to die
yeah most of them that's not all of them
is it Karen I need to get all of them we
are now losing oh no no I can't split up
you okay Karen I believe that we were
getting a divorce that's what gave me
all the confidence you lied to me
they're all the same color care and just
pick one it's fun yeah the one closest
to you okay look Karen I don't have the
broom guy this time so I really need you
not to suck I won't suck pointy yeah I
know you won't ask you every night and
you never do
okay well okay Karen I'd really like to
see what your best looks like all right
[Music]
Wow Wow
Karen that was your best that was your
best you put the same amount of effort
into that if you do want a relationship
yeah yeah I know I know that's the best
you can do that's the problem
all right I got you another ball oh I am
believe me you know what Chris Brown did
to Rihanna well that was really messed
up but I'm still really mad at you okay
just just please try not to get it in
the gutter I won't get it in the bed you
promise okay oh great Karen you break
the promises and you break your wedding
vows that's just perfect
well she really sucks
hey Mario can I talk to you for a second
yeah what's up can I please just use the
broom guy one more time no you cannot
use the broom guy come on man I'll do
anything
no that's shitty I'm gonna play fair
square fine well the last frame all you
do is get one more strike and you bought
a perfect 300 okay all right Matt let's
go okay Cameron listen I need to get
that blindfold off of him that's the
only reason he's doing so good okay all
right all you do is bowl one more strike
than you Bowl a perfect 300 and we
basically win I'm gonna want to do it
this time cuz I know you're gonna do it
right where I want you do what you did
last time Jeffy why are you out here
last time you just threw the ball just
do what you did oh he took it off yeah I
was just trying to help him well you
could say that wearing a blindfold is
cheating nobody was doing great and you
messed them up well sorry my turn all
right guy you just need a strike and
you'll still be in this
yes yes Tarun we have a chance Karen
Karen okay we have a chance come here
now listen listen it are you listening
yeah okay Karen listen if you hit one
more pin we will win okay do you
understand yeah can you do that can you
though okay let's go go okay okay I got
this baby baby baby listen listen one
more pin and we win $5,000 I can do it
boy day okay Kenny though yes I can do
it okay good just please please please
Harun Kevin listen to me look listen
listen listen to me
one pin okay just what good can you do
one pin I can pig please please do it
but I'm not gonna look you know what no
I need to look I'm gonna watch come on
[Music]
yeah
oh how did it even do that Karen
you were just so ugly what I what was
that mean if it's a tie do we split the
money like 5050 well hopefully well it
looks like there's a tie so no one gets
the money you should have pulled better
if you wanted $5,000 one nobody gets the
money this is why I drink at night Karen
no no we did it
Oh what happened we tied Oh does that
mean you get half the money see that
would make sense it would make sense
wouldn't it if we time we get half the
money but no apparently futile you lose
everything
oh well at least you and Jeffy got to
spend some time together you know
father-son bonding whatever hey daddy
you want to play pin the hammer on your
donkey no Jeffy Mario spend some time
with him
okay Jeffy let's go play pin the hammer
on a donkey car daddy well he broke my
arm too Oh Mario I'm so sorry we're
getting rid of all the hammers
[Music]
all right guy you just need a strike and
you'll still be in this
[Music]