so Joseph what do you want to do today
oh dude let's go wash our hands with a
bunch of soap I bet I can wash my hands
better than you can wash your hands what
no you can't Silly Billy yes I can you
silly goose Silly Billy Billy hey guys
guess what I just bought for $2,000
$2,000 where'd you get that kind of
money oh I've been saving up my money
for whenever I do chores for the last 10
years every penny well what you spend
$2,000 on I want you to guess a car no I
can't drive a boat well I definitely
can't drive a boat a spaceship Junior
you guess but was it a spaceship dude no
h um did you pay someone to cut off
their finger what what yeah did you pay
$2,000 for someone's finger why would I
pay $2,000 for a finger maybe it had a
diamond ring on it ooh nice guess dude
nice guess I like that why wouldn't I
just buy the ring maybe it didn't fit
your finger so you wanted their finger
cuz it fit the finger yeah two for one
special dude what no it's not a finger
well then what is it it's this check it
out oh you got the new iPhone no not the
phone it's what's on the phone the phone
case what no the picture wait what is
that it's a noodle dude it looks like a
stick it's not a stick it's an nft
what's an nft it's a non-fungible token
oh it's a token so you can use that at
Chuck-E-Cheese oo now that's fun no it's
not that kind of token it's a
non-fungible token you can't funge it so
what is it well it's a picture you paid
$2,000 to have a picture on your phone
no I paid $2,000 for an nft so what's it
do well you're doing it what we we can
only look at it well yeah I mean no no
actually you could hang it up on the
walls of your digital house a digital
house yeah you know in the metaverse
like I mean I guess technically I'd have
to buy some land in the metaverse and
then hire a digital construction worker
to build me a house but but then I could
hang it up on the walls why don't you
just go on your computer print it out
and hang it up in your real house yeah
well because that wouldn't be the same
thing that this is an nft so you only
have it on your phone well yeah well
what if your phone dies well then I just
charge my phone well what if a meteor
hits the Earth and there's no
electricity anymore well that's not
going to happen well what if it does
well then I'd have bigger problems than
just my noodle You'll wish you had that
2,000 La back well no no I'm happy with
this so what are you going to do with it
in the future like how long you going to
have it for oh well I could probably
sell it for a lot of money maybe who
else would buy this well I don't know
somebody who wants a noodle no one's
going to pay $2,000 for this Cody yes
they will look look look the the the
cool thing is that I could put this in
my digital world okay hold on what what
are you doing all right Cody I just made
it in my virtual world in Minecraft yeah
but that's that's not the metaverse it
doesn't matter more people play
Minecraft well but but people can't come
visit it yeah I can open up the server
and everyone can come look at my nft
that I own now well but that's you don't
own that see I have the original well
what if I just took a picture of your
phone with my phone then it would be on
my phone and I would own
no you can't do that yeah hold on give
me a second but you can't what you look
I just did I just took a picture look I
own it now it's on my phone well you
don't you don't own it though yeah I do
it's on my phone hey hey Joseph I just
sent you a text o what you send me dude
oh dude I own it now yeah we all own it
oh no no you guys don't own it you just
have it it's on our phone phone we we
own it it's on your phone it's on our
phones we all own it but it's not worth
anything though how would anyone know
that you own it they all they would
think we all own it well look right
there it says owned by Cody I could have
been Cody yeah I could make a username
named Cody my name's Cody but but but
you can't sell it that's the main thing
I can sell I can print this out and I
can sell more copies than that one sells
no nobody would buy that but why but
because this is the real one and they
didn't I paid $2,000 for this so hold on
all right Cody I just printed this out
and framed it whoa dude this looks sick
I would totally buy this for $2,000 no
that's that's dumb no one would buy that
but it's the physical version you can
touch it and feel it and even if your
phone dies you can still see it and you
can hang it up in your real house in
real life but but I I have the original
so it's I pay $22,000 for you know how
much I paid for this I paid $5 for the
frame and a dollar to print out at UPS
so it cost $6 to get a physical version
that'll never disappear like no matter
what like even if electricity stopped
existing I would always have this
picture what a steal but but but but you
can't put it in the metaverse you know
you people around the world can see mine
like somebody in Japan could see this
they couldn't see yours I can FaceTime
somebody in Japan and show it to them
over the phone or I can make a video on
YouTube about it and show it to them but
but Justin Bieber couldn't see it what
well Justin Bieber did a concert in the
metaverse so he could have come to my
virtual house in the metaverse if I had
one and he could see my noodle why would
Justin Bieber come to your house you're
not cool dude yeah why don't we just buy
tickets to a Justin Bieber concert sit
Row one hold it up in front of him he
has a better chance of seeing it from
the stage than in your stupid virtual
world he's not going to stop by your
virtual house but but mine I I could I
could sell this for a lot of money
someday you know this is an investment I
can sell this for a lot of money I bet
you I can I'm I'm going to call an art
dealer and I'll have him come over and
see how much he'll give me for this no
you can't do that so where's the
painting that's for sale it's right here
oh my sweet baby Jesus that that is the
most elegant painting I've ever seen in
my entire life in all my years of
collecting art I've never seen something
so modern yet so minimalistic I'll take
it I'll take it for $10,000 wa what
actually no it would be my pleasure to
pay more I'll pay $20,000 but but but
but look right here I have the original
oh great you took a picture of my
painting you may have a photo of my
painting but I have the original right
here no no that's not the original this
is the original they just printed it out
come here okay I don't give a [ __ ] okay
this right here is the original you just
took a picture great have fun with your
picture but no no no I I paid for this
one hey do you want to buy the one that
I made on Minecraft could he get out of
the way look I I made it on
Minecraft yes I'll take it I'll take it
for $10,000 oh you can have it then
great no no but but I have the original
one right here but this one right here
is 3D I can walk around it and [ __ ] M
thank you so much pleasure doing
business pleasure doing business with
you but don't you want this one see Cody
look I just made $30,000 off your stupid
little Doodle photo but this is stupid
he can't use any of that stuff in the
metaverse like Justin Bieber can't see
it oh dude I'm about to go print some
more copies yeah I going print more too
but no don't dude we're about to make so
much cash heck yeah we are guys I'm
going to call the cops if you don't stop
wait why well because you're stealing my
nft and you're selling it we're not
stealing your nft you said the one on
your phone is the only original one
we're just printing them out and selling
them but but but but it's still like
mine and you're making money off of it
well you said these are worthless well
they are well then why do we make
$30,000 selling them well that'll never
happen again dude I think we got a
customer how much are these uh I'll sld
two of them for $20,000 all right sure
dude we just made a sale okay that's it
I'm calling the cops oh Cody come on all
right dude I just printed out two more
copies we got to stay stocked up good
thinking Joseph also we don't offer
refunds we don't want people asking for
their money back when they realize
they're not worth anything oh yeah
you're right smart smart there they are
officer oh so these are the kids who
stole something from you that was worth
$2,000 huh yeah they sure did all right
you kid should know that this is a very
serious crime stealing something worth
that much is a felony but officer we
didn't steal anything we just printed
out photos that we found on our phone
yeah oh well yes they did steal
something from me they stole my noodle
what I'm sorry what you noodle yeah this
picture right here in my phone but it's
also on my phone yeah my phone too what
I'm sorry I don't understand whose
picture is this it's mine because I paid
$2,000 for it whoa hold on what I'm
sorry you paid $2,000 for that little
picture on your phone yeah well kid
that's the real crime here you got
scammed it's not a scam I wanted this
what why because he's a stupid dumb
idiot and he thinks it's worth something
no it's because I want to show it to
Justin Bieber in my virtual house in the
metaverse um kids is is he okay like is
he on something he's been talking crazy
all day yeah he's sick in the head well
I'm not crazy this is the Future Okay
kids so are you like seeing aliens and
stuff too well yeah I I guess there
could be aliens in the metaverse
anything's possible okay I'm going to
check him into a mental facility cuz
something's wrong with him there is yeah
I understand no no no it's nfts it's
it's the metaverse but my noodle okay
we're going to get you a lot of noodles
in the facility okay but no no no no but
my noodle though no it's okay we're
going to get you the help you need I'm
so glad he's getting help right all
right kids you should probably know
before you go in there he's in a
straight jacket and a padded room for
your protection and his so just let us
know if he gets too crazy what's up
buddy don't what's up buddy me you guys
stole my noodle nurse he's yelling no
Junior all right what's going on in here
he was yelling at us yeah you tried to
bite me are we going to have to put the
mask on you so you don't bite anybody no
I'll be nice all right Cody use your
words you guys stole my noodle you keep
talking about noodles Cody that's why
you're in here yeah guys the metaverse
is the future if you keep talking like
that they'll never let you out all right
we got a mental health professional here
to do some therapy for you all right
kids move out of the way for Nurse
Jackie that put him in a straight Jackie
hello there I don't want to talk to her
oh he doesn't want to talk to you get
the rabbit okay here talk to Mr Bunny oh
Mr Bunny I don't want to talk to Mr
Bunny a come on tell Mr Bunny how you
feel okay Mr Bunny my [ __ ] friend
stole my noodle this poor kid won't stop
talking about noodles somebody get him a
noodle please Jackie the God damn noodle
please okay all right all right here's
your noodle what what is this this isn't
my noodle get that away from me oh no he
can't even recognize noodles anymore
he's completely lost touch with reality
I'm want to call the family to see if we
have to put him down damn shamee guys
you have to get me out of here well no
Cody like if we let you out of here
you're going to start talking about
noodles again guys guys please look if
you get me out of here I'll admit the
noodle was stupid you will yes will you
try to sell it yeah sure he still thinks
worth something he hasn't changed no no
no no guys please get me out of here
I'll delete it or something I'll figure
it out okay Cody we'll believe it come
on buddy come on buddy all right before
we put your son down are you sure this
is what you want to do yes I'm sure
that's what I want to do no son of mine
is going to talk about noodles and [ __ ]
this is not a life he should live no son
of ours is going to talk about noodles
yeah we could just make another one
ain't that right Baby time to get a new
mattress all right I'll let you say you
buys what what oh no he's escaped what
this is bad he's a danger to society
we're going to have to catch him thanks
for getting me out of the mental
institution you're not going to talk
about noodles anymore are you no I'm not
going to talk about noodles we also sold
all the pictures we printed out oh good
I'm very proud of you for stealing my
stuff also we made this oh my God what
the hell is that it's a 4D sculpt sugar
noodle 4D what do it have a smell mhm oh
my God it smells like noodles exactly
right isn't it cooler than the dumb one
you bought on your phone that doesn't do
anything stupid phone noodle I have to
admit guys this is pretty cool would you
pay more than $2,000 for this yeah I
think I would he's learning I know this
one's better because you get to see it
it pokes out at you it's really cool and
it has a smell dude MH yeah I mean there
is one downside what what is it I mean
you can't what say it say it you can't
use it in the metaverse and you're
staying in your straight jacket oh come
on guys oh dude I think we have a buyer
oh my God that is the most Divine
sculpture I've ever seen I'll buy it for
$13 $30,000 seriously you can have it
great oh my god dude all this cash we
just made $130,000 off that sculpture
what this is ridiculous but I have this
noodle there he is get him no no no no
no no don't take me back no he tried to
bite me yeah he's crazy I'm going to
sell his stupid nft cuz I'm tired of
looking at it yeah me too dude it it
actually sold for $1,000 more we rich
[Music]
o