[Music]
all right guys are you ready to play
Hungry Hungry Hippos launchers how is
this different from normal Hungry Hungry
Hippos well Cody you launched the
watermelon into the hippo's mouth oh
dude let's play yeah let's play wait
really yeah we're going to play you guys
aren't going to say anything about what
Well normally you guys would call my mom
a hippo wait whoa I would I would never
call your mom a fat ugly hippo calm down
you say that all the time no I don't
you're the one saying it why would you
insult your mom like that yeah you only
get one mom dude yeah she gave birth to
you and you're sitting here insulting
her calling her fat ugly smelly hippo I
didn't say any of those things it's just
you would normally say that no I don't
have a mom but if I did have a mom I'd
love her and care about her and never
say anything mean about her mhm respect
your parents dude yeah respect your
mother Cody not cool not cool at all
fine let's just play all right turn it
on all right let's get this in there oh
I got one I got one oh missed let me see
guys mine doesn't work I got another one
D
it come on
Cody up and feed your mom oh there it is
there it is I knew you guys were just
messing with me you know what I'm going
to go watch the news oh come on Cody
feed your mom she's a hungry fat hippo
you just had to piss him off dude now
he's going to go watch the news let's go
watch the news with them I guess so yeah
I'm so mad I'm going to watch the news
no Cody don't turn on the news nope it's
too late you done piss me off it's news
time now dude you already know your MAA
hippo it's nothing new okay I'm turning
up the news louder oh no Joseph shut
up breaking news Okay in case anyone is
still wondering it's been 10 years since
that Malaysian airplane went missing
since it's been 10 years they are
offering $10 million for anyone who
knows where it is it's been missing for
10 years good what I I mean none I just
said good you know what Joseph do you
have beef with a missing plane I mean
it's been 10 years like forget about it
it's over with [ __ ] it I I mean it's a
Plane full of people but but if it was a
Plane full of black people we would have
never heard about it it would have never
made the news dude well yes it would I
think it's still just a Plane full of
people what about a milli a heart huh
they didn't find her ass well it was
still a really big deal and this is like
200 39 Amelia air Hearts nah n it's not
the same [ __ ] okay so like why is it
taking 10 years how can they not find it
Well it could be anywhere in the world
why don't they just track the airplane
well they turn the tracker off wait that
sounds intentional it was the pilot did
it well why don't they just call the
pilot and say where are you at because
he's missing along with the rest of the
plane something's up yeah something's up
well yeah planes don't just disappear
why don't they track his credit card and
see what he's buying well because he's
dead no he's not what if he's still up
in the air flying around laughing at us
the plane would have run out of fuel by
now what if he keeps landing and
refueling and taking off before someone
catches him well then he wouldn't be
missing I don't know I think we should
go try to find that airplane what are us
three kids going to do that the entire
world couldn't do in 10 years well you
guys have me and what can you offer that
the world can't my sophisticated
thinking brain I think outside the box
see you guys are inside the box I'm
outside it I think [ __ ] that people
don't even think about thinking I don't
even have a box to think in yeah you do
think differently yeah so I think I know
where that airplane is let me let let me
go grab my crowns and let me draw
draw all right guys I'm back Junior
where the hell were you it's been over 2
hours well I had to draw and color my
pictures what the hell is this so I drew
four different scenarios that I think
may have happened to Malaysia Airlines
go on okay so I think the pilot was
flying the airplane and said man I hate
being a pilot my dream ever since I was
a kid was to drive a submarine so then
he took the Wings off he went in the
water and now he's driving a submarine
so you think the Pilot's been driving a
submarine for the last 10 years yeah
what about the passengers well they're
probably dead so he's been driving
around in a submarine with over 200 dead
bodies on board just rotting what about
the smell well he probably has like air
fresheners or he rolls on the window the
plane would flood oh well then air
fresheners okay even assuming that's
true where is he getting oxygen it would
have run out by now planes have oxygen
mask Cody du idiot and you need oxygen
for those okay well then they have the
dead bodies with the lungs he probably
just sucks the oxygen out of the lungs
what okay what about food he eats the
Bodies Okay so he's getting food and
oxygen from the bodies
okay look I'll give you this one is the
most plausible because it's underwater
which is where the plane probably really
is yeah I mean and the next one also
could have happened okay oh okay I I
think I get this one yeah so aliens came
to Earth for the first time right and
they see this airplane and they think
it's an enemy ship so they abduct it
with the abduction Ray and they took the
plane back to their home planet to study
it yeah there has been more alien
sightings dude yeah so all they took was
a plane and that's it yeah okay well if
aliens are real I guess maybe this could
have happened the next one most most
likely happen what the hell is this so
you've seen the movie the bugs life
right I've seen the movie of bugs life
yes so Hopper right he takes the ants
food so the ants make a big fake bird to
scare Hopper away cuz he doesn't like
birds so Hopper comes back for Revenge
he's like give me your food so then
flick he hijacks an airplane and he
tells Hopper it's a bird and he's all
scared ah yeah he looks terrified Junior
that was a movie yeah but ants are real
and this could have been a possible
scenario okay but that ant is not how
did a cartoon ant hijack a real plane
well ants are so small they can make it
through TSA TSA is not going to see an
ant through the X-ray machine so then
the ant got on the plane and then he bit
the pilot in the eyeball and while he's
like a my eye flick flew the plane to
Hopper and scared him okay so where's
the plane now it crashed in the hopper
and where is that in the bugs life movie
that the land the island the farm
wherever the hell they were the field
yeah it's not real so they weren't
anywhere okay then the next one
happened oh okay okay so you've seen the
Magic School Bus right yeah okay so Miss
Frizzle wants to go on a field trip
because Arnold has colon cancer possibly
and they want to go see the the the palp
in his ass so Miss Frizzle shoots
Malaysia Airlines with a shrink ray and
then they the whole class goes on a
field trip in the plane into Arnold's
ass to cure his ass cancer so where is
the plane now in Arnold's ass it's still
in his ass well they cured the cancer by
flying the plane into the anal pop and
then the class swam out his ass oh so so
that's why he looks so upset cuz he has
a plane in his ass oh no that was his
face see like he's looking at the plane
like that's about to go in my ass Junior
you're insane the only thing that could
possibly have happened is this one
because I think the plane really is
underwater okay so if it's underwater
let's go get our goggles and go looking
for it Junior I don't think you
understand how big the ocean is and
besides this plane is so far underwater
it's probably even deeper than the
Titanic and you saw what happened to
those billionaires who tried to go down
there okay listen I can hold my breath
for a very long time right I mean we can
swim yeah we can do that you can't hold
it for long enough and you don't even
know where the plane is we know it's in
the ocean near Malaysia right no it left
like it left like 12 hours after it left
Malaysia is when it crashed look okay so
you get one part of the ocean you get
pacific you get Atlantic I get we can
split it up can you name another ocean
hold on this thing Pacific Atlantic
Indian Antarctic maybe Joseph is Right
Indian would have been one I mean Anar
it's not in the Indian Ocean in the
Malaysian ocean closer to there is no
Malaysian listen we're not going to find
the goddamn plane okay listen wait a
minute so you think it's underwater yes
it is it's underwater all right I got an
idea hold on you guys stay over here
it's a better idea what Jesus he's on
the S all right I got all this stuff
Junior what the hell is this so it's a
goldfish tank Cody and I bought a little
miniature version of the Malaysian
Airlines plane that went missing and
we're going to put it at the bottom of
the fish tank take a picture send it to
the news and get our 10 million Junior
nobody's going to believe that well let
me put the plane at the bottom of the
fish tank and take a picture and then
you can tell me if it looks
believable oh man Cody look how good
that looks it looks so realistic and
check out this photo I got yeah so
believable I thought so too I'm going to
send it to the news Junior no one's
going to believe this you just said it
was so believable yeah make up your mind
dude I was being sarcastic this is not a
joking matter Cody this is serious
business Junior you put a model of a
missing plane at the bottom of a fish
tank nothing about this is serious Cody
just shut up and help me decide which
picture I'm going to send to the news I
got this regular photo but I also got
this sick selfie Junior you can see the
fish tank yeah and I don't like my nose
in it I I'll probably just send him the
regular photo Junior I would not send
that to the news why not because it's
not believable what's not believable
about the photo okay if this is the
bottom of the ocean how did you get down
there I swam you swam yeah people know
how to swim with their arms duh how do
you think people get to space with
spaceships yeah duh 2 plus 2 equals 4
okay if this is the bottom of the ocean
why is there so much light because
there's a flash on my iPhone idiot and
there are goldfish down there too yes no
there's not have you ever been to the
bottom of the ocean no no one has I have
with this photo and there are goldfish
down there you didn't go down there I
did no no you didn't how I the photo you
know everything Cody he know I know I I
got the photo I've been down there okay
so there's just giant Tiki head on heads
on the bottom of the ocean yes but no
there's not have you been at the bottom
of the ocean no then shut your trap I've
been down there Junior don't send this
to the news it's offensive how is it
offensive people died how do you know
they're dead well because they've been
missing for 10 years doesn't mean
they're dead they could be on an island
somewhere alive happy no I'm pretty sure
they're dead no no it's offensive that
you think they're dead there's family
members out there that think they're
alive and you're sitting there telling
them it's dead that's offensive yeah
[ __ ] I got hope no no no everybody
thinks they're dead I don't I think
they're alive no yeah yeah yeah you
think they're alive Joseph thinks
they're alive yep they are you think
they're safely tucked away up Arnold's
ass okay maybe that one didn't happen
yeah that one okay you I'm sending this
to the news and there's nothing you can
say breaking news m a kid has claimed
that he has found the Malaysian Airlines
plane resting at the bottom of the ocean
here's a picture of it now and now that
I'm looking at it I'm not so sure I
believe it Junior I am so embarrassed to
be your friend right now you're just
jealous cuz you're not getting $10
million cuz you weren't smart enough to
think outside the box and think of this
plan I'm not jealous of anything Junior
this is just
stupid that must be the bank with my
money the bank yeah the bank that's
paying me the 10 million which bank ma
Malaysia Bank of hello hey there you the
kid that found the Malaysian plane yes I
am do you have my money yep we got a
check right here for $10 million from
the bank of Malaysia give me give me
give me give me no no no no no no hold
on we have to have the plane in hand
first before we can give you your money
but the plan's at the bottom of the
ocean yeah but we just need you to show
us about where it is okay if you just
pull up a map I can just point at it and
then take my check okay we'll come on in
what no no no no quick quick quick cover
up the tank what's going on dude the
cops are here I'm out of here dude all
right kid so if you just show us on a
map about where that plane is we'll give
you your money okay pull up a map wait
what's under the towel I'm also curious
uh it's uh it's drugs drugs Junior why
would you say that it's not drugs it's
not so it's not drugs no it's it's uh
it's two animals wait they're animals
right yes Junior those are animals wait
fish are animals okay now I'm very
curious I have to see what that is what
what what the hell is this uh it's the
missing plane wait so you're just trying
to scam us no no no no no that's the
real actual plane then why is it so
small it's been sitting in water for 10
years it shrinks after a while huh I
guess my wiener does shrink in cold
water so I guess a plane could shrink
that much after 10 years yeah if you
don't believe that look at this Miss
Frizzle actually shrink it with her
shrink ray to go in arie's ass okay now
I'm starting to think this is a joke oh
no no whichever one you believe is the
truth
H wait why'd you rip up my money why I
would believe everything you said if I
hadn't already found the box for the
plane oh oh oh [ __ ] yeah no money for
you
oh a damn it
[Music]
[ __ ]