oh my bibs can I borrow 50 so I can give
me some chicken from the KFC KFC does
not cost 50 Dougie it does when you buy
lops of it why do you need a lot of it
cause it's so really good well I don't
have 50 Dougie I'm trying to watch TV so
go away
Whopper Whopper Whopper Whopper
cause there is no way you're actually in
here man that commercial really made me
want to go get some McDonald's well if
you're going to McDonald's can you run
through she can give me the family size
chicken with the whistles and macaroni
Coronas no Dougie how about you get a
job and make your own money what
what so I stole a thousand dollars out
to register and come to find out the
security cameras did work and they
caught me red hand dips and and when
they was arrested me I said I thought
you guys said that the security cameras
ain't work and the man just said it was
a traps so now no one will hire me well
Doug it sounds like it's your problem
s well I don't see that happening Dougie
[Music]
breaking news Okay KFC is offering free
chicken for life to anyone who can make
them a new theme song that includes
their new five-piece chicken meal for
4.99 you gotta be kidding me you see
that my [ __ ]
it was right a kitchen jingle about how
I love chicken so really good but ducky
you don't know how to make a song yes I
do
a piece of pop-ups in a pimps imma go
grabs it on my bills I'ma start writing
the lyrics to my song I like chickens so
good how do you spell chicken see you
don't even know how to write Dougie also
you're saying I should freestyle a good
idea my bibs let me get the microphone
oh my God
I'm on this so I can record now well can
you record in another room I'm trying to
watch TV no I wanna
I wanted K if C is really really good
KNC is really really good cake
[Music]
KFC I love that chicken it's so greasy
but finger lick it breast and a thigh
ain't talking about chicken back on
topic cause now I'm sipping slap my
chicken I stay pivot barbecue sauce I'm
straight dipping gold chain on cause I
be dripping 12 cup of soda that Pepsi
I'm sipping tinners and breasts don't
forget my size if you got money come
along for the ride chicken is good so
hard to find if you can't taste it your
tongue is blind so I'm saying [ __ ]
better be in the bag or I'll turn around
so fast so loud please
hey where'd the beat go oh there it is
it came back but like my daddy anyway
KFC five piece 4.99 go buy it cause it
really really so really good we think
about that my bibs I don't think KFC is
gonna want you to Rob out those
inappropriate things well I'ma submit
all right I'll just send it to the KFC
emails
who's that well hold on let me answer
the door Dougie hello hey is Dougie here
who uh yo your boy Dougie yeah yeah he's
upstairs oh well I'm here from KFC
Corporate I'm here because I heard that
dope ass song he made uh yeah yeah that
[ __ ] was straight gas uh uh uh the
fossil fuels who let him cook Mike my
compliments to the chef I'm trying to
say I liked his song or did he win the
competition well no but I I do want to
talk to him oh he's upstairs okay so can
I talk all right um hey Dougie this guy
from KFC is here to talk to you oh
get up well not quite but I can tell you
your song was one of the dankest well
what I'm supposed to do to win well you
see this other guy submitted a song that
might even be danker than yours no way
unfortunately yes Sway and I'm afraid he
might actually win why do you care if he
wins well I was really hoping we could
rig the competition so Dougie could win
why would you want Dougie to win the
competition so he can split his free
fried chicken with me I love KFC chicken
you work for KFC don't you get free
chicken no they don't actually let us
eat the chicken not ever since this one
guy stole a bunch of money out of the
cash register hey wait a minute
chicken well do we even have to
after a song even good
good is the movie 80 for Brady good no
it's [ __ ] atrocious just stick to
football Tom but yeah the other guy's
song is pretty good he even has a music
video well then let's watch it what 80
for Brady no thank you I've seen it once
and that was enough no no I meant the
music video oh oh yeah hold on let me
get my phone all right check this out
okay Jonathan what do you want me to do
wait what is this this is me doing the
cinnamon challenge a couple years ago
and put in your mouth well I do like
cinnamon but Jonathan I gotta go fight
fires and figure out why I look like
this oh what's wrong you clean guy you
were shitty
no what okay fine I'll do it it can't be
that bad I mean just cinnamon right
okay
I could not stop coughing never try this
I thought I thought you were gonna show
me the music video oh yeah yeah hey here
you go yo KFC
I need some chicken hunger yo okay
I need some chicken
[Music]
what I need some chicken
I need some chicken leave my chicken
extra Christmas place my order don't
forget me how many pieces you need I had
to tell the lady 50 need my biscuit in
my sauces don't care how much that [ __ ]
cost as if you get my order wrong I'll
leave you lick it like a foster side of
mac and cheese don't have to tell you
please make sure my chicken extra
crunchy went inside the grease got your
girl on the knees munching on chicken
wings she said it's too hot like it was
200 degrees ah KFC chicken five piece
huh oh for 4.99 what who could beat that
[ __ ] who could beat that nobody can huh
[ __ ] man that was really good yeah a
little too damn good we should kill him
what yeah he can't win the competition
if he's dead no we're not gonna kill
anyone over chicken it's free chicken
how about we do something less illegal
hmm yeah we should kidnap his kid and
then hold his kid for ransom until he
drops out of the competition We're Not
Gonna kidnap a kid over chicken it's not
just chicken it's 11 herbs and spices on
the chicken it's KFC okay you see this
man this is Colonel Sanders he's him
this is the face of a man who would
kidnap another man's kid for some free
chicken who knows what he would do for
his chicken how about we just re-record
the song and make it better nah that
sounds boring I think we should do the
kidnapping what do you think Dougie I'm
down with it whatever we've got to do to
get the chicken see that's the mentality
I like yes we should do the kidnapping
now I did my research I know he has a
son and he has a wife we could kidnap
but I think we should go for the kid
because it really hits you right in the
heart well I don't want anything to do
with this well me and you have to do it
Marvin because if Dougie gets caught
he'll be disqualified and we can't have
that I'm not kidnapping a kid it has to
just be me and you Marvin two normal
guys with mustaches you work for KFC
they're gonna know they're not gonna
know come on Marvin kidnapping chicken
come on okay fine yeah come on all right
the kid lives here okay so you wanna
like go around to this window and like
kidnap him through his room no we're
just gonna bring the doorbell ring the
doorbell where's the parents answering
the call the cops the parents aren't
gonna answer look only three people live
here the mom the dad and the kid and who
always answers the door the kid because
the parents are too lazy what if the kid
doesn't answer the door it's gonna be
the kid don't worry okay I know what I'm
talking about
hello [ __ ] oh what do you find robbers
want uh uh we were just in the
neighborhood and we were wondering if
your son was home yeah he's home but
what do you need him for uh we we are
with the FRA the future robbers of
America and we go around recruiting kids
to be robbers and we wanted to know if
your son would be interested you know we
could take him on a Rob along show them
the ropes that's why we brought this
rope oh I think he'd love that let me go
get him Cody there's some very nice
rabbits at the door to see you what I'm
sorry what robbers yeah there's these
two nice men in ski masks with rope and
they want to talk to you no Mom calls
the police now Cody everybody deserves
Second Chances and besides they have a
very wonderful opportunity for you what
are they selling crime Scout cookies no
what if they kidnap me you're just gonna
end up having to call Liam Neeson now
Cody I'm not gonna ask you again you go
talk to those robbers or I'm taking away
your bidet privileges
I do really like that bidet okay I'll
talk to him
uh hello
all right we got him so what do we do
now uh what's going on here oh we're
kidnapping you oh okay I just want to
know how many I'm gonna take it once I
really wish I had a chance to shower
before I came here the pizza in the
school cafeteria gives me the runs and I
don't know if anybody wants to take the
water slide down the sewage plant well
no we kidnapped you so we could talk to
your dad you guys know he has a phone
right you could have just called him
well yeah yeah yeah that's right give us
his phone number so that we can call him
and then we can tell him that if he
doesn't drop out of the KFC competition
we're going to kill you okay Marvin grab
your phone don't say my name oh [ __ ] his
name's not actually Marvin his name is
Gary Marvin's his secret name yeah
that's not my name okay you know I'm
over here all the time I know who owns
this house and that guy's not even
wearing a mask but doggy what the hell
are you doing here oh was that not
supposed to be
no it's it's uh it's it's Mark yeah okay
get your phone oh okay not Marvin no no
uh Gary no that's your okay it's ringing
all right kid tell your dad we're gonna
kill you if he doesn't drop out of that
KFC competition okay hello hey Dad I got
kidnapped and these guys say they're
gonna kill me if you don't drop out of
some kind of KFC competition well I
already got the chicken cause I won wait
hold on you already have the chicken
yeah they dropped it all right now oh
well we have your son so if you don't
give us some of that chicken we're gonna
kill him I don't care about that boy
I'll just be banging his mama
oh okay then well sorry to bother you
bye yeah bye well I mean you heard that
that it was on speakerphone oh yeah I
already knew he wasn't my dad that's not
really a surprise okay well you're gonna
be cool if we just like let you go right
you're not gonna tell on us oh no I'm
actually into this kind of thing so this
is great for me if you don't mind I just
want to stay tied up okay sure
well we lost
so I don't get no chicken no we lost the
competition
yeah
who wants to go to Popeyes
oh love me some boo-boo yeah Popeye's
pretty good yeah I like Popeyes okay
everybody hop on my big long invisible
horse
[Music]
man that was really good yeah a little
too good
I think we should kill him okay