last time on Jeffy Ball Z just when
Jeffy finally got to use a wish and
everything seemed peaceful a mysterious
figure emerged from the darkness is he
Friend or Foe let's find out so we're
cool right right man we're cool right
we're cool you got me and my wife killed
yeah but I died too and hey look we're
all back to life now so we're cool but
you didn't know you were going to die no
but everything worked out so we're cool
but if you could go back in time and
make that same deal but you know you
won't die would you do it again oh yeah
yeah yeah for sure but that guy's dead
so I could never do that so we're cool
right right we're cool I can tell by the
look on your face that we're cool yeah
we're cool I'm going to leave Jeffy you
got to cut this Dragon Ball [ __ ] out but
Daddy if I collect all the dragon balls
then I could wish to be the biggest
super sandwich the world has ever seen
no Jeffy you don't have to look for any
more Dragon Balls just cut it out
because you got us killed last time but
I want my wish no Jeffy you already used
a wish well I had to use it to wish you
guys back alive now if I get another
wish I could wish for infinite wishes I
mean you could wish for infinite wishes
there finally after 20 years of
experimentation I Dr jro fle shits have
finally completed the perfect Android
the perfect tool for world domination
Android 19 which is way cooler and more
successful than my last experiment
covid-19 which I really thought was
going to cure the flu and boy was I
wrong that was a huge disaster but
anyway Android 19 will show the world
just how smart and sexy I am and all of
the women of the world would say Dr
finger shits you are so smart and sexy
and they will want to rob my big
beautiful uncircumcised brain especially
the fat ones I am a bit of a chubby
chaser I want to be able to grab any
part of her it feel like boobies don't
judge me okay now Android 19 rise rise
and go find me the sexiest fattest woman
to be my queen Yes master
yes Jeffy I think the smartest decision
is to not Chase those dragon balls
anymore me what the hell is that hey
what are you doing fat Barrel chested
woman acquired excuse me you are coming
with me hey you get away from my mommy
Photon
laser see Jeffy that's why you have to
cut this Dragon Ball [ __ ] out there's a
random robot in the house sciatic pain
what my sciatic nerve no one gets on my
daddy's nerves except for
me why didn't it work I am in impious to
energy blast Photon
laser now come with me tubby no Jeffy go
save her go save her right now I can't
I'm too weak maybe you're right daddy
maybe I should give up the dragon balls
no don't give it up go get Rose and then
give up no daddy he's too powerful no
Jeffy come on you can find him I quit
you have yellow hair Jeffy my Sonic
nerve jimy it hurts it hurts so bad go
get RS jimy oh I'm so excited for for my
fat beautiful queen master I have
brought you a fat Barrel chested female
as you requested what is this she is not
fat thank you well she is a little bit
fat but I want it big obese gigantic
like my 600lb life well she is a little
Barrel chested Z I'll give you that hey
I'm sorry Master I have failed you yes
you have and since you can't do your job
right I will take care of her myself
come with me not very fat
lady I'm a failure I couldn't even save
my own mom I'm too
weak what's going on Jeff you got your
depressed hair on my mom got kidnapped
and I'm too weak to save her I'm giving
up forever Junior don't give up you can
get stronger you can go save her no I
can't I'm a failure and I'm never going
to be strong enough again well this's
this guy I know he can train you to be
stronger how how Junior well all you
have to do is bring him a cheesecake and
he'll teach you how to get stronger if I
bring him a cheesecake I'll be strong
enough to save my mom yeah I think so
then let's bring him a cheesecake I I
have to save my mom Junior come on let's
go all right Jeffy there's the
cheesecake grab it okay what are you
losers doing in my kitchen oh no it's
Chef peee put that cheesecake back
before I turn you into miss me oh no
Jeffy we're going to have to fight him I
can't I'm too weak okay then I guess I'm
going to have to fight you you're no
masch for my death fingers
thank God I beat him to it I thought he
had me all right let's go grab my phone
off the couch and put my wig back on and
then we can go go give the cheesecake to
the guy okay oh look there's my phone
I'll get it Jeffy how can you eat
cheesecake at a time like this Rose is
kidnapped you need to save her well
that's exactly why I need the cheesecake
so I can get stronger no cheesecake's
not going to make you stronger it's
going to make you have diarrhea
hopefully look there's the
news breaking news M cake a mad
scientist has kidnapped a woman and he
has something he wants to tell the world
let's go to that
now quiet hello world I am Dr jro fle
shits and my mustache is falling off
godamn
it
please I bet you're wondering why I'm on
your television screen well I will tell
you I want the dragon boss and I will
execute this not very fat lady every
hold hold
please I will execute this not very fat
lady in 24 hours if I do not get the
dragon balls and I will execute another
not fat lady whatever if I don't get the
dragon balls in another 24 hours and if
you're thinking about stopping me don't
because I have this very scary robot who
will kill you thank you very much oh no
that crazy s is going to kill rose you
have to get the dragon balls and give
them to him or I could get the dragon
balls and wish for mommy to be safe like
she just poofs out of there like Po poof
or we can get the dragon balls and then
go beat up that scientist and get Rose
back and then we can use the Dragon
Balls to wish for something cool like a
spaceship or you guys can say screw it
to the dragon balls and go beat up the
scientist right now and get Rose back
before he kills her well I got to go get
strong first I got your phone jior you
better hurry Jeffy you better hurry look
Jeffy there it is there's the chamber
what are you doing in my swamp well Mr
shami um jeffy's Mom she got kidnapped
and we need to go save her cuz she'll be
killed in 24 hours so we were wondering
if we could use your chamber to train do
you even know what this chamber is it's
a hyperbolic time donkey chamber every
hour spent in this chamber is equivalent
to one day here on Earth I know and
that's why we want to use it to train
well the only way I'm going to let you
use my chamber is if you bring me the
Sarah Le creamy cream
cheesecake Jeffy hand it to
him there she is the S Le classic creamy
cheese creamy cake smooth and creamy no
artificial flavors
cheesecake I will now make love you guys
go ahead and go in the chamber and do
whatever you have to
do all right Jeffy you go in first and
then after 12 hours you come out and let
me go
in strong as [ __ ] wa Jeffy you look so
strong my turn my turn hold on there
donkey only one inry part of Cheesecake
so if you want to go into the chamber
you have have to bring me a creamy cream
cream cheesecake but we only had one
cheesecake well then get the hell out of
my swamp oh I want to be strong but at
least you're strong now Jeffy let's go
[ __ ] yeah Daddy I'm ready to kick the
[ __ ] out of somebody whoa Jeffy what
happened to your hair I put gel in it
and I also went super Riri
too so you're strong enough to go save
Rose yeah come on Junior let's go kick
some
Supernatural ass there I had to take
your mouth because you are being so
annoying with all of the please don't
kill me and I don't want to die shut up
well now it has been 23 hours in 59
minutes so in 1 minute I can finally
kill you hey stop right there stay away
from my money you are too late man who
uses too much hairspray it's actually
hair gel well it doesn't matter because
I'm going to kill your mommy no you're
not come on Jeffy let's kick his ass
it's pointless to even try Android 19
kill them yes master come on Jeffy I got
this it's just a stupid Little Robot
sciatic pain my back oh my God it hurts
I
be you done did it now I'm going to
power up my RPMs my retards per
minute I already told you that your
attacks are
pointless what yeah I lost the chromy
but I found it me Android 19 what the
hell was that he is too powerful master
or do something kill him credit
malfunction Global self-destruct
happening in 10 seconds yes you hear
that Global self-destruct now you're in
trouble wait did you say Global he's
going to blow up the entire world do
something kill him you [ __ ] did it
[ __ ] take him take him somewhere I
don't want any instant transition oh my
God I'm a girl give me Awards Woman of
the Year oh wait wrong one Instant
Transmission I brought us in space so
when you explode you won't hurt any bu
oh wait what about
me okay here's your wife Rose you're
back but where's Jeffy oh well I got my
ass kicked by the robot because he
kicked me in the sidic nerve what mine
too he hit me in the back is Jeffy okay
look the news breaking news m a robot
was going to self-destruct and destroy
the entire world but some guy named
Jeffrey took the robot into space and
sacrificed himself to save the world but
he is dead wa Jeffy dead
[Applause]
no after a grueling battle where Jeffy
rescued his mommy he made the noble
sacrifice to save the Earth blowing
himself up in the process will Marvin
and Junior's sciatic nerves ever recover
is Jeffy really dead find out next time
on Jeffy Ball Z
[Music]