oh di what's wrong Jeffy my pit worm
wormy died that's a Cheeto puff Jeffy no
it's not it's a worm and he's dead okay
how do you know he's dead cuz he's not
moving so what' he do when he was alive
he would do tricks like what like Sit
Stay and eat treats he is a treat Jeff
he's a Cheeto puff but he's dead he's my
wormy and he's dead I want to have a
funeral for him oh you want to have a
funeral why don't you just eat him cuz
he's a Cheeto puff I don't want to eat
him it's a worm D I want you have a
funeral in your backyard in the backyard
Jeffy it's freezing outside I don't care
I want you bury him and I want him to
have a funeral okay fine Jeffy grab your
damn Cheeto puff
crap man this smells so good hey Chef
peipi not right now Junior oh my bad
Marvin I thought you were Junior for a
second you sound just like him yeah I I
get that a lot what are you making oh
just making chicken nuggets from scratch
I see the McDonald's box right there no
no the hell you don't that's not from
McDonald's look it's a McDonald's box
but I got it out the trash can okay I
need a little motivation to make some
good ass chicken nuggets like McDonald's
does well I was just wondering if I
could borrow your shovel my shovel PE PE
shovel passed down from generation and
generation and generation from Sir peeps
a lot yes I yes I that shovel uh well
sure you can borrow it but look you
better not break it Marvin it's a shovel
how am I going to break a shovel you can
break the damn handle smart ass do you
want to come to wormy's funeral that's a
Cheeto no it's not don't wor me well
well excuse me I'm sorry but look I
don't care about funerals anyway I'm
just making chicken nuggets I'll bring
your trouble back thank you
sir all right Jeffy there's your hole
for your Cheeto it's not a Cheeto it's a
worm just put your Cheeto in there hey
there sorry I'm late who's this I hired
a minister to officiate the funeral it's
not a real funeral how much this going
to cost I'll send you a check in the
mail all right let's get started we're
gathered here today to celebrate the
life of wormy who was a worm I will now
sing
amazing grave power sweet wait what is
that Holy guaca Mo van bug ball that
looks like a dinosaur tooth Jeffy grab
that okay it is a dinosaur too run home
with it Jeffy run home as fast as you
can I
will meat Jeffy do you think this is
worth any amount of money this dick okay
well maybe we should call a valuable
inspector to see how valuable it is
okay that must be him see valuable
inspectors they listen for things that
may be valuable so then they show up to
determine how valuable it is
good all right so bring him to the door
hello hello I am Vincent V valuable the
valuable inspector well we have
something valuable for you to inspect
this dick Jeffy stop it oh I know I
smelled it from all the way across town
give it here wait my dick or this tooth
the tooth Jeffy oh here o look at this I
must take a closer
look oh I must take an even closer look
oh yes this is a genuine wi dinosaur
tooth
valuable wait what does that mean well
you see the pitch of my voice indicates
how valuable of an item it is for
instance this penny valuable and this
baseball signed by Ken griffy Jr
valuable but this dinosaur tooth
valuable well how much money is it worth
well you see this isn't just any
dinosaur tooth this is the tooth of the
stus orus asaurus the very dinosaur that
was hit by the meteor that killed the
dinosaur well if I found that tooth in
my backyard that means the rest of the
dinosaur should be back there no you see
it hit the dinosaur so hard his tooth
flew all the way from Mexico into your
backyard the rest of the dinosaur was
disintegrated but this is the only piece
left which makes it valuable well how
much is it worth let me do the
math care the two oh no I [ __ ] up
contrl Z look at that I spelled boobies
on the calculator isn't that funny but
seriously
l i estimate this tooth is worth $1
billion $1 billion you grab the tooth
give me thank you so much ben Von
valuable glad to be of service T Jeffy
come on a billion dollars oh my God
Jeffy we have a billion doll dinosaur
tooth but you can't let anyone know we
have this because someone's going to try
to steal it what's up Instagram live
it's [ __ ] [ __ ] meoo back at it again and
I'm here with my billion dooll dinosaur
too that I found in the backyard and it
belongs to a stuff in my coasa ass Jeffy
get off Instagram live why because Jeffy
you can't let people know we have a
dinosaur tooth worth a billion dollars
cuz people are going to want to steal it
well they can stuff it they're going to
stuff it in their pocket when they sell
it for a billions of dollars and they
steal it from us they're not going to
steal it from us Dy oh no there's
someone at the door I bet it's someone
from your stupid Instagram live who
wants to steal from us we're not
answering the door good my phone's
ringing I bet someone trying to steal it
hello Marvin answer the door it's cold
out here my Wier starting to look like a
button oh sorry Goodman I didn't answer
it cuz I thought it was someone trying
to steal from me steal from you what
could you possibly have that somebody
would want to steal from you a billion
dollar dinosaur tooth a [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] what no nothing he didn't say
anything what did he say Marvin he just
got on watching Jurassic Park so he's
talking about dinosaurs listen I'm
coming what okay like just standing
there in your pants you're just going to
lay an oyster in your pants no I'm
coming to the door but your door is not
that attractive Marvin no I'm on my
way hello your door is all sticky now I
wanted to see what all the hyp was about
oh God that's disgusting and you can
probably make an only fans with your
doorbell footage what are you doing here
well I was scrolling on Instagram and I
noticed that [ __ ] [ __ ] Magoo was on
Instagram live showing off his billion-
dooll dinosaur tooth that he found in
the backyard oh yeah me and Jeffy did
see that he's so lucky he has the same
red couches it's weird yeah it is weird
especially when I hear your voice tell
Jeffy to get off Instagram live and then
right after that I hear my phone call in
the background that didn't happen yes it
did in fact [ __ ] [ __ ] Meo is still on
Instagram live right now no he's not yes
he is ion doll dinosaur too billion
dollar dinosaur too hey everybody I have
it right now in my house I have a
billion dollar dinosaur too that I found
your my back yo Jeffy get off Instagram
live right now stop it well anyway I
want my billion doll dinosaur too no
it's mine I found it finers Keepers yes
but you found it on my land and it's my
land because my bank owns it and it's
and it's mine until you pay it off which
you seem to not do cuz you don't make
your house payments okay but it's still
mine because I found it in the backyard
like it was in the house it was no it's
mine and I'm coming in to get it no no
no no no Jeffy put it in your ass Jeffy
Jeffy get rid of the
tooth Jeffy where is it I Ain it what
Jeffy did you really eat it yep and J my
belly well they poop it out or something
throw it up look we're just going to
have to wait for him to poop it out
that's going to take a few days so I'll
call you when it's out Marvin do you
think I'm [ __ ] stupid you're not
going to call me if that tooth comes out
cuz you want the money all for yourself
so we're going to sit right here until
that tooth comes out oh it's going to
take forever ever well then we're going
to call a doctor because I want that
tooth out right now even if we have to
cut his stomach open no don't do that
hey there somebody call a doctor yeah I
need you to stick your hand up his ass
oh he's curious huh yeah I've been there
oh that that's why a friend of mine
tried it with a girl and he said it was
the best thing he ever felt it's like
all he can think about now so just be
warned if you do it anybody you date
from now on is going to have to get used
to sticking their hand up your ass and
if you can't find a girl then maybe you
got to like pay a guy to do it but it's
not gay cuz you don't care that he's a
guy it's just it's about the feeling
that that's what my friend said I'm
almost inclined just to spit on my own
hand and shove it up his ass please oh
you said his ass well what do you want
to get out of his ass so bad a billion
doll tooth h a billion dollars huh I
could pay a lot of guys to stick their
hand up my ass for that much money yeah
sure I I can help you with that but I
going to have to take him back to the
hospital because I don't have an x-ray
machine to see where the tooth is in his
ass and you guys are going to have to
stay here cuz there was a monkey pox
outbreak at the hospital so you guys
can't come with me so I'll just get the
tooth out of his ass at the hospital and
then bring the tooth back here do you
think I'm [ __ ] stupid yes well I'm
not going to let him out of my sight I
want that billion doll tooth well so do
I now that I know there's a billion
dollar tooth in his ass but you didn't
do anything for it but now it's my
problem because I know about it well I
just think we should split it four ways
think about it 250 million each 250
million for Jeffy 250 million for you
250 million for me and 250 million for
you H I kind of want all of it you
haven't even been here well I know
listen it's mine because it's on my land
well it's mine because I dug it up out
of the ground well it should be mine cuz
I'm going to get it out of his ass hey
Marvin what did you do with my great
great grandpy shovel oh yeah sorry Chef
peipe I left it outside I got distracted
cuz we dug up a billion dollar dinosaur
tooth what how much was that a billion
God damn that is a lot of money and you
use my grandpappy shovel right yes so I
am inclined to some of that money right
no you're not I'm the one who found it
Finders Keepers I saw it with my eyes
well [ __ ] your eyes you used my shovel
didn't you well we wouldn't have been
digging a hole if it wasn't for money my
dead wormy and none of you would have
been here because this house is on my
land and I'm the one who pointed out it
looked like a dinosaur tooth well yeah
you wouldn't be able to get the tooth
out of his ass without me I mean not
right now I mean you could probably wait
a few days and he'd poop it out please
don't kick me out I want to be part of
this no but I would have known how
valuable it was if it wasn't for me okay
everyone stop it I'm the one who found
it I'm the one who saw it it's my tooth
listen you're a billionaire you don't
need it you're a TV announcer you paid
you're a doctor you're paid mhm
I'm okay I'll split some of the money
with you okay but it's my tooth and I
don't think we should ever split the
money it should just be me guys I'm
starting to think maybe we should split
the money because I don't think I'm
going to get anything well what would
even be a billion dollar split seven
ways that'd be about $143 million each a
that's not I
can't like that I mean come on guys I
think you guys are being greedy that
sounds pretty good to me I mean yeah 143
million each for all of us how about we
all agree to split it okay yeah we are
agree
guess
fuing Me Maybe you stick your hand in my
ass now hold on just one moment I think
my voice may have made a mistake toss me
the Troth okay I'll get
it
[Music]
h valuable do you hear that it's not
very valuable at all it turns out this
tooth belonged to the lickalotapus the
lesbian dinosaur so it's not very
valuable and I'll be taking it to the
trash
to look at us just trying to kill each
other over a tooth that wasn't even
worth anything just a bunch of fool yeah
wait how do we know he's not lying get
the back
[Music]