hey Daddy touch my bubble pipe Jeffy
stop it oh come on Daddy meet me Bubble
Jeffy I said stop it oh come on Daddy
please get that out of my face oh I'm
going to
Bubble stop it jimy perf lock the
news breaking news Paris has kicked off
the 2024 Olympic Games and it's going to
be a good one this year with notable
Stars such as Usain Bolt Michael Phelps
LeBron James oh Marvin it was always a
dream of mine to be in the Olympics what
do you want to compete in oh no I didn't
want to compete I just wanted to go and
like watch oh hey daddy do you think
they have Olympics for shooting bubbles
in people's faces no I I don't think
they have that you need to stop that
Jeffy stop it you could even be in the
regular Olympics you'd have to be in the
Special Olympics Marvin they have
Special Olympics yeah they have Olympics
for special people just like you Jeffy
oh I can be in the Olympics cuz I'm
special yeah you should go like practice
so you can go compete yeah I'm going to
go train right
now what are you doing so what's this
board game Cody chicken versus hot dog
how do you play well I think I just sit
on the hot dog while you guys go through
the cards and play UNO I don't [ __ ]
know I win how'd you win look at me
Junior I'm winning hey guys I want to be
in the Olympics you can't be in the
Olympics Jeff you have to be really
athletic to do that but my daddy said
that there's a special Olympic just for
me Special Olympics oh yeah the par
Olympics what what's the difference
between the Olympics and the par
Olympics well it's a special kind of
Olympics for people who have handicaps
like people in wheelchairs and stuff
you're telling me I can compete against
people in wheelchairs that'd be so easy
no because you have to have a handicap
to compete I st have my toe on that
doesn't count wait so you're telling me
I could fake an injury and then go up
against actual injured people and win
gold medals well you could but that
would be cheating oh my God that'd be so
cool but what if we recorded ourselves
doing something dangerous so it looks
like we're injured so then people would
believe our injuries so we get gold
medals well I guess you could do that
all right so let's go do something
dangerous and record ourselves so we
have proof that we are injured dude I'm
going I'm going to jump off your roof
head first yeah do that yeah and I'm
going to run and jump down my stairs and
like fall o nice choice you guys might
actually get seriously injured and then
we wouldn't be cheaters now would we
Cody no I guess you wouldn't all right
I'm going to get my phone recorded and
Cody you don't need a handicap because
you're you're blind but I'm not blind I
just wear glasses but if you took your
glasses off then you'd still be blind no
I wouldn't I'm artistic yeah and Jeffy
can paint so let's go fake our injuries
guys woohoo all right kids you're all
bandaged up so what made your friend
want to jump off the roof head first and
then you drag his body in the road so he
could get hit by a car we were trying to
fake injuries so we could join the
Olympics oh is that why you threw
yourself down your stairs yeah I wanted
to fake a broken leg well you broke it
for real well we just thought that if we
faked our injuries we could compete
against people with real injuries and
get easy gold medals Oh you mean the par
Olympics huh that's actually not a bad
idea you guys are actually injured so I
guess you could compete and you'd
probably win too wait a minute 1 2 3
four handicap kids you know if I got a
kid with cancer from the Cancer Ward I
bet we could actually compete in the
real par Olympics and win a whole bunch
of gold medals you think we could do
that yeah I think so come on let's go to
Paris and
compete all right kids ready for the
easiest gold medal you'll ever get yeah
hello and welcome to the 2024 Paris
Olympics today's basketball matchup
winner will win this gold medal now
let's meet the USA team starting with
LeBron James
Sprite
cranberry that's too easy next up sta
McFlurry I I mean Curry but
damn next up Nicola
yic you B
I just want my horses don't worry buddy
you'll get back to your horses soon next
up Luca
donic and the final teammate Caitlyn
Clark me likey
basketball
oh oh yeah big di play thank you they
good what the [ __ ] they're not
handicapped at all those are superstars
hold on I got to go talk to the
announcer hey man what the [ __ ] you got
a problem yeah I got a problem this is
supposed to be the par Olympics why is
LeBron James out there he's not
handicapped oh well this isn't the par
Olympics this is the Paris Olympics the
par Olympics are next week oh I am so
stupid but still I have a lot of
questions why are Luca donic and Nicola
yic out there they're not even from
America why are they on the USA team oh
they just wanted to get easy gold medals
yeah yeah I actually had the same idea
except I was trying to cheat against
handicapped people but still those are
kids why are you even allowing them to
compete in this competition well nobody
wanted to go up against those guys yeah
yeah that does make sense yeah yeah well
kids we're [ __ ] just play your hardest
but we're definitely getting silver
medals let's get started yeah Junior I
think we're going to get destroyed
go what what are we supposed to do I
guess should we go over
there grab my horse oh damn the whole
USA team just scored one big slam dunk
is that legal can can they do that can
they just embarrass us on International
TV like that you know that kid over
there in the wheelchair has cancer his
mom is watching and he's not even faking
he really has cancer all right Cody I'm
going to inbound it to you no Junior
LeBron is right on me me and my son play
on the same team I know LeBron hey
LeBron there's a Sprite cranberry over
there what where run
Cody oh hey Mr Steph Curry I heard your
wife wants other men hey Go pass me the
ball I like horses Jeffy Joseph's open
in the corner
okay why would you pass it to the kid in
the body cast that's a ball that's our
ball right yes LeBron that's your ball
it went out of bounds give me give me
Curry from half
court bang Curry from half court time
out time out did you not just see Steph
Curry kick the kid in the wheelchair no
I'm going to go check on him yeah Cur
that's going call my
[Music]
Curry kid kid are you okay Coach I'm
going to miss my chemo appointment okay
that's it we forfeit this is just
sad team handicap forfeits Team USA win
WIS come get your medals boys
congratulations on the gold medal Nia I
don't give [ __ ] about medal I want to
play with horses congrats Luca I just
want to play Xbox congratulations LeBron
I'm going celebrate this Victory with a
Sprite cranberry congrats Chef
Curry and congratulations Caitlyn Clark
I have penis hello and welcome to the
next Olympic event the 100 meter
freestyle swim now let's introduce the
first Olympic Athlete 23 time Gold Medal
winner Michael
Phelps and going up against him a bunch
of handicapped
kids well kids this isn't [ __ ] Fair
how am I going to swim with crutches I
guess you don't I didn't bring any
goggles okay Jeffy do you have an
excuse oh I guess he's chicken well I
guess it's up to Joseph to beat Michael
Phelps then swimmers are you ready on
your marks get set swim
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh damn look at Michael philps go oh
damn he's going go Joseph go I think he
needs a push oh I got
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
him oh come on Joseph you're swimming
like you're drowning I guess the
stereotype is right people in full body
cast can't swim oh
[Music]
yeah oh the kid on the stretch is
drowning he is drowning Michael phelts
is almost at the end Michael Fels
wins congratulations Michael Phelps on
winning another gold
medal ah great Joseph now we lost you
just stay at the bottom of the pool and
think about what you did hello and
welcome to the final Olympic event the
100 m Dash our first runner for team
Jamaica is Usain
Bolt every little thing is going to be
all right and going up against him once
again a bunch of handicapped kids all
right kids who's ready to go up against
you say bolt I have bad knees because of
my fibromyalgia yeah and I broke my legs
froming crutches I have cancer but I can
try to roll fast enough coach oh good
idea you and Jeffy try to go after him
go after him don't you mean go against
him no you will be behind him Runner
on your mark get set
go Jeffy why aren't you running oh
that's what I'm supposed to do yes it's
a race oh was supposed to race him yes
well what I it well if you win you get a
metal do I want that yes of course you
want that all right I'll try oh your sa
bolt is hauling ass there's no way
anyone's catching
him oh look at that jeffy's coming from
behind no
Diddy oh it looks like it's going to be
a photo finish and oh I don't know who
won it's too close to call we're going
to have to let the Judge review the
results and what's your excuse my
wheelchair Wheels locked coach such a
quitter congratulations men on tying and
both winning gold medals I still believe
I won but you know what every little
thing going to be all right oh my God I
did it I actually won a gold medal I I
mean we did it yay we're good well kids
you tried your heart out of your asses
off and Jeffy actually won a gold medal
well isn't that like all of our gold
medals since we're like a team no no
it's his because he earned it isn't
Joseph still at the bottom of the pool
[Music]