guys it's spring break what do you want
to do today dude let's go inside and
throw the football or we could go to the
beach and look at hunky dudes or we can
go outside and poop in your backyard all
those things are possible because it's a
nice sunny day during spring break
Junior do you hear that oh dude is that
rain is that Thunder is that lightning I
didn't know it was supposed to rain
today oh no look
the weather channel breaking weather
news okay there's a 100 chance of rain
and thunderstorms all week so you better
stay inside and away from the beach
because of rip currents a hundred
percent chance of rain all week that's
100 chance and no fun what are we gonna
do now I don't know guys this is not
fair we finally get a week off of school
and we have to spend it inside I say we
still go outside yeah and I say we go to
the beach like Cody suggested but Junior
we can't go to the beach there's a
thunderstorm out there it's too
dangerous how is it dangerous we could
get struck by lightning not if we're
swimming in the water well that's even
where is because water conducts
electricity you know 47 of people who
get struck by lightning are at the beach
because you're the tallest thing in the
vicinity and lightning strikes anything
that's tall oh what if we're swimming
under the water well that's even worse
because we could get caught in a rip
current and sucked out to sea and then
drown and I could get my Yeezys wet my
Yeezys Junior my Yeezys well I still
want to go to the beach what if we just
throw the football at the beach but what
about the lightning Junior the lightning
listen okay everyone raise their hands
who wants to go to the beach
okay that's that's three people raise
your hand if you don't want to go to the
beach
why'd it take you so long to raise your
hand I had to rearrange my bones all
right look you're all voted three to one
so we're still going to the beach Cody
come on the junior see Cody this isn't
so bad Junior it's pouring out here and
there's lightning Cody look it's spring
break and we're gonna have fun at the
beach just enjoy Doo go along yeah go
along okay I'll go wrong throw it Joseph
oh damn it grab the ball Cody yeah
guys but the rip current there is no rip
Cody grab the ball yeah they don't exist
yeah okay
he's acting like he's afraid of water he
better get my football come here bro
let's grab the ball Cody
okay dude he's just playing around right
help me
oh no Joseph I think he drowned dude I'm
out of here Joseph what do we do
lifeguard Mr Mr Mr my friend just
drowned well that's what he gets for
swimming during a thunderstorm you're
not gonna save him and miss my beautiful
life yeah what whoa Cody
got it
oh man I said baby I need your help what
do you want junior I just got back from
the grocery store I got Gogurt you got
gogurts all right Gogurt yeah I want a
strawberry one we'll grab as many as you
want now what were you yelling about oh
uh I forgot do you remember Jeffy no I
just got go-gurts on my mind yeah should
we let us eat our yogurt and I'll see if
I remember whatever
oh man Jeffy this yogurt's so good I
just wish I could remember what I was
freaking out about yeah
oh yeah oh yeah [ __ ] baby
this looks good baby not right now
Junior I'm making lasagna but I remember
what I was freaking out about what is it
so earlier today me Joseph Cody and
Jeffy went to the beach during this
thunderstorm yeah during the storm and
Joseph threw a football and it went in
the water and then Cody went to go grab
it and then he got slopped in on a rip
current and they never came up what
oh yes he's dead man you are a horrible
friend now you gotta live with that on
your conscience
don't get no tears in my lasagna look
out of here
hey there somebody called a cop sorry it
took so long those roads out there are
wetter than a washing machine but you
know like the inside
because the outside doesn't usually get
wet unless there's a problem with the
machine
the person's report oh who's missing my
friend Cody oh well how long has he been
missing for maybe about 10 minutes what
do you just go home what are you lonely
well no we went to the beach but in this
weather yeah and then he was like trying
to get a football in the ocean and then
he went under and he started screaming
help and they never came back up well it
sounds like he drowned why didn't you
call me here and not at the beach
because I freaked out at the beach so I
came home and then I got a Go-Gurt and
then I called you wait you came here you
ate a Go-Gurt and then called me well I
kind of forgot why I came home and then
I saw Jeffy doing stuff like that and it
reminded me of my friend Cody because
he's a little weird wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute this is not making
any sense I'm gonna need one of these
gogurts before we continue this
conversation
well this is good yeah I'd abandoned a
friend for this this would definitely
help me get over a friend's death what
you really think he's dead
yeah it's pretty sad why do you think
he's dead well let's put it all together
he was screaming for help he went under
water and he didn't come back up kids
can you figure out what happened to Cody
that's right he drowned we just figured
out Blues Clues we just figured out
Blues Clues we just figured out Blues
Clues and now your friend is dead oh do
we do now there was nothing you can do
he's dead he's fish food goldfish flakes
Titanic ornaments Steve Irwin butter I
don't [ __ ] know do we tell his mom oh
yeah I probably would well can you go
tell her what me I don't want to do that
I hate telling people the kid's dead
it's so sad and I always cry for no
reason you know it's not that bad it's
like you have one less mouth to feed and
you have more free time you know that
vacation you've been wanting to go on
well now you can plane tickets are
expensive now you don't have to bring
your stupid dead kid along it's not that
bad hey check this out can you imagine
if this is my wiener just let's whip it
out like be huge it's not even open all
right I'm gonna go you guys you guys
have a good day
and done what do you think about my Cody
tribute Jeffy it's great Junior you're
really honoring his life yeah I thought
so too who's at the door let me go get
it hello hey is Cody here he didn't come
home for dinner yeah me and my baby got
two rounds in on the kitchen counter and
he didn't even come through the front
door yeah he usually walks in on us
during the first round yeah I was
getting it good tonight that's true yeah
I was putting on the show and that's all
I'm saying yep you did well Cody's not
here are you sure because he said he was
coming over here where is he I know he's
here he got to be here well you guys
come upstairs and look but he's not here
okay yeah I know y'all got some pastries
or something though coyote Cody are you
in here baby oh they got is botards well
hide them under your shirt Tyrone I
don't want him to know we only came here
to steal pastries yeah you're right
you're right oh what a lovely drawing of
Cody drowning what made you think of it
Chris Cody drowned in the ocean today
what what you talking about boy uh
nothing yeah when we went to the beach
Cody drowned in the ocean oh my God my
poor baby drowned yeah I was trying into
something earlier today ain't that right
baby it's true well listen there was an
accident Cody was trying to get a
football and then a rip current and took
him and he drowned oh by the look of
this picture you boys pushed him into
the ocean that's why you're all smiling
yeah it looks like a confession to me
yeah I'm gonna call the cops yeah we're
gonna Sue because you killed our son hey
baby look at this they got 120 pack of
Crayola you know they roll it in dope oh
good call Tyrone I mean
yeah lit it all up baby we gotta make it
look good for the camera I know how to
do it Tyrone this isn't my first Dead
kid I mean boohoo
you're right you're right look look I'm
Gonna Get Along hey there somebody
called a lawyer cop I didn't really know
what to wear so I just want my lawyer
outfit underneath my police uniform yes
officer I did those two boys over there
money
is this man
mainly a new recliner yeah the old one
don't recline like it used to yeah
Tyrone and his buddy were giving me the
old Eiffel Tower and it broke yes Steve
stillber was going way too hard huh oh
it's you kids did they cry when you told
them the sun was dead they look like
cryos I mean they kind of cry officer I
think these boys made our son drown on
purpose look how happy they are in the
picture I mean who goes to the beach in
a thunderstorm in your homo so that's a
few extra dollars cause that's a hate
crime yeah unfortunately it is okay kids
you're under arrest for suspected homo
side but we did not kill him well that
picture is pretty damning so you're
under arrest consider yourselves
arrested Simon says you're arrested so
when is court office assignment right
now come on let's go
check this out this is gonna be cool
look
order I am the honorable Judge pullback
today we will be hearing the case of Mr
and Mrs not kiss who say that these two
young boys cause their son Cody to drown
Junior Jeffy tell us your side of the
situation well your honor we all went to
the beach to throw the football and the
ball went in the water and Cody went to
grab it and he drowned I see yes and did
Cody want to get the football or did you
tell him to like like emperor
uh I did tell him to go grab it and he
didn't want to
all right so if you never told Cody to
get the football he wouldn't have gotten
it and he wouldn't have drowned and he
would still be alive today correct I
guess well that sounds pretty guilty to
me but I would like to make this sad and
hear from the dead boy's parents well
you're right Cody was my only son and I
lost him today because of negligence and
we also want to sue for some money yeah
money yes I understand so how much do
you think your son's life is worth come
on honey think of a good number you
always wanted to go to Bahamas on that
trip right that's true well whatever the
cost of a round trip to the Bahamas
would be Bahamas does sound nice that's
a done deal Junior
do you have anything to say that could
prove your innocence before I bang the
absolute ever loving [ __ ] out of this
guy well actually I do your honor I have
something that'll prove that we're
innocent I'm not the one who threw the
football and neither was Jeffy it was
our friend Joseph he threw the football
yeah it was totally Joseph who threw the
football I see and where is this Joseph
now I don't know he ran away saying I'm
out of here dude because he always does
that because of how guilty he is yep
that's not true we found this drawing
that Junior did plotting to kill my son
let me see this drawing
oh damn damn damn damn
d-a-m-n-dam this ladies and gentlemen is
the smoking again as you can see junior
Here is saying rest in peace Cody with a
smile on his face while Cody is drowning
with no football in sight this means
there is never a football and there will
never be a football so I have no choice
but to find you too guilty of
premeditated Mama side boom just like
that guilty guilty guilty guilty as many
times as I want I have all the power
here guilty guilty I am just like He-Man
by the power of gray skull got it I like
that guilty bailiff take them away
not so fast right googly moogly it's a
sea monster
I'm not a sea monster it's me Cody but
Cody your daddy you see the x's in the
eyes I thought I was dead because I was
drowning and then I got caught up in a
big old ball of seaweed that had a
pocket of air that I could breathe and
then I watched up on shore and I had to
walk home like this well if you're not
dead that means there was no homicide so
if there was no homicide that means no
cry was committed and if no crime was
committed that means no one is guilty
and if no one is guilty then that means
there's no reason for a trial which
means I can go home and eat my kids
cuisine God is a turn I'm taking yay
hey all right Cody take that Seaweed off
I am so upset I really wanted to go to
the Bahamas
sorry Cody for letting you drown no it's
fine drowning was fun it was no I'm
being sarcastic I'm very pissed off what
can I do to make you happy uh you know
what I want your 120 count box of
crayons but those are so expensive I
know okay fine you can keep it but I
want to keep Periwinkle deal what's up
dudes oh hey Joseph Cody's alive oh cool
did you get my football uh no I was
drowning what
[Music]
thank you
[Music]