yo Mario if I roll it in with he's nice
you gotta pay me $100 okay no pay or
whatnot black Yuchi I didn't agree to
pay you $100 I didn't agree to pay you
I'm dogs we get hung for anyway
cuz I'm so you don't need a hundred on
for chicken black yoshi like you why
don't you go get a job or something Marv
you know I can't work because of my
disability Oh what kind of disabilities
do you have man it's the white man
trying to bring your brother down it's
not a disability black Yoshi look how
are you digging the garbage can for
chicken or something look a homeless man
good night boy look who found some
chicken since you want to be all chilled
like you should wait to find this
chicken out next to the trash can you
know it's all great and gross yes my
leprechaun chica is lucky like you're
just not leprechaun checker that's not
lucky it's green because it's all moldy
and gross you can't eat this you're
gonna get sick all right what do you own
give me $100 to buy a new key no I can't
watch you eat this now I'm gonna get
sick of my CD step well Mar you just
don't want me to be happy and have my
cheeky so imma eat this right now but as
I feel like you actually ate that
chicken yeah because you would buy me
anything else like you should you're
gonna get sick
Mario I'm not gonna get exactly black
because you ate molding chicken
black Yorkie
but you see like if you stop playing I
know you just play around black Yoshi
[ __ ] you it's about money right you just
want money here's $100 you wanted to
just get up but you're G he's not taking
the money he must be really sick
dr. heylia somebody call it doctor
yes I did doctor I need your help my
friend eat this moldy green chicken that
he found by the garbage can and they
started feeling really sick insane he
was gonna throw up and they pass out and
now he's not waking up so do you have to
do that what what were you saying like
what did you did you see $100 bill that
was on the couch like a fire I wish I
saw $100 on your couch no anyway my
friend ate this moldy green chicken that
he found in the garbage can now he's
feeling really sick yeah he probably
shouldn't eat in that moldy green
chicken yes oh wow he's not waking up so
what can you like check for his pulse
but to check for his pulse me yeah yes
all right I can do that oh wow he's
really Holly burn my hand what yeah he's
hot
okay fine you got me I don't know how to
check for a pulse and I was just making
up an excuse okay I'll check for it
here's have a pulse wait how did you do
that show me so I can do it next time
he's not alive do CPR CP yard okay yeah
sure he's just so hot though you don't
know how to do CPR do you I do not
oh my god you got to do anything I mean
I'm here aren't I he's my get up oh good
good my work here is done I saved them
well what luggage are you okay more just
you feel so good oh we're gonna do you
ate some really bad chicken so let's go
buy you some new chicken let's make some
homemade chicken okay let's make you
feel good okay Mario let's go all right
Rach you're sure we're gonna make you
some homemade chicken to make you feel
better
are you all feel so C well Blackie oh
she's gonna take about 30 minutes to
cook so unless you know a faster way to
cook it we have to wait but I wanna run
oh yeah like lasers coming out of your
eyes oh oh there's some wrong with you
we have to call a doctor
hey they call a doctor again yes I did
see my friend ate that green chicken you
start acting weird and then he shot
lasers out of his eyes then you cook the
chicken are you looking for something
did you stop putting money here on your
couch what what do you want oh my friend
you know he ate that weird green chicken
stuff and then he cook this chicken with
its eyes well I told you he was hot well
no no no he shot lasers out of his eyes
okay I want some of whatever you're on
oh no he really did black ants you show
them the legs out of your eyes all right
Wow okay that's awesome yeah he could
shoot lasers out his eyes so how do you
fix that
fix it forget that I'm gonna go eat out
of the trash until I get superpowers
dude what oh yeah I think you might have
superpowers so so you can shoot lasers
out of your eyes maybe you have super
speed okay well let me see that I'm
gonna go see if I can steal a
PlayStation 4 from Best Buy
whoa like Yoshi it works yeah Mario ran
super fast they didn't even see me I ran
like I stole some old like it was that
so cool you have super speed okay well
now that you prove that you got powers
take the PlayStation back to the store
block Yoshi you've gotta use your powers
for good not evil
this ain't a powderpuff girls look like
you've been gifted with amazing powers
you need to use them for good not evil
says the man who wouldn't give me money
for food it's home and go eat out the
trash oh let's turn on the news and see
what good you could do for the world
right okay there's a purse-snatcher
going around snatching women's purses
but it's 2020 so he snapped Chi Minh's
purses as well police are having a
difficult time stopping him
so is there anyone out there that can
help us stop this purse snatching
minutes
oh look black is you look there's a
purse snatcher you can go stop him also
perform blockage it's a purse snatcher
there's a guy running around stealing
women's purses
you can go stop him be a hero because
it's the right thing to do like you have
the power to stop them so go stop the
purse snatcher I did it I stole another
verse now if I ain't got nothing to say
about it oh man whatever do my brows
alright ma I got worse but you stole a
purse no I took the purse for the purse
snatcher
okay good now go get the purse back to
the woman it belongs to yeah there's
money in there but it belongs to the
woman yeah but finders keepers no no
Finders Keepers that money belongs to
the woman you need to use your powers
for good Shane go get the purse back
neither way well I give the purse back
to the woman
[Music]
breaking news okay someone has snatched
a purse from the purse snatcher so now
we have a purse snatcher snatcher and I
have an exclusive interview with the
purse snatcher good me thanks good me
I'm here with the purse snatcher who got
the purse that he snatched snatched
so tell me purse snatcher what happened
well I snitch woman's purse like I do
and then Batman came and snatched purse
from me I bar snatcher be Batman whitey
snatch purse get different job stay in
lane Wow well you heard it here first
folks
Batman is the purse snatcher snatcher
look black Yoshi they think you're
Batman they think you stole that purse
what agent called me black man because
I'm stealing for good not evil I gotta
pay the bills what bills do you have to
pay I gotta buy me some KFC and I gotta
buy me some kool-aid Blackie's oh
they're not bills put all this money
back at the person give them back block
you see they're gonna catch you martini
not gonna catch me because I'd be
running so fast Oh Louis who that is
hello
hey there I'm off doctor duty and am on
cop duty now why are you here as a cop
well it seems like your friend black
Yoshi stole a bunch of stuff well what's
he been stealing purses what I mean
what's he been stealing well he stole
the PlayStation 4 from Best Buy
we steal a PlayStation 4 from Best Buy
well I'm gonna come in so I can show you
that he did so what I wanted to show you
is that we have surveillance footage of
black Yoshi's stealing the PlayStation 4
and there's the PlayStation he stole
right there so I don't even have to show
you the footage what do I can't steal
this PlayStation 4 we've had this one
for a long time we we just leave it on
the couch because we like to look at it
and you have footage of him stealing it
cuz he runs really fast I have the
footage right here we had to slow it way
down so we could see him but he's there
just take a look he was running really
fast like the speed of light so he had
to slow the footage down like a thousand
times and you can see him right there
you see him he's running away with the
PlayStation 4 without paying for it oh
come on
that is a prove he stole it he could
have bought it where's the receipt then
block Yoshi where's the receipt for the
PlayStation 4 I ain't got one because i
stoled and there you go and now that I'm
actually paying attention I see a whole
bunch of purses in him stealing the
money out of those persons oh he didn't
steal the person he saved the person
he's gonna return them after he takes
all the money out of them well he has to
charge a fee gets superhero top to eat
okay Blackie oh she's under arrest huh
you ain't gonna be catch me oh you're
right youyou can't catch him he runs too
fast you gotta be able to catch him yeah
you're right I'm gonna have to come up
with some kind of plan okay I have an
idea okay you gonna say actual words are
you gonna go happy in my ear okay fine
you're gonna tie his shoelaces together
so that when he tries to run away he
trips okay but how are we gonna tie a
shoe like this together um oh hold on
hey black Yoshi your shoelaces are
untied
norine ah yes they are no Dana I thought
it was a Jedi hey black Yoshi have you
seen the cool new way kids are tying
their shoes these days no it's really
hip and gangster let me show you
hi all right block Yoshi check that out
oh cool all right black Yoshi you're
under arrest you're never gonna catch me
he can't run away now we got you yeah we
got yours what are we gonna do we need
something to reflect the lasers back at
him what could do that oh I have an idea
follow me mayor you want IDs all right
Marv you'll stay behind me hey black
Yoshi you're under arrest
no I'm not oh-ho get rags Oh are you
gonna take him to jail now no no I'm
gonna give him something much worse than
jail I'm gonna give him a spankin spigen
you heard me a spanking now get him
ready okay okay he's ready damn all
right just getting warmed up well why
are you not taking him to jail he's been
to jail plenty of times he never learns
anything all he needs is a good
old-fashioned pop on the bottom that'll
teach him okay
all right now show me that rump yeah
it's good Pam that was a good one all
right all right
Pam okay how many of these are you gonna
do um well how old is he 25 we'll be
here all day all right just let me know
Oh Mario what happened man why my head
hurt and why my butter because black you
sure you got punished for stealing all
this stuff oh well I can't move folk you
tie my shoes I'll untie your shoes after
I return all the stuff you stole my
lasers you must have lost your powers
block Yugi which is a good thing
so let's untie your shoes after return
the PlayStation and all the purses you
stole
[Music]