oh come on Joseph Drake totally won that
rap battle no way dude kid your B his
ass no Drake has more Grammys and more
number one hits bro when he dropped not
like us it was over nail in the casket
nail in the coffin what this Sayang is
nail in the coffin bro I don't care
either way his ass is dead Drake has
more hits Than the Beatles bro Drake is
a pop star Kendrick got a pull a
surprise I don't care what kind of
surprise Kendrick has he's not better
than Drake what's going on you heard of
the Kendrick Lamar Drake beef no the rap
battle between Kendrick Lamar and Drake
No Jesus you know who is yeah you know
who Kendrick Lamar is kind of he doesn't
know who Kendrick Lamar is no you know
who Kendrick Lamar no he knows who Drake
is cuz Drake's more famous and better
Drake is lame all right let me explain
to you the rap battle between Kendrick
Lamar and Drake so Kendrick Lamar made a
song saying he makes better music than
Drake and then Drake said you wear small
shoes for your small feet what a bizarre
thing to say and you beat your wife oh
and then K Lamar goes well you have a
daughter you're hiding from the world
and you're a manipulator and you
shouldn't say the nword because you're
not really black and then Drake said the
n-word a lot and then said well you your
your manager is banging your your baby
mama and then K Lamar said you're a
pedophile and then Drake said I don't
have a daughter but what about the
pedophile thing oh and then he goes I'm
I'm too famous to be a pedophile if I
was one of those I'd be caught because
I'm so famous well that doesn't make
sense yeah so that's that's the beef who
won well from what you just told me it
sounds like Kendra Lamar won oh come on
Drake is bigger and more famous and he
can sing and rap KRA can't sing come on
it doesn't even matter he Kindra has
bars dude doesn't matter okay whatever
just so dumb my biggest fear though my
biggest fear is Kendrick Lamar dissing
me because I don't want to be a
pedophile all right Junior Kendrick
Lamar doesn't even know you exist but
what if he does know I exist and one day
I wake up and he's just dissing me and
the whole world thinks I'm a pedophile
well I don't think you have to worry
about that I don't know it's so scary
cuz Drake was so famous and now everyone
thinks he's a pedophile yeah it's a
valid fear dude do you think Kendrick
Lamar could make Taylor Swift a
pedophile oh definitely dude he's like
the Thanos of rap one snapping you're a
pedophile I know kend Lamar is so scary
he's my biggest
fear guys did you hear P scream no oh oh
my God that was Chef Pee screaming let's
go see what's going on oh my God Chef PE
we heard you scream are you okay oh yeah
I'm perfectly fine I was applying for
jobs on LinkedIn you already have a job
why are you applying for jobs look cuz I
hated here I hate existing breathing and
even seeing you every freaking morning
but I'm stuck here look I was applying
for jobs on lein and Kendrick Lamar is
hiring for a new personal chef and he's
coming here to try my food and if he
likes it I will get hired oh no Chef
peee he's going to call you a pedophile
the [ __ ] listen your your cooking is
really bad Chef peee your food is gross
and when Kendrick Lamar tastes it he's
going to hate it he's going to make a
diss track on your food and he's going
to call you a pedophile no he won't look
my food is wonderful you eat it every
night and I'm no damn pedophile I like
thick white milks well Drake's not a
pedophile but Kendrick Lamar called him
a pedophile so people call Drake a
pedophile now wait he he has that type
of power Kendrick Lamar has the most
power if kendri Lamar calls you
something you're that thing now look
look don't worry about it I I'm not
afraid of it I I can cook a perfect meal
and he's going to like it either way can
you please just call Kit lar and tell
him not to come no I need this damn job
Junior probably just call your a
pedophile if you cancel on it what I'm
not a damn pedophile it won't work okay
just please just try to cook your best
food get out of here junior I'm going to
make the best meal ever for Mr K
Lamar oh man guys we need to do
something why because when Kendrick
Lamar tastes Chef pee's horrible cooking
he's going to make a diss track and call
him names or he's just going to not hire
chef peee and not need to make a diss
track no no no kendri Lamar loves making
diss tracks now yeah dude his finishing
move is any careers yeah this how he
solves his problems okay so what do we
do okay I think what we should do is
order food from a very famous restaurant
and replace shef pipi's bad food with
the food from the restaurant so when K
Lamar tastes it he loves the food okay
but if he loves the food and he hires
Chef peee the next time Chef peee Cooks
it'll be bad and he's going to know Chef
peee Li to him and then he's probably
going to make a diss track oh you're
right we're trying to avoid the diss
track yeah okay what if we order food
from a restaurant that's not good but
it's also not bad like it's just
mediocre it's just okay food well I feel
like if we don't do anything he's going
to think it's just okay and not make a
diss track and just leave no no no
ship's food is so bad it's it's diss
track worthy it's awful so we need to
order food from a restaurant that's not
good but also not
bad Denny's Denny's yeah Denny's okay
what should we order from Denny's a
moons over my hamy what about a grand
slamwich yeah they're interchangeable
either one will work I'll order both and
we decide which one is not as good okay
all right here's the Denny's oh God
Junior this Grand slamwich looks like
throw up what is that what is that oh it
looks like looks like throw up right
there oh it's nasty well look the moons
over my hamy looks pretty good should we
give this to Kendrick Lamar yeah I think
we should definitely go with the moons
over my hamy cuz this Grand slamwich
doesn't look so Grand all right I'm
going to go replace this with whatever
shef peip is cooking [ __ ] slamwich right
guys [ __ ] looks like [ __ ] I grabbed the
bread you need the whole thing
you're going to piss Kendrick off if you
don't get the bread bro Chef peee you
out did yourself this time a [ __ ]
Masterpiece Chef peee what did you cook
for Kendrick Lamar the perfect meal ever
a T-bone steak wait Chef peipi why is it
green because it's a dry a steak the
drier the better the older the better so
you just like left the steak outside
yeah I left it in the grass you know
what I'm saying let it get old a little
bit it's going to make them sick it's
going to give you food poisoning no it's
not I I read online that's what makes it
all good and gives it more flavor look
just get out the way I know what I'm
doing oh yeah that thing look
good Mr K I got your steak for you he's
going to love it oh hey shfp what's the
grapes for steaks and grapes it's a
perfect fit duh idiot he's going to love
it that's him that's him oh my God okay
I have to be
quick oh yeah he's going to love that
hello Mr Kendrick Lamar damn oh my God K
Lamar It's really you oh yeah you really
been Drake Over I listen to all your
music I'm a big fan oh I made you the
best thing
ever damn okay is all you're going to
say is damn damn okay well come on in I
cook your
dinner
damn all right Mr Kendrick Lamar here is
your food wait I didn't cook that damn
where's my steak where's my steak you
you what did you do with my damn steak
all right Chef peip I did you a favor so
calm down I didn't want Kendrick Lamar
to make a diss track about you and call
you a pedophile so I replaced the steak
you cooked with a moons over my hammy
from Denny's Denny's is the worst meal
you could choose hold on he might like
it we don't know yet hey guys what's
going on hey Cody you see that over
there Kendrick Lamar oh is that who that
is yeah can you go ask him if he's
enjoying his food yeah sure I can ask
him oh Junior I don't want to watch this
look if he's having a good time he still
might hire you hey there Mr Lamar my
name's Cody damn oh is everything okay
damn well you sure her saying damn a lot
damn oh I see that's the name of your
album damn yeah well are you enjoying
your moons over myamy damn oh is that a
no damn he's kind of a weird guy isn't
he Ken are you talking to your doll oh
this is not a doll this is my
boyfriend what is
that do you think he can talk well of
course he can talk he's my boyfriend and
breathe well yeah he is
alive but what what are you uh what are
you
writing what um he is a weird guy isn't
he K don't worry Chef peee he's probably
going to like the moons over my hand oh
co Cody I need to know what did he say
please tell me well he didn't really say
much of anything he just said damn wait
damn was it a good damn bad them what I
don't know he didn't even taste the food
but didn't taste it what what's wrong
with it I I don't know he just wrote
down a bunch of stuff and then he ran
away a damn he's a fullone Critic well
what' he write down I don't know he
didn't show me a man hopefully I get my
review in the mail in like a week or so
it better be good let us know what he
says Chef peipi I'm nervous oh dude what
did Kendrick Lamar say about the food he
didn't say anything he didn't even try
it oh man I know why he probably thought
Drake poisoned it [ __ ] I would poison it
if I was Drake ultimate Revenge you just
said he was writing stuff down yeah and
he asked a bunch of questions about Ken
I told him he was my boyfriend then he
just started writing I don't think he's
gay so he's probably not going to steal
your boyfriend look the
news that was your line oh the news
[Music]
breaking news Kendrick Lamar has
released a new diss track targeted
towards a kid named Cody he made a diss
track on you Cody why I didn't even do
anything let's see what he has to
say zot z e walk play that [ __ ]
backwards it might mean something I see
Dead Dolls on
be mus on the be ho no kid a freaking
dog just believe yo no way you think
that he's alive be real bro carrying
around a piece of plastic like a [ __ ]
deal though I'm tired of you weird ass
[ __ ] in your GI Jo's PL shirt four wi
and you got no hoes you say k alive
[ __ ] better check your nose K can move
and tell me why he can't change that
pose k a [ __ ] dog bch kiss a [ __ ]
dog he can't breathe he can't breathe he
can't breathe [ __ ] he can't breathe he
can't breathe
he can't do it he can't do it he can't
take a [ __ ] breath he can't do it he
can't do it he can't take a [ __ ]
breath he a plastic ass niggaer and Cody
play with dolls atic ass [ __ ] and Cody
play with dolls ass oh no Cody well at
least he didn't call you a pedophile oh
that [ __ ] on pedophile he like boy
booty he play with dolls too what that
doesn't even make any sense I'm a kid
not going to lie bro that was pretty
fire and it was spot on I agree with
everything he says but why would he say
that I didn't do anything to him I'm not
a rapper well maybe he saw you being
weird with Ken and he just wanted to
make fun of you I mean you don't do
weird stuff in front of K Lamar he'll
call you out yeah you walk around with
Ken all day you're just asking for it
dude but why would Kendrick Lamar say
those things well are you going to
respond well respond I can't respond I
want bad things could I say about him oh
you're a multi-millionaire with a bunch
of Grammys and a pet surprise and also
you beat Drake one of the most famous
people in the world oh yeah that'll show
him [ __ ] say something yeah you got to
respond with something well I can't
respond with what was that Ken well Ken
want wants to respond but he does yeah
well Ken I don't think this is a good
idea he's not going to care about your
abs or that you're an astronaut or a
rocket scientist he's not going to care
that you were in the Barbie movie Ken
probably cuz he's a doll dude he's not a
doll Joseph and also Kendrick Lamar okay
you know what I'm going to take Ken to
the studio so he can spit I'm just
kidding Ken doesn't spit he swallows
loads but don't say that in the song Ken
I don't think people will like that okay
guys we're back from the studio Ken
recorded the hardest rap song ever I
mean he spit bars I burned it onto a CD
and I put it in the PlayStation in front
of us wait how old are you [ __ ] well
it's on the TV up there there's there's
a TV I promise we just never show it but
guys you guys want to watch the music
video that Ken made by himself let's
watch
[Music]
it oh oh damn oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] oh you
guys hear that oh bodied right oh ken it
spitting up there where's the lyrics
Cody what what are you talking about
he's singing the lyrics Don't you hear
him damn maybe we can't hear him because
he's a doll he's not a doll and how can
you guys not hear what he's saying Cody
there's no words to this song it's just
a beat wait you guys are telling me you
didn't just hear him say kot more like
kot can't hang with the big shots your
legacy's a short story built on weak
plots I'm the truth spitter a real
glitter [ __ ] you're just a pretender
just a bitter Critter you didn't hear
him say that no wait so you guys are
telling me you didn't just hear him say
so here's my diss track kot take it to
heart you're just another rapper playing
Another Part you act like you're a
legend but let's rewind you weren't
relevant till you just Drake Now give me
that behind you didn't hear any of that
he did not say that no what are you guys
deaf there's no word it's just a beat he
can't record music cuz he's a doll well
maybe I have to turn up the vocals I
told you can me turn the vote Cody I I
I've been thinking about it I think it's
just smart not to respond to Kendrick
Lamarcus and he's going to reply with
even worse disc and even worse disc and
I think what's best is just take Norm
and he'll go away okay if you guys think
so yeah just delete that song you
recorded dude what you think K Lamar is
doing now
H
pedophile die
Drake this get
him w w w
[Music]