uh carry a
[Music]
forign hey bony what you doing I'm doing
our taxes oh how's that going not good
no Karen not good we're not making
enough money and we're spending too much
and what little we do have left over is
getting taken by Uncle Sam yeah Uncle
Sam stealing our money [ __ ] him no Karen
Uncle Sam is the government they need
our money to spend on roads or something
but I don't know why that's my problem I
don't drive on all the roads just build
me for the ones I do use they could just
print more money anyway well are we
getting any money back this year yeah
like $200 that's enough for us to get
many petties together I don't have any
petties Karen neither do you oh yeah God
I don't know what the hell I'm doing I
have all these jobs but I'm not a CPA
God I hate the IRS if I could talk to
them I'd tell them to suck my butt B
that's icky that's potty mouth talk nope
that's what I'd say I'd say suck my butt
B that's too much nope I think that's
just right suck my butt bie cut it out
they're butt suckers Karen I'm just
going to check our bank account and see
if we got our money yeah see if those
butt suckers paid us holy baloney Bo we
got two $100,000 from the IRS haha funny
joke Karen but it's not making me feel
any better no Bon look me see that IRS
deposit $200,000 Karen do you know what
this means the IRS made a mistake and we
got to give them their money back no no
this means I did our taxes so good
they're rewarding Me by giving me
$200,000 B I don't think they do that no
no I think I heard about this I I think
if you do your taxes perfectly they give
you a bunch of money bonie I think we
should call the IRS and tell them they
made a mistake no [ __ ] that if I make a
mistake I go to jail and if they make a
mistake they get their money back no
that's not fair I don't like that well B
what should we do H well I think you're
right Karen I think we should go to
Applebees and talk this over before we
commit tax fraud I didn't say any of
that but you were thinking it nope come
on Karen you're right we should get
wanton tacos
okay Karen I just don't know what to eat
first should I start with my four cheese
mac and cheese honey pepper chicken
tenders the wanton tacos no bo the
wanton tacos are mine I call dibs oh
Karen we have $200,000 of s money we can
always afford more we already have so
much food Bo hello can I get you guys
anything yes I'll have five more spinach
artichoke dips these are lonely sir are
you sure you need 10 artichoke dips need
no deserve yes it's not every day the
IRS accidentally sends you $200,000 and
you keep it instead of giving it back so
you can spend it all on Applebees yes
you told me that several times already I
just want to make sure everybody knows
well it must be nice oh yes it is it is
very nice well sir in that case would
you like to round up to the the nearest
Dollar on your bill to help save
Starving Children no they're good I
think my tax money will take care of
them it's not like I see them anyway and
if I can't see them they're not starving
I mean I'm not starving Bo Karen I see
you don't have anything to drink would
you like me to bring you something hm
yeah I think I want something from the
top shelf yeah I think I'll have a 2 L
bottle of Coke Zero for the table oh I'm
sorry we only have Pepsi products oh
okay well that's fine I guess just bring
me a 2 L bottle of piss then cuz it's
basically the same thing buddy no no
Karen I am a $200,000 air and I will be
treated as such well actually after all
this food I'm going to have less than
that and I already bought this suit for
$2,000 at Men's Warehouse so I actually
I I'm a
$198,000 rare but still I have a lot of
money and I deserve to be treated
differently because of that Bo you're
just a regular guy no I'm not Karen I'm
not a regular guy I am Brooklyn tea guy
I'm him okay I carry this [ __ ] we're at
almost 4 minutes in the second scene
because of me all right well just let me
know if you need anything else more dip
and also some dessert cake I don't think
she heard me hey Marvin you want some
dessert cake what
dessert I'm so full from all the Apple
bees I just ate sorry it's dessert cake
from Applebees do you want it um no I'm
on a
diet well it's pretty good I I mean at
least I think I it's good I I'm still
full from the $600 of Applebees I just
ate hence the burping well you spent
$600 on Applebees yeah yeah cuz I got it
like that Marvin ask me how my wallet
got so fat your wallet's fat oh it's so
fat Marvin it needs gastric bypass
surgery from how fat it is it it's like
one of those little scooters at Walmart
to go around the store cuz cuz that
that's how fat my wallet is it's like
those fat people from Wall-E you know
like halfway through the movie when they
go up into the spaceship and there's all
those fat people all of those people are
my wallet okay how' your wallet get so
fat well the IRS sent me $200,000 why
would they do that because my [ __ ] don't
stink Marvin did you get $200,000 from
the IRS no well you got stinky [ __ ]
that's true when he leaves the bathroom
it does stink exactly Marvin my [ __ ]
smells like daisies no seriously why did
the IRS send you $200,000 it was
probably a mistake but hey I'm living
large what are you going to do when they
find out you're going to go to jail
they're not going to find out Marvin
it's just am measly $200,000 they make
like trillions they're not going to
notice okay but when they do notice
you're going to go to jail no I'm not
and I'm going to call them butts suckers
cuz they're butts suckers what they're
butt suckers Marvin the IRS stands for
internal rectum suckers yeah that's
right so the reason I'm here I wanted to
know speaking of rectum sucking if you
wanted to go to the strip club with me
Marvin can't go to the strip club yeah
yeah okay okay well here's $300 go buy
yourself some Applebees Marvin's coming
with me oh okay what oh oh grab all of
it make sure you get all come on Marvin
let's go to the strip club and suck some
butt Excuse Me Miss I have one money can
I see boobies all right Ricky beat it
again but if I do that I'll go to jail
again no not that Ricky I mean get out
of here oh okay who's that that's Ricky
he beats off at the strip club come on
Marvin throw money with me oh my God yes
thank you hey Marvin you think of I gave
her 50 Grand she'd bang me yeah okay let
me ask uh Excuse Me Miss uh would you
have sex with a guy for $50,000 yeah
what a coincidence I happen to have
$50,000 right here oh my God last night
I banged someone for
$50 oh you did oh well maybe my starting
bid was a little too high well now I
need to make her not want me um excuse
me ma'am I I have to tell you I have
AIDS e yeah sorry okay we'll low ball
the next Tripper coming up next on stage
we have Clarissa Marvin Marvin that's
the Applebee's waitress oh God you again
you just spent $600 at Applebee's and
only tip me $10 yeah you're welcome you
know the IRS accidentally gave me2 200
yes yes I know you told me like nine
times at dinner yeah well I have about
$150,000 left so I was thinking maybe we
could try to make that
$49,990 $10 yeah for me and Marvin
Eiffel Tower you oh I've always wanted
to go to Paris oh no not like that see
basically like um like I would be on one
side with my hand up no no no no no no
no we're not going to do that shut up oh
come on Marvin I have money she'll do it
so we're not going to France H actually
hey Marvin you want to go to Paris well
Marvin Paris is really nice I don't
really see a lot of black people though
so I don't really get the song What you
know the song that Kanye West and Jay-Z
song nword in Paris I just based on the
song you'd think there would be a lot of
them I just I haven't really seen many I
think the song was based on them being
in Paris oh yeah that actually makes a
lot more sense I like the Eiffel Tower
though yeah yeah it's nice that actually
looks pretty much exactly like what we
did to That stripper for $10 you know
what actually I say we go back to the
hotel and pay her another $10 to do it
again yeah I think we should oh jet lag
am I right Marvin where have you been oh
we went to Paris France y we both said
yes at the same time three round trip
tickets first class three who did you
take with you some stri no it's some
girl wait no you were going to be the
girl that we took but we didn't think he
wanted to go so he just bought an empty
seat so he could have more leg room a I
would have gone yeah well the tickets
were like $30,000 and the room was 10
grand but I mean it did have a view of
the Eiffel Tower meaning it had a mirror
next to the bed what uh nothing nothing
let's just watch
TV breaking news M the IRS has
accidentally deposited large amounts of
money into people's bank accounts if
you've received a large amount of money
on accident into your bank account do
not spend it if you did spend it you'll
be in big trouble and Uncle Sam will
give you a spanking jinkies right guys
jinkies damn right jinkies you're
getting spank it by Uncle Sam no no no
no I only spent half of it I still have
100,000 left I think the IRS would be
very proud of me for telling them I only
spent half especially if I tell them
what we spent it on right Marvin wait
what did you spend it on I'll get it
even though this isn't my house no I'll
get it yes hey there I'm Uncle Sam and
I'm looking for a Brooklyn the guy I'm
him my [ __ ] don't stink now I highly
doubt that did you happen to receive
$200,000 deposited in your bank account
from the irss yes I did thank you that
was very generous how did you know my
birthday is in 4 months and I like to
receive large amounts of money early as
a
gift I guess you didn't think that was
funny now you're going to pay me back
that money boy or Uncle Sam is going to
give you a spanking that doesn't sound
so bad in court come on
order order order order I am the
honorable Judge poer and today we will
be hearing the case of Brooklyn guy who
received a
$200,000 deposit into his bank account
from the IRS o money money but that was
apparently an accident and he spent the
money anyway knowing it was not his to
spend Brooklyn guy tell me what happened
sh your honor when I saw that 200,000 in
my bank account I thought man a brother
can finally breathe you feel me I've
been paying my taxes for the last 25
years doing everything right so I
figured that was just a little gift for
being such a law-abiding citizen you
know like a like a stimulus check or
something h i see that does make sense I
could understand how you would think
they were rewarding you for being so
compliant by paying your taxes all these
years like some sort of random IRS
Lottery Uncle Sam tell me your side well
you see your honor that bll and knows
that money wasn't his it was my money to
do with whatever I Soul desire and if he
don't pay it back what I'm going to
desire to do is take this freaking
Hammer right here and beat his ass the D
with it it's you whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa who Brooklyn guy can you pay him
the money back your honor I only have
100,000 of it left wa wait I'll make
another 100,000 I swear you better okay
okay Brooklyn guy I order you to earn
another $100,000 to pay Uncle Sam back
the $200,000 that you spent that wasn't
yours
um go make the money I'll be there
tomorrow okay hey Marvin n I'm assuming
Court went well since you're in a good
mood oh yeah it went fine I have to pay
all the money back you have to pay it
all back don't you only have 100,000
left yeah well well how are you going to
make another $100,000 oh Marvin I have
an easy way to make $100,000 if making
$100,000 is so easy then let us know how
to do it yeah we want to know okay well
tonight is the NBA playing tournament
and guess who's playing the Miami Heat
or should I call them the Miami gets
beat cuz that's what they do they get
beat because Jimmy Butler is their whole
team and he would rather focus on his
coffee company than play basketball I
thought you like Jimmy Butler well I did
up until last year when he put on a 22
and danced around and pleasured the
entire Denver Nuggets team so I'm not
going to be a fan of the Miami Heat
again until they get a three-oh lead in
the finals which I mean Miami will be
long submerged by the ice caps melting
before that ever happens okay so how are
you going to make an easy $100,000 of
that oh yeah yeah so they're going up
against the Philadelphia 76ers so I
check the 76ers roster and check this
out nobody on their team has a coffee
company you know what they do it's
[ __ ] crazy they play basketball the
sport that they get paid to play so
that's why they're going to win and so I
bet all my money on the 76ers so you bet
$100,000 in the 76ers to win and if they
win you get your money back yeah yeah
okay but what happens if the Miami Heat
win Marvin they're not going to win they
don't want to win see because Jimmy
Butler if he wins he has to play more
basketball and he definitely doesn't
want to do do that he wants to make
coffee and country music or whatever the
[ __ ] it is he does these days okay so if
the Miami Heat do win what are you going
to do because then you'll be $200,000 in
debt well I mean if Jimmy Butler doesn't
drink his coffee and somehow wins then I
guess I'm going to have to flee the
country cuz I'm going to be in so much
IRS debt but that's not going to happen
Marvin but this video does come out
before we know the results so I guess
you're going to have to use your
imagination for how sad I'm going to be
or how happy I am let's find out
[Music]
right