being the devil is so boring hey boss we
got another murderer today where you
want me to put them just put them with
the others okay oh this sucks nobody
ever wants to talk to me or hang out
what is this hello this is hell hey is
your refrigerator running no this is
Hell there is nothing cold here you
better go catch it guess what you
refrigerator I just told you I don't
have one stupid you're doing friend Co
will'll get you a first class ticket to
hell hey can can I speak to my mom
no hey something came in the mail day
Billy I swear to God if you say these
nuts I'm going to be pissed no it was a
bunch of letters letters who could be
writing to me let's see dear Satan give
me toys get me gum I want the basketball
too please give me what I asked for PSS
Spider-Man thank you Patrick why is this
child writing to me let's see dear Satan
my Christmas list my little p princess
play set Rambo Dash Okay well rambow
Dash is not a princess dear Satan I was
a good boy this year bestest boy ever
ever ever I don't give a [ __ ] why are
these children writing to me well maybe
they meant to spell Santa but they
spelled Satan oh now I'm sad I thought I
had friends well I'm your friend wait a
minute what if I deliver toys to these
kids well that wouldn't be very evil of
you well it is Christmas time and even
the devil has a soft side well I mean if
that's really what you want to do yes
I'll do it I'm going to become Satan
claws um get my Sligh ready actually you
know what I'm going to poof uh let's see
let's see dear Satan he wants Cheerios
pencils pogo stick no diaper no helmet
fishy and get rid of green beans love
Jeffy did you say Jeffy no go back to
cleaning the bathrooms okay now that
Jesus's birthday is over we can focus on
New Year's Hallelujah what's your New
Year's res solution Hank to stop
sleeping with all the babysitters good
boy what about yours honey give up
smoking wait you're smoking again ever
since I caught you with the babysitter
oh makes sense mother father may I
please listen to the radio Jimmy have
you done your voice lessons I did let me
hear it John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmid
what's your name his name is my name too
you hold that [ __ ] Timmy $800 a week you
better hold hold that [ __ ] use your
diaphragm honey you're flat you're flat
stop shut the shut the [ __ ] up Jimmy Bo
I'm here for the a
presence [ __ ] get the cross
honey the power of Christ compels you
the power of Christ compels you the
power of Christ compels you theck up
what I'm not bad today I just want to
give you this train book big go F hey
what the [ __ ] okay fine you don't get
your book honey go get the bat I'm on it
the bat why do you need ow okay [ __ ]
okay [ __ ] I'm leaving I'm leaving get
out of
here so how' it Go shitty I got hit with
a baseball bat a a baseball bat but why
they didn't like me because I was the
devil they didn't even care that I had
presents see this is why you just need
to be evil it is much easier oh I'm
getting a call hello W hey is Mr wall
there no what about Mrs wall no is wall
junor there there are no walls here then
how does no roof stay
up this is Hell there is no Roof oh [ __ ]
that kid but yes I want to do something
nice for the children but not him so why
don't you just dress up like Sarah and
pretend to be him that way they can't
tell that you're the devil yes that's a
good idea if I wear a disguise maybe
they won't hit me with bats I will try
this now Timmy the only reason the devil
showed up is because you're gay and
being gay is a sin so Leviticus 18:22
says stop it who the hell are you I am
Santa Claus Santa Claus but Christmas
already passed yeah well I forgot some
stuff like this train book for your son
well my son's on the naughty list for
being gay so we don't want that well I
am Santa Claus and I say he can have it
well where his parents and we say he
can't have it look just let your kid
have his toys No Return to Sender let
him play with boys no you take that back
or else I'm going to hit you with the
bath with the bat why would you get the
B I'm leaving okay
damn so how did your Santa Claus
disguise go I got hit with a bat again
what but but what I don't know I guess
those people are just [ __ ] so
they'll be here one day yeah probably
and I can give them a hold on my phone
is ringing hello hey is there someone
named H there you who um first name hu
last name jff I guess I can check is
there a huge ass here hello huge ass
Billy do you see a huge ass no don't see
a huge ass here no there is no huge wait
a minute [ __ ] you how does this kid have
my number I don't know but are you going
to keep using your Santa Claus the scars
yes I guess so all right I'll try a
different house God I hate taking down
the Christmas tree every year you got to
put up the tree just to take it down put
it up and take it down Marvin calm down
don't have such a bad attitude hey we
can make it fun like let's make a song
about it you know here we go taking down
our pretty Christmas tree and taking
down and taking down a pretty Christmas
tree love and joy come to you and we'll
take down your tree okay I'd rather do
it quiet I'd rather do it quiet daddy if
you want this Christmas tree down then
that [ __ ] is going down
timber oh Lumberjack dick cutting trees
down and [ __ ] that was a big Tree on the
ground babo b b babo Jeffy no we need to
drag this outside okay well then drag it
out joh well you got to help me grab it
okay all right Jeffy you grab that side
of the tree and I'll grab this side I
got something for you to grab this old
Jeffy hog old VI sausage dick old slimy
and in a cannon [ __ ] Jeffy stop talking
like that go grab a trash bag so we can
put this tree away
okay Santa Claus what are you doing here
yeah Santa Claus what are you doing here
I came to give your son the fishy he
wanted for Christmas why do you look
like you have a sunburn yeah you're all
red oh I was delivering presents in
Africa it's very sunny there oh okay why
didn't you deliver this on Christmas um
it fell out of my bag in Africa so I
came back to get it but look it's a robo
fishy and it swims in five different
directions what are the five directions
um up down left right and backwards but
not forwards I don't know I didn't make
it I I mean I did make it my my elves
made it do you love me yeah we we love
we love Santa Claus yeah hey dny I
couldn't find a trash bag but I found
this bat well look Santa Claus came to
visit you you want round two [ __ ]
round two what did you
talking the B again hey wait a minute
that's the
devil oh what happened this time I got
beat up with a bat again what a get no
way I don't know why I don't know what
the [ __ ] is going on anymore oh God damn
it it's that kid again listen here
[ __ ] there are no walls no
refrigerator and no huge ass so just
leave me alone Craig why you using that
kind of language mother I'm sorry I've
been getting a lot of friend calls
lately well why you not call me on the
Christmas well I'm sorry mother but I'm
supposed to be evil not calling your
mother on Christmas is evil why can't
you be more like a your brother mom why
are you Italian what the [ __ ] so what
are you going to do now well now I'm
going to go back to being evil I'm going
to go back to that house and beat up
them with the baseball bath yes well
elves we had a successful Christmas W
but we didn't get as many letters as we
normally get a that is weird the phone's
ringing we'll answer the damn thing okay
don't get so angry
hello oh no oh
no what is it well apparently kids have
been spelling your name wrong on their
Christmas letters and they've been
sending them to Satan who the devil has
been getting your Christmas letters oh
no and also he's been going around in
giving presents out to the kids [ __ ]
he's making you look bad santa I don't
like it when I get made look bad pepper
I like it when you get Angry Pepper
you're still weird [ __ ] but I like you
thank you all right let's go stop this
devil go get him Santa [ __ ] him up Jeffy
stop hitting the tree with a bat [ __ ]
it the devil yep what are you doing here
I came to get revenge for the hitting me
with a bat wait we didn't hit you with a
bat Jeffy hit Santa with a bat that was
me in the SKU that was you with Santa
yes well that was a really good costume
really yeah we couldn't even tell you
look really good oh it was just a shitty
beard and a hat well give me This Bat
I'm going to bum you on the head now ho
ho hold on a minute not so fast Santa
Claus wait a minute is that the devil no
no that is Santa Claus you [ __ ]
but wait a minute you just said you were
Santa Claus wait are you Santa Claus no
I am the devil wait then who's that that
is that is Santa Claus wait where did
your sunburn go yeah your face was all
red I do wear red yeah but his face was
red everybody just come the [ __ ] down
that is Santa Claus I am the devil okay
end of discussion no more talking Santa
Claus what do you want well I heard you
were out delivering presents to the kids
yes that's right I was dressed up like
you trying to be good but everybody just
kept hitting me with baseball bats
you'll never be good you're the
devil you are right I will never be good
I am the embodiment of evil well I got
an idea come with me let me show you
something okay hi Santa did you get that
devil [ __ ] hi
there okay Craig I want to show you
something oh what is this this is my
naughty or nice book oh you just wanted
to show me I'm at the top of the naughty
list Craig look right here what that's
my name on the nice list but how well
Craig you see you were out delivering
presents trying to make kids happy when
I couldn't do it so I'm not evil well
you're not all evil oh so I'm a good
person oh why am I so Italian thank you
Santa
[Music]