and done all right dude my bowling ball
is ready for the bowling championship
joseph can you believe we're playing in
the bowling championship tonight oh dude
i'm so ready oh we need to hurry up and
go we're running late we have to wait
for cody oh hey guys cody where's your
bowling shoes in the bowling ball dude
oh guys i'm sorry but i'm not gonna be
able to play in the bowling championship
tonight what you can't blame the bowling
championship why because ken has a
waxing appointment tonight ken has to
get waxed he can't even grow hair he's a
dog dude oh he can grow here believe me
cody you understand we're playing in the
championship game tonight against the
ramirez family oh that damn eddie
ramirez he needs to lose yeah cody we're
undefeated and so are they this is gonna
be the best championship ever i know
guys i'm sorry but i can't play why
don't you just reschedule the waxing
appointment yeah dude we won like 12
games to get this far well i'm sorry but
i can't reschedule yolanda doesn't have
another appointment available for
another two months and i'm not gonna
deal with the hairy bum cody look we
need you we're gonna get creamed without
you yeah i'm sorry guys ken's just more
important so the only reason you're not
bowling instead of ken oh yeah that's
correct then you're not getting came
back until you bowl hey give him back
junior give him back no you're gonna
cost us the bowling championship give
him back he needs to be whacked show
some catch
i got a dude joseph give him back oh go
long no
yeah again oh man i can't wait to eat
the strawberry banana milkshake it's
going to be so good get in that stupid
banana
oh
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
milkshake he's milkshake yeah
yeah
maybe we can wash off the pieces and put
it back together we get the piece it's
good to be oh we get all the pieces
look cody look we have all the pieces
maybe we can put them back together we
can't put it back together junior he's
dead he's all cut up into little pieces
he was never alive to begin with he's a
dog dude now let's go to this bowling
championship screw the bowling
championship my boyfriend was killed
look maybe after the bowling
championship we can put him back
together no junior the only person who
could possibly put them back together is
a doctor we're not calling a doctor over
your broken toy cody please golly
i'll go to the bowling championship if
you call a doctor oh yeah
hey there somebody call a doctor yes
doctor my boyfriend got blended into a
million pieces he was milkshake kids
yeah his toy got blended up oh kid you
gotta take better care of your toys he's
not a toy he's my boyfriend well look
joseph accidentally threw ken in the
blender no i was aiming for the blender
dude oh guys
look dude can you just please put his
toy back together
no i don't think so wait is that a
kendall huh you know my nerd brother has
one of those he does yeah he collects
dolls and action figures and nerds stuff
like that well can you please call your
brother and ask him if we can have that
action figure because cody needs to stop
crying because we have to go in the
bowling championship wait bowling
championship you guys are in the bowling
championship yeah against the ramirez
family oh i hope you beat that bastard
eddie ramirez i'm so tired of seeing him
win well we need cody to be able to beat
him so can you please make cody happy
i'm not gonna bowl until you fix my
boyfriend
okay i guess i could try calling my
brother but he really doesn't like
messing with his collection all right
i'm calling him come on cody stop being
so sad come on jonathan answer you're
always on your phone hello this is
jonathan sorry i couldn't make it to the
phone right now i'm currently covered in
hot babes
oh he's not a stop i'm sensitive guilt
leave a message after the beep
i got his voicemail
you actually thought that was my
voicemail
that's the oldest twerk in the book ah
yeah you got me you are so
dumb
yeah yeah i am
so what's up look jonathan i need
something what's wrong your wife need a
real mental pleasure no jesus jonathan
do you still have that candle
you mean my 1997
limited edition together forever kendall
only opened once museum quality yeah
yeah i guess that one of course i have
him he's laying on my bed right now okay
can i have him
do you know how rare he is can you have
him
he is only one of 69 made and he's
number 69
my favorite number okay so can i have
them
i mean i guess i'd be willing to make a
kuwait what do you want i want you to
send me nudies of your wife do you
really think my marriage is that good
that i have nudes of my wife you can
make it happen
jonathan that's not happening it's not
even for me it's just for somebody else
that wants it well there is something i
would sweat okay what do you want and
they're kids so don't be weird you may
have heard of it before the year 2000
performance collection britney spears
barbie doll this is your neighbors yeah
believe it or not i haven't heard of
that yeah well either kitchen doll or
your trays off
okay look he wants some kind of britney
spears barbie doll wait a minute i think
my daughter has one of those well then
go go grab it from your daughter and
make the trade so that we can give him
the doll back so we can go bowling i i
mean i could but look what am i even
getting out of all of this you get to
see eddie ramirez lose in the bowling
championship uh yeah you're right i do
hate him okay yeah i'll do it just give
me a few minutes all right cody you hear
that he's gonna try to get the ken doll
oops i wrote a pony again hey penelope
what do you want dad oh i see you
playing with your britney spears barbie
yeah she's my favorite barbie doll
uh-huh so can i have her what why
penelope you don't understand this
barbie could prevent eddie ramirez from
winning the bowling championship tonight
what are you talking about look i will
do anything for that barbie anything
yeah i want to meet justin bieber what
why vet of all things dad justin
bieber's selling meet and greet tickets
okay how much are they ten thousand
dollars holy [ __ ] no no that's not
happening fine then you're not getting
my barbie doll uh i i i actually
actually you know what i just remembered
i actually know justin bieber personally
you do i do i i used to i used to brush
his teeth you did i did i was his
dentist i brushed his teeth all the time
i bet i could get him to come here right
to your room oh my god justin bieber's
gonna be in my room oh hold on we'll see
oh man who am i going to find to pretend
to be justin bieber at this time of
night ooh
yes bear change hey hey buddy uh look
i'll give you 20 bucks if you'll pretend
to be justin bieber to make my daughter
happy
you want me to act like a beaver flop
like a fish
yeah sure all of that yeah oh my god oh
my god oh my god
hey penelope what did justin bieber say
he's actually right outside your door
calm down see justin bieber gets nervous
and he doesn't like it when people look
at him so you're gonna have to wear this
blindfold i can't see him no no he he's
afraid of eyes so you're gonna have to
wear a blindfold but you can still hear
his beautiful singing voice oh my god
justin bieber is gonna sing to me yeah
maybe i hope so i mean who knows what's
gonna happen just make sure that you
wear that blindfold because if he sees
you see him he's gonna freak out okay
okay dad i'm so excited
hey honey you got that blindfold on yeah
dad okay no peeking because mr bieber
will go crazy okay dad just bring in
justin bieber okay mr bieber you can
come in now
i'm the beaver man oh my god it's justin
bieber i like beavers and chewing wood
sing the baby song
that's not the baby song
justin you're so funny sing the real
song uh be and dams happy birthday wait
a second that's not justin bieber oh
yeah yeah yeah it is uh he just he has
to wear a disguise when he goes out in
public because he's so famous he doesn't
want people bothering him so so he chose
to disguise himself as a stinky bum he
smells like one too yeah yeah he does
but you met justin bieber so can i have
that barbie now can justin stay the
night i'll be the coolest girl ever oh
honey i i don't think you want that oh
nice warm comfort bed oh and a pony oh
my god he can sing to me all night long
okay you know what sure yeah just take
this barbie and leave
beers and dams beavers and dams beavers
and damn demons and damn
all right i got the britney spears
barbie wait where's your friend he's
crying in the bathroom you better get
him because my brother's almost here
with the ken doll oh hey beyond guy i
have your kendall right here great
here's your barbie
you actually found her and in pristine
condition
look at those feet yeah okay why did you
even want her i have my reasons
what happened to this kendo oh he fell
on a blender well i don't want my ken
being blinded up he's not gonna get
blended up just go be weird with britney
spears okay
we got ken back cody can be happy now
okay now you boys get to that
championship and kick eddie ramirez's
ass you don't have to ask us twice cody
get in here what do you want guys look
cody ken's back ken you're back oh i
miss you so much how is this even
possible the doctor's brother had a ken
doll so he brought him for you oh god i
love you so much so cody i got a
question so your old ken doll got
blended up so is this a new ken no this
is ken so but it's a different kind all
so it's not the same kin you made all
those memories with uh the memories just
transferred to him it's ken what but no
no no that's not the ken doll that you
made the memories with that old ken
doll's right here i don't know what
you're talking about this is ken look
guys let's just cut the chit chat we
still have time to get to the bowling
championship what bowling championship
well you know the bowling championship
we have to beat eddie ramirez who the
hell is that ramirez well he he's the
bowling champ
you guys you guys were all talking about
the bowling championship we're not in a
bowling league cody how can we play in a
bowling championship we're not in a
bowling league well i i don't know i
mean i thought that was weird too but
you guys were really confident you guys
had bowling shoes there was a bowling
ball we don't have bowling shoes or a
bowling ball because we're not in a
bowling league cody yeah i only been
bowling one time in my life yeah wait no
no no no no no no the doctor knew about
it and that's why you took 10 for me in
the first place is because i didn't want
a bowl but why would we want you to bowl
if we're not in a bowling league cody
what the [ __ ] is going on
[Music]