all right everybody I'm the Brooklyn guy
I'm gonna be playing some Sims 4 hey I'm
gonna get a recreate the shittiness that
is my life for you okay I'm gonna make
my kids my stupid kids and my [ __ ]
wife ex-wife that's the most important
part Deborah that looks a little bit
like the BIR right here I don't need
instructions thank you III know what how
shitty my life is go away
all right first off is me this is me
just the average Joe now this doesn't
look like me he looks like kind of a
Mook I'm not a child
no a young adult a little a little older
adult there we go but but uh yeah there
you go
and then what the hell were these at
rates I don't want rate Wow
The Sims got complicated okay so we're
gonna make we're gonna make what is it a
Belle clear warm what the hell does that
mean
what the hell is this I'm a fire yes I
have a fire burning inside me III marki
I'm snooty what is this feminine no
that's a tough walk yeah I'm a man's man
I'm a man's man goofy no I'm not I'm not
[ __ ] no I like this this is me this
describes me to a tee to achieve what
okay oh here we go here we go now this
is I don't wear hats a lot sometimes I
wear a construction helmet get Darth
Maul that's it's not me what I'm pretty
happy with that
Wow Darth Maul Oh a sombrero no the Grim
Reaper hi everybody looks stupid I'm
liking this I'm liking this Mandalorian
helmet right here okay so let's let's
make my face here I think my nose is a
little smaller than that I got a pretty
round nose a little teeny-tiny all right
well I'm not not a skeleton that's
pretty accurate
I'd say that's yeah sure I can I make a
sad face I'm not I have to admit I'm not
a terribly happy see this was me before
the divorce this is me now this is what
I am now this is what I'm reduced to
pretty pretty skinny although I guess I
get some meat on the bone
they sure yeah I think I think this is
all custom knows as well
okay well that's that's a whole big
to-do ah let's see let me I got I've got
a pretty sweet mustache that I think
would be appropriate for this particular
situation where the mustache is there
they are
um okay that's pretty accurate that's a
pretty good mustache Brown though yes
there you go that's me that's me in a
nutshell
yeah right ha yeah that's me hey look
look at that handsome man right there
yes so I gave them this this hat I don't
I usually wear a hard hat they don't
have hard hat I guess you can't be a
construction worker so this Star Wars
helmets pretty much the best I can do
accessories with okay I'm not a
crossdresser no I don't think I'm gonna
need any of that
thank you a little bit of Bruce Jenner
action going they're pretty thick
eyebrows whoa this is makeup I did not
realize this was makeup alright well
we'll just roll with that face said me
see your eyes not just stupid head you
know what I think that thing is look
like me I feel pretty satisfied with
this version of myself
I think the clothes we need a better
better clothes I'm a pretty snappy
dresser
then okay well I that's a little flowery
for my taste
and not I'm not the lead singer of a
really flowery band I'd like one eighty
two kind of thing the track jackets not
a little too Abercrombie what is this
what is this what is this metrosexual
[ __ ] I don't need this The Punisher
yeah man's shirt you have any overalls
that's more my style overalls dress
shirts
what is this security guard thing no
that's kind of a little gay little
little gay I'm just gonna say it it's
just a little gay and that's okay I mean
whatever but not not not that don't
really don't really float might and see
that's even worse this is what I'm
talking about okay fine I guess we're
gonna go with an ice dam we go can we
change the color the colors not I'm not
really liking the color here we go this
is this is yes I'm a blue collar man I'm
a busy man on a busy schedule
I don't wear short shorts thank you very
much why why are there so many gay
options for clothes is really my main
question all of these pants are just hot
pants for men's is weird I feel very
uncomfortable I mean back in my college
days maybe I could see some of those
things I went through
I experimented a bit in college with
that kind of thing but yeah okay this is
this is me some nice stylish shoe some
boots a man of action I wear boots I
think we should move on I feel good I
feel good about me
let's make me beefy yes that's me I'm a
hunk of a man oh oh that's a little much
okay this this is this is good this is
this feels appropriate let's let's make
a new person what is this was Ed simply
no Sam yes yes okay that's that's very
good thank you tutorial oh this looks
like Deborah my ex stupid wife all right
um
let's make it let's give a real dumb
face come here Deborah yeah I'm gonna
show the world what you really are you
see this nose she's got a long she's got
a nose like a witch it's long it's long
and pointy you could kill a man with
that nose it's like half a sandwich it's
pointed what the hell did I just do
she's got a big dumb face now and it's
just pissing me off the look at it
what's a pointy nose give me give me the
pointiest stupidest [ __ ] nose you
could find yeah stretch how do I stretch
you always stretch you stupid nose give
it oh there we go get get right up close
I do not want to be this close to her
bring back bad memories of bad times in
my life pointy very pointy I don't know
what I saw on this woman she looks like
a stork she's gonna nose oh yes oh this
is perfect oh look at that Deborah
that's just perfect oh god I hate you
your stupid lips you stupid fat lips Oh
Deborah I'm so happy with life after I
broke up with the [ __ ] God took all the
damn kids I'm sorry I'm speaking out of
anger this is this isn't appropriate
that this we were playing games to have
fun I'm sorry I lost my cool there for a
moment but she is pissing me off just
looking at me with these
stupid eyes round eyes squinty the
squinty eyes she had very squinty eyes
like again like a bird
very very bird-like in appearance oh I
don't know what I ever saw in her thank
God a kids didn't look like this it's
not that she was Asian it's just that
she was always looking like she was
squinting like she was looking at the
Sun of something she had Renee Zellweger
eyes have you ever seen Renee Zellweger
it's pretty much that kind of thing
all right skin details she had a lot of
acne can I throw that in there remember
like it was yesterday that is that
really Agni the more freckles but I
guess that'll do uh bald
no I wish know what it was it was way
worse this even this is kind of a sexy
haircut no this this weird nappy head
thing she got going on it's what is this
no she wasn't a lesbian I wish she were
a lesbian and she never would have gone
out with me to begin with saved us both
some time green here okay this this
seems appropriate yeah doesn't know I
want you to just think about this for a
minute just from an outside standpoint
just look at a face look at a face and
tell me she doesn't piss you off the
look at like I just this is what I had
to wake up to every morning I roll over
and I see this [ __ ] thing looking
back at me in bed how do you think that
made me feel not good that's the answer
to that question cheeks
big pointy cheekbones just swollen
swollen cheekbones like she got stung by
a bee right in the face big chin big ass
chin it comes right down and it just
fans out Oh God just she looked like she
got smacked in the face with a baseball
bat and a face just stuck that way and I
know it was poached out like that oh my
god okay I think I think I've taken out
my aggression on her dumb face I think
I'm ready to go work on other parts of
her stupid body uh style looks what the
hell is this she was not alga Sakura
from Star Wars what is with all this
Star Wars thing I I don't know this is
this is a little too stylish even for
her she she had a lot going on
no no too sexy what is this no print was
that a prison uniform oh how about that
Debra you're the one who went to jail
how does it feel the shoe is on the
other foot yeah yeah not too great you
know you're keeping that on there yeah
oh oh look at this oh-ho-ho right there
too many too many candy bars they go
straight to your hips don't they Debra
yes they did
see this is al admit she was not this
fat in real life but hey this is my
fantasy world now Debra oh yes oh yes
this is what are these these are pants
so over the short shorts the skirts
no yeah that's disgusting
no under way I don't think we want to
broach that particular topic
what oh god it's like orange is the new
black oh these are some ugly pants some
tight leather pants look she's busting
right through the pants she's like The
Incredible Hulk mid-transformation
there we go she's really like beefy
though leagues there's power in those
arms she could throw a man through a
brick wall I've seen it do it that's why
he was attracted to her in the first
place I think uh no no none of this
bracelets yeah oh yeah I remember this
one looks just like the one I bought it
for a birthday you know what she said
why didn't you get me a gold one that's
what she said no oh thank you very much
for the bracelet you got me for my
birthday I really appreciate it it's
beautiful no none of that just why
couldn't it have been a gold bracelet
because that's that's how she thinks her
that's yes of course clown shoes give a
big stupid clown shoes it's what she
deserves
yes yes this is my wife ex-wife this is
my stupid ex-wife with was the name the
first name is stupid stupid and a last
name is ex-wife yes
stupid ex what the backslash is that's
not that's not capital e on the ex-wife
yes yes and my name I'll tell you what
my name is my name is poor bastard the
poor bastard that had to put up with her
for no less than 15
is ta odd D as I'm a fast Todd alright
let's make my dumb kids wear my stupid
kids add a new sim yeah now she was we
had a kid we had a we had a boy he was a
boy okay that's the wrong gender okay
it's it's close he's getting he's
getting the kind of hat that I like
that's that's good that's good but
that's not body I mean it was I mean it
wasn't very athletic I tried to get him
to join the baseball team he sucked at
that I started him up on t-ball cuz
that's all he could actually do what the
hell is this my kid wasn't Yoda who
would ever know Grandmaster yo-yo Jesus
it's a costume oh yeah sorry I didn't
give birth to a hybrid freakin alien
from Star Wars but you know what that's
just as good as his actual dumb face
alright stop oh I guess we can't do any
of the looks though I don't know I let's
see can you wear normal shirts okay
there you go yeah yeah that's about
right let's make a book a little bit
classier than he usually was shorts
jeans this no on the way okay that's a
little it's a bit of a touchy subject
with the kids day uh no it's given a big
dumb yo defeat screw it this is him this
is my kid big dumb stupid Yoda
his name is Yoda his first name is Yoda
I don't think he had a last name I don't
remember him being a part of our family
all right
he spent all this time out with his
friends we had a little girl too
she was actually sweet she was a very
nice young girl cute as a button took
after a mother in in how [ __ ] she was
though but I can't fault her on it she
grew up in a pretty bad environment and
that's really not her fault she had some
freckles just like a dumb mother you
click on your thumb your little face
there uh no you get these weird pigtails
cornrows no she had cornrows I see I
distinctly remember cornrows she saw
that on TV and she thought it was cool
no I'm not going we were not having to
Yoda kids hotdog head yes
hotdog head it's way better than
cornrows oh yes
I think this is a winning combination
maybe just slap assure to something on
there
what is this was an alien shirt what are
you doing what are you doing it yeah
yeah I think she looks pretty okay where
was it named my name is a hot dog and
hot dog last name last name friggin head
last name head hot dog
HEA T head yeah this is my family this
is what oh oh she was uh she was
hot-headed hot-headed get it because she
was high she was a hot dog alright yes
sorry
a little joke from me I was extremely
popular
I was I was oh man friend of the world
and a party animal can I pick all of
these I I was such a happy person back
in the day I was I was a romantic you
can ask my wife but she probably lied to
you about that like she lies about
everything else especially the other guy
Julio whatever the [ __ ] his name was I
was family-oriented despite the fact
that I kind of hated them Oh God
I kind of hated them just a little bit I
think that's normal to eat your family
just a little bit I think that's just a
natural way to think you know just yeah
and I was uh I was I was a bit
gluttonous I like to eat ok I enjoy I
enjoy a good meal now let's work on
Debra oh let's get into Debra this is
juicy
ok Debra yeah bit of a foodie I guess
you could say that look at look at a
waistline yeah you could say she's a bit
of a foodie I think that's appropriate
uh yeah let's see let's see how where is
the [ __ ] button which of these makes
her a self-righteous [ __ ] mean oh there
you go that's absolutely correct and
evil she was mean evil in fact oh my god
she was like a monster from a fairy tale
and there's not much to say about this
kid he was a bit of a loner that of a
lone wolf as you've been tailed by the
Yoda costume he didn't have a whole lot
of friends uh yeah self assured that
sounds about right she was she was a
go-getter hot
so I think I think this sums up this is
pretty good family
I think I'm happy with this family how
do I confirm stupid ex-wife that's
that's perfect that's absolutely perfect
where do i how do i make this the final
thing stupid ex-wife I'm I'm feeling
pretty good about this now how would how
do we get into the game where we get a
divorce just like we did in real life
all right this is my family big happy
family
look at this freak show let's get
started wanting a family sim name
description' currently contains a
disallowed what what are you what are
you talking about bastard
that's a disallowed word hey it's the
most appropriate word I could think of
oh good did they change my last name I'm
gonna be absolutely no moving bastard
that's me I'm a moving bastard all right
your Sims need a place to live
I'll show you perfect homes Willow Creek
and always two Springs okay let me talk
to my realtor we didn't live in the
desert it was it was it was urban we
didn't live in a very good neighborhood
but we got by the suburbs yeah this this
is this is okay the the bestit household
is moving this is a good plot of land I
feel very happy about this particular
place we're gonna start a new life here
maybe a better life than the last one
was she left me but you know what maybe
I want her to leave me maybe that's what
it is live mode yeah they just stay up
there life I get it okay playing with
emotions negative emotions I know all
about that don't worry about that we've
got that [ __ ] covered all right let's
make a house maybe I don't know maybe we
pause this so they don't starve to death
while I'm building what does this kick
might kick my kid out of the family yeah
that would sound wonderful a build mode
build Mahal that's the kind of house I
wanna live it there's no way we're gonna
ever afford that with my salary uh what
is this what is it oh you can make whole
rooms linoleum dream food e-fit we need
the biggest kitchen possible for them
bro
just whatever we can scrounge up I think
we should actually build the house
before we get to the kitchen well maybe
we should just start with the kitchen
that's what Deborah would do just buy
the whole damn room sure Deborah just
throw that in there we can totally
afford that with my shitty dead-end job
and you're not gonna go to work and get
a job yourself hell no that would be
actually some amount of work
you'd have to do me and her are gonna
sleep in the same bed but we're gonna
hate every minute of it because that's
what we did in our life we don't have a
coherent house where everything's all
together no no no no we all live in
separate rooms cuz we can't stand the
sight of each other let's say we need a
living room art of conversation I mean
we're not gonna talk much
that way you're the incase of company in
case we have people over we're gonna at
least pretend to be a happy family that
doesn't hate each other's guts but let's
behold the honest that's that's not
practical maybe maybe we will connect
the household just just a little bit
I'll be honest I don't know how to
rotate the camera here so let's grab
this [ __ ] thing
maybe maybe no that's that's there it's
forward it's no no no no no that's not
it up whoa okay okay these buttons are
up but wait there we go
connect it there we go this bedroom
right in the middle of the damn house
that's that's good it's not like we have
any sex or anything that they could hear
anyway we're not those kind of people so
see a dining room we don't need a dining
room we just eat in the kitchen study
wouldn't what am i what am i a
millionaire kids room I guess the kids
need to sleep too huh okay well let's
throw them tell you what kids are gonna
get a cheap little shack out in the
middle of the yard yeah they can they
can sleep in there no that has a that's
that has a crib we don't have a [ __ ] we
don't have a toddler how do I sell this
remove everything not just the floor I
just take it down do you know what
they'll manage they'll get by let's
throw another one in here for the kid
the other kid whatever the [ __ ] his name
was that that's appropriate he's a brony
it's fine uh uh let's see topiary maze
Korea we don't have a career Oh a maze
oh I never thought of labyrinth of the
lost gnome a maze yes
a maze at a symbolic for our search of
happiness that we can never get out of
it's a never-ending maze of trying to
find your way home but there isn't one
it's just sadness it ends in sadness you
can't get into the house I put this in a
bad place you can't actually get into
the house I should move this a better
location right right in front of the
kids room damn it
right there you go you trying to find
your way is sleep good yeah
alright we need that we need a [ __ ]
we don't have one of them so yeah Kosmic
clean this yeah I don't need none of
this flowery crap I grew up in a four by
five apartment in Brooklyn I don't we're
out of money we're out of money
well looks like daddy needs to get
himself a job cuz he's only got a grand
and there's no way that's gonna pay for
utilities so I guess how do I get out of
the building let's go back to
interacting with your family mode
employment is the best way for Simms to
get an a burden or earned income yeah of
course it is let's let's get the living
hey everybody you notice that was
avoiding me right out of the box oh you
love the kids oh sure you love the kids
now you didn't want custody of them
after the divorce what is that what is
coming off of me of those fumes Moises
think what the hell is wrong with me am
i radioactive
what are you trying to say what does
that mean I'm sorry I don't remember
picking stinky son of a [ __ ] is one of
the traits I'm talking to my son
I'm like hey what how about that
daughter huh hot dog on the head what's
up with that he's like I don't know but
he's got a Yoda head so it's not like
it's much better what is this phone yeah
I don't have friends so that's that's
out of the question what is this well we
got a we got a pretty nice pad here I
gotta admit the living room is a little
minimalist get a chair and a table so
you can sit and think about your
horrible life that's what I do I just
sit in the middle of the room no music
and nothing don't talk to anybody just
sit there and think oh man Oh Debra
don't so touch I go jogging I had
anything to get away from this [ __ ] Oh
Debra Deb no no I want you to I want you
to go away Oh Debra I want you to leave
I want you out of here go here go away
go anywhere she's thinking about aliens
she's thinking about aliens and she's
texting her imaginary friends where am I
what am i doing I'm feeling inspired oh
I'm going for a jog well get this I
would never do this in real life no
never where do I have a sandwich what's
the button for having a sandwich was my
kid up - was my stupid kid up - hey kid
hey kid
stupid ex-wife acquired the video game
skill okay yeah because she doesn't have
work to do or nothing she's just gonna
sit home on a fat ass and play video
games all eating Cheetos and [ __ ]
because that's of course this is just
this is surprisingly accurate to what
actually happened - the body owner I
appear to be decaying I don't know
what's happening was i bitten by a
zombie I stink
and I'm starting to what appear to be
bleed what's happening to me
I don't remember this part of my life go
take a shower
what is wrong with you do we have one of
those well where do we put the damn oh
we couldn't afford a bathroom that's
right cuz never didn't get a job we have
a nice little place back here what is
this this nice little Park I wish I got
a park we didn't have a park no we had a
waste disposal site behind our house
yeah that would actually explain a lot
of the stench I think I think that would
actually what am i doing I don't have a
happy family get outside it no go here
go here away from everyone else
no that's the kid all right we need
money how do I find the job what does
the find a job button is there a career
button there a button for what is this
party animal I am that Korea J what does
join a Korean poor doesn't have a job
what the hell does that mean poor
doesn't have a job maybe that's why he's
poor poor doesn't have a job okay
astronaut I would love to be an
astronaut I could be an astronaut Stu
pay on that [ __ ] and it doesn't really
matter I get to just go to space unless
as it goes all in a stuck a secret agent
are you kidding me $17 an hour to be a
secret agent I'm saving the freaking
world over here why astronaut gets paid
more doesn't save jack [ __ ] he just
flies on the space floats around and
eats some freeze-dried ice cream sure
that's my job that was not gonna get a
job cuz I know her she'd get fired in a
week kid get a job great school see
student well then why am I not surprised
she's a C student Oh
oh you think coming from such a
wonderful home environment like this he
would actually go somewhere in life
he's a C's students not gonna be asked
for not like his father that's for damn
sure
look at these people they're running
away from me they see what's happening
he and they don't want a part of this
they know it's Rumble look at me I'm
drinking milk is something I'm eating
I'm reading I'm reading a book - ignore
my wife she's oh she's cleaning she's
actually putting the books back on the
shelf instead of just leave them all
around the house like she usually does
what are you doing what do you do or
what are you a good student at least
please know you're also a C student both
of my kids to see students all right
don't go to school
what button sends them to school and
away from me it occurs to me that maybe
I'm not a very attentive father that
that that is possible burst of
inspiration get money go to work go to
your stupid ass for that job go away for
years on end go to Mars and maybe not
come back I am toys I do need doors okay
so what of course to me that I need
doors where do I find the door what is
this I drop it now design cool doors oh
look at this a little nifty little
little house there's a nice 260 dollars
for a door $50 make sure less this is
yes unisex bathroom that's my house it's
just a big ol unisex bathroom yep
[ __ ] way you like cuz nothing really
matters no one here to clean it let's
see I guess I guess we kind of need some
doors just the cheapest bathroom doors
we can find can they get into this damn
place screw it let's throw a door there
bathroom doors for everybody I don't
think this maze was a good investment if
I'm being perfectly honest I feel like I
really couldn't afford this and I bought
this just out of spite for my wife but
how do I sell this let's sell this damn
thing what is this what isn't like bars
tall walls you'll never get out of here
whoa Jesus Christ what happened no good
okay so I don't I think it would help if
I in a shower or a toilet or something
maybe I need to wash myself I'm not
smelling so great apparently I think
that's what it's trying to tell me I
don't see a toilet
we need toiletries this is up toilet
just the toilet toilet by itself right
in the middle of the damn yard sure we
don't have a shred of dignity left in us
so let's just [ __ ] in the yard yep
that's that's it mm-hmm okay no we need
a shower shower shower shower this is
far too expensive look at that that damn
thing 275 275 dollars for shower we are
running out of money
my wife is bleeding me dry maybe she
should get a job
let me see Deborah Deborah no I'm
phoning it in yeah let me tell you about
phoning it in Oh my life who are you
Liberty the way we have a kid while I
wasn't looking what happened she's an
astronaut too how the hell did we gain
another kid who also became an astronaut
who are you not part of my family where
the [ __ ] is y'all see ya Deborah are you
cheating on me did you have another kid
that grew up 17 years old while I wasn't
looking send text leave my wife alone
leave me alone go home I'm uncomfortable
yep this is me you see this right here
this this image of my face right here
this is me 90% of the time uncomfortable
unhappy I'm an astronaut
you'd think I'd have a happy life as an
astronaut oh my god I have quite a smell
it's at my I'm surprised my kids even
talk to me use the show you son of a
[ __ ] what's happening
get in there yes please I didn't even
have to tell them social level to hotdog
head Wow
I turn into a different man I am ripped
I don't remember being like this
Wow underneath that helmet in that
classy shirt there's a there's a hell of
a man under there I could watch me
shower all day if it weren't for those
blurs okay well let me see let me see
let me see if I can tell the Liberty to
get lost like the Hangout maybe maybe
I'll cheat on my wife you ever think
about that you ever think maybe I'll do
that to her she has no problem doing it
for me then let's invite to hang out at
current job in space
go to space to get sorry honey I won't
be home for dinner I'm going to space
with my other girlfriend yes that's
right her name is Liberty she's
free-spirited and doesn't judge me for
my drinking there's a box what is this
what does this do I have a gift
the sauntering dead the hell is this the
stuff the sauntering dead doesn't sound
good
family-oriented glutton what is this
we're broken needs I have a lot of needs
hygiene and I'd consider that take
another damn shower get in the shower
take a shower take thoughtful shower
take a steamy shower I need a big steamy
shower he's like no I can't do it
because my wife's a [ __ ] that's what
that face says he thinks about her when
he showers she makes me feel dirty just
by being around me that's Liberty hey
Liberty how you doing after I get out of
the shower you and me are gonna have a
talk about a future away from my wife
preferably yeah Liberty yeah I think I
think I think I could get into this
whole cheating on my wife I did um I
need wait how do I go to work I have a
job how do I go to work daily tasks play
chess how is that how is that a space
job huh oh I'm an intern astronaut is
that really can you do that can you be
an intern astronaut I'm just gonna go to
space and learn the ropes today
I don't need years of training or
anything like that
nope I'm not very good at my job as you
can see my job of playing chess in space
I guess I don't really know how that
furthers the advancement of the human
race and that space goals but whatever
hotdog head what are you up to
hotdog head hey let me holla at you for
a minute hotdog head what are you what
are you up to what are you doing she's
sitting on the bed talking to my stupid
wife they having a great time they're
really bonding her in a hot dog head
Liberty Liberty's trying to explain to
my wife that she's stifling me and that
she needs to let me be more
free-spirited around people like her but
of course Deborah's not gonna listen to
any of that [ __ ] no of course she isn't
what am i doing I'm still taking a hot
steamy shower oh look at that hunk of
man whoa
jumped right into his clothes and he's
feeling sexy this is exactly what I like
to see now go talk to Liberty let's go
talk to Liberty I'm feeling flirty I am
feeling flirty
Oh call me yeah girl I need to talk to
you wrote no funny inter flirty
interruption hey there Liberty come here
often to my house apparently you do I
don't know why you're around so much but
I'm not gonna complain Debora get out of
my way with that stupid book I don't
care what you're doing
hey hey Liberty so uh so what are you
doing for although you do what I do for
a living
let's see I tell engaging story hmm yeah
there's a story about how my wife sucks
assists it's a long story but trust me
the ending is worth it
there's a surprise ending at the end
where I leave her for you that's the end
of this particular story mm hmm hmm see
boast about family I don't think that's
a good idea
discuss interests we have the same job
right so I mean we have a lot in common
sure young adult on middle age this will
go well what is my wife doing she's just
walking around the house with a book she
can't read she's illiterate I know for a
fact that woman can't read let's enthuse
about space let's talk about space I
feel like that's a topic that interests
the both of us equally uh-huh he is the
Sun the Sun exists I'm talking to her
about the Sun because we're talking
about space she's like yeah I love the
Sun it provides warmth in life for all
things on earth uh-huh we have a lot in
common
don't tell her a dirty joke I don't
think I should do that ask about love
life so so you're single Liberty hell
yeah you doing how are things in your
life yeah yeah you feeling lonely
sometimes
no plus sign she's talking about me
she's talking about me yeah and cupcakes
that's interesting I don't have all lot
do with cupcakes cupcakes and me okay I
can swing with that she's in the
cupcakes we having a pleasant
conversation I feel like this is this is
working tell the joke about monkeys yeah
well let me tell you this could go
either way it really depends on the
situation of the monkey joke see now
you're talking about cupcakes and uh
yeah I had to take a quick pee sorry
about that
uh yeah okay so hey Liberty what you
doing maybe they would impression I
don't know
oh yeah a little more choices friendly
friendly maybe yeah okay don't don't
kiss your hands that's a little weird to
just go kiss in people's hands that's
that's very strange makes it look like
you've got some kind of strange fetish
let's get real close get real close to
you and me hey let's talk about you
you gotta get you got a nice face I like
the way your face is shaped it makes me
happy that's what I say to her and I
have a lot of money I don't have any
money guy your $560 I'm lying my ass off
right now god I don't know maybe offer a
rose I feel like this is a little
premature I feel like this isn't the
bachelor The Bachelorette
she's gonna look at this rose go Wow oh
my god she took it she's smelling it she
likes it oh she likes me look at that
state you could tell by the body
language she wants me hard she's like
you have a nice car I'm like I don't
have a car but I have a very nice car I
like to clean I love to see that the
woman I like shirts she's like oh my god
I like shirts too we're in love we're in
love it's happens she likes grilled
cheese I like grilled cheese we are made
for each other I think a sexy pose might
be called for a sexy pose I'm feeling
sexy flow it was sexy pose here I'm like
mmm yeah I like that just talk about
let's talk about us let's talk about me
and you oh oh look at that little pink
meatus you got down there Hey
yeah the pink mm-hmm ask don't ask on a
date we're gonna go somewhere
hey baby you want to go to space
together oh I get that I just asked to
take her to a library she's like well I
really like music I would prefer to go
to a concert and to that I say yes we'll
go to a concert where are we going what
are we doing we have a loading screen we
have a loading screen of love we're
traveling we're going on the date I've
never oh my god Oh goodbye Debra hello
Liberty Lea whoo I didn't think I had it
in me to be perfectly honest let's go to
the park girls like parks girls like
okay
there's no other there's no other places
to go on vacation or if you're on a date
rather the lake you want to you want to
wander around the wilderness together
let's go to this vacant lot down the
street it's very romantic this time
yes go look at the sidewalks let's go on
a date to my house yeah that's very
romantic
let's go on a date to my house in front
of my kids and wife they'll love this
socialize with you date now that I can
do socialize hey hey where you going
baby stop stop stupid wall oh my god all
right let's get nice and close yeah
socialize it's uh it's uh it's oh you
think no I think maybe it's a little too
early [ __ ] it we're doing it we're doing
it no half measures with me hey come on
yeah we're gonna go to a place where we
can have some privacy we can be alone
where these where is it going where is
he going
he's skin I understand I understand how
you feel him but you have to come back
did you just abandon her for a sandwich
what the hell are you doing Oh what are
you doing get back there give her that
what if you don't hand her what are you
doing what am i doing you know I just
stepped on the drink some juice she's
over here alone in the yard what's going
on
what'd she go she's gonna go home she's
gonna go home this is already an awkward
date we're dating in front of my wife
what are you doing she's just here she's
happy she's having a great time hanging
out between the houses
get over here talk to her give her I
have to take a piss this is bad I have
to pee is he yeah you go pee very
quickly you run you run to the bathroom
now and I mean it mister you do it very
quickly while she's not watching I swear
to God if she catches me on the toilet I
am going to throw a tantrum look at this
look at he's walking like chicken he has
to pee so badly he's nervous that's what
it is it's just nerves he's nerves he
wants to kiss this girl but she's
listening the music with his wife it's a
stressful situation sometimes you just
gotta go take a pee sitting down I think
we've all been there I think we all
understand that feeling hi my kid I what
I would surprises me is that she isn't
put off by my weird ass
that my daughter has a hotdog head and
my son is literally Yoda or doesn't
doesn't make her uncomfortable in the
slightest
we need the kiss sexy first kiss let's
do it here we go here we go my wife's
dancing she's thinking about tanks she's
distracted this is the perfect time in
the perfect place look at that burning
heart that's Oh oh I oh I was rejected
and I'm gonna go wear a paper bag on my
head and now she's talking about
I guess 9/11 I I think that brought the
mode down quite a bit let's talk about
us okay I don't think this date went
well she's gonna go take a nap on my bed
I don't really know where that leaves me
so we're gonna pick this up when I feel
less sad about the way things are going
so it's been fun everybody but I think
I'm gonna call it a day and we'll be
back we will definitely do this at some
point in the future