H what do I do what do I do hey Bo you
look so stressed out that's cuz I am
stressed out Karen why are you in your
dentist uniform you don't work today oh
it's National love you dentist day what
yeah it's June 2nd this is the day where
everybody calls up their dentist and
tells them how much they love them and
appreciate what they do for their teeth
that's not a real thing Bo yeah it is oh
hold on Karen my phone's ringing hello
hey thank you for fixing my teeth yeah
you're welcome I love you okay thanks
buddy hey you keep flossing you hear me
my phone has been blowing up all day B
that's just silly oh look yeah you got
us a rotisserie chicken I guess I don't
have to cook dinner tonight well of
course I got us a rotisserie chicken
Karen it's National rotisserie chicken
day what yeah June 2nd no bo that
there's no way there could be more than
one holiday in a day sure there can
Karen it's June 2nd it's also National
Rocky Road ice cream day what yeah and I
got to get this ice cream down to the
strip club why Bo well because it's also
national sex workers day Bo you're not
going to the strip club oh hold on Karen
my phone's ringing again hello hey buddy
I'm sorry I forgot what today is that's
okay I love you yeah okay well thank you
yeah thank you thank you for the teeth
yeah thank you B why aren you saying I
love you back well it's National love
your dentist day not love your patient
day that's a completely different day
but look Karen I'm already really
stressed out cuz they're throwing me a
big I love my dentist party down at the
dentist's office and of course I have to
go because I'm the dentist but I also
really want to go to the rotisserie
chicken eating contest festival downtown
but it's also Rocky Road ice cream night
down at the strip club because whenever
you go there it makes your marriage a
rocky road B you can't do all that stuff
in one day it's impossible to be all in
those places at once H you're right
Karen I should clone myself no Bon I
think you should stay at home with me no
it's okay Karen I heard you the first
time clone myself good idea no bnie hang
out here with me yeah I'm going to go
figure out how to clone myself thanks
Karen bnie that's not what I said
there's no way you think you'd be safer
in the woods with a bear than a man but
I don't know what that man would do to
me Junior I know what the bear would do
to you the bear would eat you you don't
know that well bear is a term for a big
hairy gay dude so I'm going to pick bear
hey any of you kids have a clone machine
yeah Cody has a clone machine dad what
are you doing here well I got to clone
myself cuz I have a whole bunch of [ __ ]
to do today what do you have to do on a
Sunday it's June 2nd so it's National
rotisserie chicken day Rocky Road ice
cream day sex worker day and national
love your dentist day oh I forgot it's
also National Bubba day I got to call my
buddy Bubba hello hey Bubba thanks for
being Bubba oh no problem bud and thank
you for being my dentist I love you love
you too buddy W there's a lot of
holidays today yeah it's also National
cancer survivor day oh and National
Janice day I forgot to call Janice hello
hey Janice thanks for being Janice oh
you're welcome thanks for being my Denis
I love you love you too and hey
congratulations on Surviving cancer oh
thank you hey didn't you just get off
the phone with Bubba yeah I did oh is
that the dentist sure is wait he's there
yeah we're engaged oh congratulations
thank you you want to come to the
wedding today wait oh wow well what a
day I mean Bubba and Janice the cancer
survivors are both getting married on
bubba and Janice and cancer survivor day
we sure are hey what what did he say he
said uh that he was going to come to the
wedding right you're coming to the
wedding yeah I'll come to the wedding
awesome oh tell them I love him hi bub
says he loves you and I love you too
love you both [ __ ] I have to go to a
wedding now hey Dad can you also make a
clone for me to have a father that's
actually around oh I'm sorry I didn't
realize it was wine like a little [ __ ]
day [ __ ] you Dad oh if it was National
grounde daughter day I do it but it's
not so go home and eat your Rock and
Road ice cream fine and your rotisserie
chicken but brush your teeth and don't
eat too much anyway clone machine please
yeah Cody grab your Clon machine he
needs it all right here it is the
cloning machine cloning machine cloning
machine patent approved what's it do
shut up Junior okay okay so I'm going to
need like three more of me okay no
problem just uh hop on in there like
this yeah get in there okay and then I
just set this to quadruple mode and now
we wait hey in there somebody call a
doctor hey there somebody call a doctor
hey there somebody call a doctor okay
everybody look at me hey he looks just
like me hey he looks just like me hey he
looks just like me okay Jesus [ __ ]
Christ okay I am the original Brooklyn
guy okay that is why I am wearing
clothes now we have a lot to do today
okay So you you're going to go to a
rotisserie chicken eating contest
Festival got it and you you're going to
go to a wedding it's Bubba and Janice
they're cancer survivors get them a nice
gift got it and you you hey hey you yeah
you're going to go to an I love my
dentist party okay uhhuh okay yeah okay
so just put on this outfit there you go
not looking too shabby isn't he a
Scooby-Doo no that's Shaggy I said
shabby to got me in the closet it wasn't
me no that's also Shaggy look you have
to go be a dentist at an I love my
dentist party
okay so where are you going to go since
they're doing your errands I'm going to
go eat Rocky Road ice cream at a strip
club so thanks for the cloning machine
guys oh man I can't wait to eat ice
cream and look at boobies what what the
hell guys oh hey Bing guy what's up oh
hey broken guy what's up boobies guys
what the hell are you doing here I sent
you guys out to go do stuff you're
supposed to be at a rotisserie chicken
eating contest Festival you're supposed
to be at a wedding and you're supposed
to be at the dentist party but we heard
you were going to eat ice cream and go
to a strip club and that just like a lot
more fun well yeah of course it's a lot
more fun that's why I'm the one doing it
you guys are supposed to be out there
doing the things I don't want to do as
much that's why you're the Clones oh my
God quadruplets that's like four times
the cash four times the penis guys get
the hell out of here hey hey I'm talking
to you too buddy but I like the boobies
yeah me too that's why I'm staying here
and you're going to the dentist party
okay okay sorry about that ma'am now
just to eat my ice cream we are gathered
here today to witness the Union of Bubba
and Janice two cancer survivors who love
rotisserie chicken I love you Janice oh
shoot I love you Bubba if anybody has
any reason why these two should not be
married speak now or forever hold your
peace I object what I'm just kidding
sorry I'm late everybody hey that's our
Dennis our Dennis hey I love that guy I
love you man okay I love you too oh
really hey what are you trying to do to
my wife what the hell was that I I was
making out with her because she said she
loved me no you were trying to give a my
wife I wasn't born yesterday well I was
actually born today oh happy birthday
yeah happy birthday man I love you I
mean I'm not the biggest fan of what you
just try to do to my wife but I still
love you cuz you're my dentist okay I'm
getting really mixed signals here is it
okay if I kiss your wife or not hell no
okay hey you want to fight buddy hell
yeah wedding fight oh [ __ ] I hit the
wrong guy I'm I am so sorry I I'm
embarrassed I I'm going to go I'm sorry
all right everyone when the dentist gets
here we're all going to yell surprise we
love you to show him how much we love
him oh yeah the dentist is going to love
that Bon surprise we love you ow why'd
you punch me in the face scared doctor
you don't have to be scared this is your
surprise we love you dentist party
yellow yes that balloon is yellow green
yes that balloon's green pink all right
doctor did you get into the laughing gas
again gas I can poop all right he
definitely did hey doctor Linda from HR
has something to say Well Mr Brooklyn
guy I know I've had to write you up a
lot in the past but I was thinking that
since today is love your dentist day
that we could just wipe your slate clean
as long as you promise not to do
anything bad again boobies I'm going
grab them
no oh my God someone called 911 hello
and welcome to the yummy yummy
rotisserie chicken eating contest f
each of you has a rotisserie chicken in
front of you and the first person that
eats all of their rotisserie chicken
wins a $25 CC's Pizza gift card and
$10,000 in cash that $25 CC's Pizza gift
cards as good as mine $10,000 I can
spend that on strippers and now for the
rules you're not allowed to use your
hands only your mouth all right I'll see
you later all right that was my side
chick now for your rules all you have to
do is eat all your chicken 3 2 1 yummy
yummy chicken
time said go you just said yummy yummy
chicken time you're losing you're losing
oh my God I am losing U I'm taking the
money oh my God he stole the priz money
someone call the cops hurry oh damn oh
damn damn damn she's going crazy look at
her gamn whoa whoa guys what are you
doing here you done already uh yeah I
won the contest and I got $10,000 oh
nice we can use that on the strippers
hey how the wedding go um you made
appearance they definitely know you were
there oh nice how' the dentist party go
boo boes okay was Linda from HR there
you didn't embarrass me in front of
Linda did you no Okay good guys quit you
yapping boobies big old knockers officer
Simmons get in here yes sir it seems
your partner officer guy has gone Rog oh
no he's stolen $10,000 and assaulted
multiple people and he needs to be
stopped what's wrong with him I don't
know he's just unhinged I'll understand
if you don't want to bring him in I can
send a different officer no sir no he's
my partner I have to bring him in okay
bring him in Dead or Alive all right but
before I go can I have some of your
Rocky Road ice cream no you can have
some ice cream when you bring officer
guy in here now go get yes sir my rocket
Roll free guy you under arrest what's
going on what's going on Simmons what's
going on boobies you know what you did
what why are there four of you oh yeah I
cloned myself and these are all my
clones what did they do well you stole
$10,000 from a contest you punched a
wedding efficient and made out with the
broad and you also punched an HR lady
wow you guys really [ __ ] up my life so
I'm going to have to arrest all four of
you until I can figure out which one's
the real you no Simmons I'm the real one
and these are all clones no I'm the real
one no I'm the real one booies no
Simmons ask a question only I would know
all right what color are my eyes blue
all you're the real one no no Simmons
everybody can see your eyes he just
answered first that's a real question
all right what does your mom scream out
when I'm banging her no Simmons I'm not
answering that come on man I know you
heard it chwy Mano no say it the way she
says it CH poy Mano oh you're the real
one what the [ __ ] Simmons you didn't
have to execute them you could have just
arrested them oh I'm sorry man I thought
we were in like a movie or something no
no they weren't holding me at gunpoint
Jesus do you know how traumatizing it is
to see yourself get shot three times
well I'm sorry mate maybe next time
don't [ __ ] clone yourself or
something yeah yeah you're probably
right God this is the worst June 2nd
I've ever had I'm going home
[Music]
oh