yeah Junior my knees are weak and my
arms are spaghetti dude that's crazy
shoot me with the spaghetti Ray and
chase me back to normal okay
oh good I have my arms back I'm never
making a spaghetti Ray ever again what
were you thinking Cody I really have no
idea okay that was the last scene for
SML movie Cody spaghetti arms instant
classic yeah Joseph killed it bro it
would get more views if it was called
Jeffy spaghetti arms well obviously why
wasn't Penelope in the video because no
one likes her why isn't there an Anthony
puppet shut up Anthony all right guys we
got done filming early today you want to
go do something oh we should see the
Marvin Bros movie oh that sounds like
fun yeah that'd be dope dude it would
get more views if it was called The
Jeffy Bros movie obviously all right
guys let's go see the Marvin Bros movie
yeah hey booby can I go no
I'm so excited to see this movie yeah
one ticket to the Marvin Bros movie
please yeah
highway robbery this is why nobody goes
to the movies anymore am I right should
have just waited to see it on Amazon
Prime hey one ticket to the Marvin Bros
movie please
Jesus
thank you
hey one ticket to the Marvin Bros movie
please 20 sure damn dude ah expensive
ass movie one ticket to the Marvin Bros
please can I see your twenty dollars
thank you uh one ticket to the Marvin
Bros movie oh sorry here I'm afraid you
can't see this movie well why not I have
cash cheers he's a 20. yeah it's the
whole you know oh shoot thing I I don't
use those characters anymore I made my
own yeah I'm sorry sure I'm not gonna be
able to give you one of these movie
tickets oh can I speak to your manager
sure all right here's my major what the
[ __ ] do you want uh I want to see the
the Marvin Bros movie please you know
you can't see that well I thought me and
the company were cool like I stopped
using their characters I thought maybe
they hate you they told every movie
theater in the world and if they see
your stupid face trying to come see this
movie to tell you to leave so leave walk
through it's true oh look I I got twenty
dollars let me just see it I won't tell
anyone oh you have a twenty three well
I'm keeping it they're wasting my time
now leave oh come on please leave
I'll see him come back to this theater
you call the police yes sir all right
this disguise should work no one will
recognize me wearing this hello here how
may I help you today one ticket to the
Marvin Brothers movie please oh the only
movies we have yet during 3D that's fine
I'll watch it in 3D perfect yoby twenty
dollars here you go
and here is your movie tickets yes wait
a minute do I know you from somewhere uh
no this is my first time ever at this
movie theater are you sure cause you
look really familiar or maybe we went to
high school together what's your name uh
Marcus Marcus I remember you you're
really gonna finish me in front of all
the cheerleaders and expose my wieners
that was fantastic it's a good thing on
my shower and not a grower anyway here's
your movie tickets I actually got a
ticket and don't forget your 3D glasses
oh thank you so much sir enjoy your
movie
oh man I can't believe I actually made
it into the Marvin Bros movie I gotta
put my 3D glasses on let me take this
guys off
let me put these glasses on enjoying the
movie about to get the [ __ ] out oh yep
come on man you know you can't see this
movie oh come on just let me watch the
intro nope let's go oh come on yo
where's Logan at oh I think it's in the
bathroom pooping pooping Everybody
taking a big old stinky [ __ ] actually I
think he's banging in the family
bathroom who is calling me
I'll hop off my pecker the movie hasn't
even started yet hello hey booby oh
where are you I told everybody you were
pooping pooping
[ __ ] you want to go this old hag just
threw popcorn at me listen poopy they
won't let me in the theater oh why not
because the whole lawsuit thing oh
that's crazy yo is that Logan tell them
to give me a popcorn bro Lavelle says
get him a popcorn they won't even let me
in the theater oh that sucks look can
you let me into the back exit no but why
not well I don't want to get in trouble
I want to see the movie too let's just
open up the backpack just ask Lavelle if
he'll do it what's that Lovell open up
the back exit wait wait you can't afford
to take it my boy no I can't afford to
take just open the back exit all right
uh bro it says the door is alarm just
push it open it
I can't believe I made it to the movie
thank you yeah no problem bro that alarm
was loud do you think the manager heard
yes I don't think he did these theaters
are allowed yeah you good bro hey you're
supposed to buy a ticket like I did I've
been saving up my money only
can't wait
to watch Rose movie me too hey get the
[ __ ] out how'd you know I was here you
think I wouldn't notice the fire alarm
going off yeah I told you he's gonna
hear it all right man come on you're
under arrest under arrest for what the
sign says trespasses will be prosecuted
and you're trespassing you basically
signed a contract to get arrested so
come on well I I wasn't the one that
opened the door actually I was yep come
on let's go yeah good call good call get
in there you oh come mom let me out I
didn't do anything wrong no no you know
you're not supposed to be watching that
movie it's not for you it's for
everybody else who didn't piss off that
company but we don't use their
characters anymore no it doesn't matter
they don't want you watching that movie
because they don't want you getting any
ideas the movie's too awesome is it
awesome oh yeah I've seen it three times
it's great can you tell me if Junior's
in it no I can't tell you that well can
you at least tell me the ending oh I
can't tell you that either look you're
gonna have to ask the judge but don't
worry your Court's coming up pretty soon
well can I at least get my one phone
call oh yeah you do get one of those I
guess I probably should have given you
that before I put you in here Logan come
on you get one phone call okay
oh come on please answer hello hey Julie
wasn't I just got arrested I need you to
bail me out of jail what are you in jail
for I tried to see the Marvin movie you
know you can't see that movie
I didn't think it's gonna be that big of
a deal just come bail me out well I have
no one to watch Lily well then get Tito
to come bail me out well Tina's gonna go
see the new Marvel movie right now heck
yeah I am later losers will someone just
come please bail me out all right time's
up but no one's gonna bail me out yet
doesn't matter come on oh that movie was
amazing I loved the Marvin card scene
and Cody even dressed up like a girl
like he did in that one video why wasn't
that Star Princess person in the movie
oh they're definitely gonna milk that
like the third movie her little star
wasn't it though I met that fire
breathing Turtle wasn't watching Charlie
and friends though and I can't believe
Jeffy wasn't in it wait where's Logan oh
he got arrested what when did that
happen well you were out getting popcorn
[ __ ] yeah maybe we should go bail him
out um I'll go do it you guys stay here
someone please get me out of here hey
Logan hey poopy did you come to bail me
out oh no I just came to tell you how
good the movie was how good is it oh
it's really good oh it's Junior in it no
no he's not but Cody is he dresses like
a girl and everything so he's gay yeah I
guess so that's so cool how does the
movie End oh you see they actually go to
no no no no don't tell him how it ends
you it's time for court come on oh I'll
get my robe on
I am the honorable Judge Boomer today we
will
look in the third year who is being
accused of trying to sneak into the
Marvin Brothers movie which is very good
by the way Logan why were you trying to
sneak into this movie film oh well I
tried to pay for it and then they
wouldn't let me in so I snuck in I see
and why would they not let you in
because the company that made the movie
uh sued me one time for using their
characters and I don't use their
characters anymore but I guess I'm just
not allowed to see it oh so you knew you
weren't supposed to be seeing this film
well no I didn't know I wasn't allowed
to see it because I use my own character
so I thought me and the company were
cool now so in the theater turn you away
that is when you decided to sneak in and
break the law correct yeah I went into
the exit but I did pay 40 I paid twice
and I didn't give my money back so since
I paid I should be allowed to see it did
you know I paid well the door that he
broke into said that the trespassers
will be prosecuted so he knowingly broke
the wall so the dog said that and you
opened it anyway knowing you are
committing a crime that is the worst
felony I have ever heard of oh God I
just wanted to watch the movie it's not
like you guys can stop me when it comes
out on DVD or streaming it no that is a
good point I suppose there's no way we
could prevent you from getting it on DVD
or streaming the movie then you leave me
no choice I will let you choose your
sentence I could either sentence you to
life in prison in solitary confinement
because there's no way you could ever
watch the movie in there or I could
surgically remove your eyes and ears so
you could never possibly see or hear the
movie you choose uh what if I just
promise I'll never watch it and you just
let me free we are ready
once and you tried your sneaky
Shenanigans at the movie theater so
choose before I choose for you oh uh I
guess the eyes and ears okay cool good
choice I ordered a doctor to remove his
eyes and ears I'm gonna go watch the
Marvel movie again oh my God yo what the
hell happened to you bro Jeffy yeah man
what happened
all right he can't hear us I'll I'll
explain uh so the judge which is me
decided to have his eyes taken out and
his ears cut off so that he could never
see or hear the Marvin Brothers movie
because that would be illegal well damn
poopy that's harsh yeah I mean I don't
make the rules well I guess I do but I
mean hey I didn't know what else to do
movie was great though
[Music]
thank you