all right you little brat here's your
macaroni and cheese and Cody I made you
some special noodles I think you'll like
it Chef Pee you know me so well or those
little yes yes they are oh dude I love
mac and cheese yeah I love macaroni and
cheese and I love dioni and cheese
especially the black ones man I lost my
appetite yeah me too Junior do you
notice anything new about me you're more
annoying than usual shut up Joseph you
only have a top lip well that's true no
Junior I got my ears pierced today look
I have waffle earrings in Waffle
earrings oo the hoes ugly as hell I'm
more of a pancake guy take my ass to IH
hop you feel me remember when they were
ihob and they pretended they were only
going to do Burgers nobody believed them
what you only got your ears pierc today
yeah Junior my dad just let me get them
done I thought girls were born with
their ears pierced wait Junior you
thought girls were born with holes in
their ears everyone's born with holes in
their ears idiot no I mean extra holes
girls already have extra holes where do
you think babies come from they're front
butts what Junior you know it'd be so
hot actually if you got your ears
pierced wait no just one ear pierced
that'd be so hot yeah you would look
pretty hot with an ear piercing well
well then I want one of my ears pierc
okay I'm going to go tell all my friends
that I got new earrings Joseph would it
be cool if I got one of my ears pierced
yeah maybe some rappers do it yeah you
look cool oh I want one of my ears
pierced now well you have to go ask your
dad you're not 18 yet so you need your
parents permission oh good looking out
Cody I don't want my dad to beat my ass
you ask me to get your ears pierced your
FR booty ass boy next thing you be
asking is to wear dresses lipstick no
hell no you're not Caitlyn Jenner what
the hell is wrong with you get the hell
out of my room from the ass okay right
now ow my ass what did your dad say
junior he said maybe when I'm older and
out of the house everything okay dude we
heard screaming yeah yeah my dad just
doesn't want me to get my ears pierced
because he said that I might get a staff
infection in my ear well I could just
pierce your ear with a needle you know
sanitize it no no no I think the only
way I can get my ear pierced is if I
accidentally pierce it how do you
accidentally pierce your ear oh like
fall on a needle dude yeah something
like that or like if I got in a fight
with you Cody and you pulled out a hole
punch and punched my ear well I do
always carry a hole puncher everybody
knows that about me so I could do that
if you want me to I just think the hole
would be too perfect and my dad would
know we did it on purpose yeah you're
right that's stupid o I got an idea now
this might sound crazy but what if you
lay on my roof with a sniper rifle and I
go 200 yard away and you shoot me in the
ear what Junior what the [ __ ] do you
know how hard it would be for me to
shoot your ear from 200 yard away with a
sniper rifle it's not that hard Cody
someone just did it a few days ago but
if I miss you could die just don't miss
yeah if you make it he would be cool
dude but there's like wind and gravity
and a whole bunch of [ __ ] I don't know
anything about shooting guns you've
literally made a time machine before I
think you can shoot me in the ear with a
sniper rifle yeah that is true I did do
that yeah so all you have to do is just
shoot me in the ear and you know do it
right because you know I don't want to
die well okay okay I guess I could do
that but I mean I've never shot a gun
before this is still very dangerous oh
come on Cody just grab a gun and shoot
me in the ear well where am I supposed
to get get a sniper rifle it's America
Cody you can get a gun anywhere just go
ask your dad pull out of his safe look
under the bed just literally go outside
you you'll find one yeah it's probably
hanging on the fence or something D yeah
that is kind of a stupid question you're
right it's not going to be hard all
right grab a sniper rifle and go up on
my roof okay all right Cody make sure
you only shoot my ear uh okay Junior I
got you in my sights are you ready yeah
I'm
ready I think you got it Cody did I get
it sorry I shot a lot of times I
panicked uh Cody there's people
screaming over there I think you shot a
random person oh
[ __ ] hey dude did you get your ear
pierced yeah how's it look oh dang dude
that's the wrong ear what do you mean
the wrong ear junior junior did I really
shoot someone I don't know maybe there
was people screaming what do you mean
the wrong ear dude you're not supposed
to get the right ear pierced if you get
the right one pierced you're gay what
gay oh yeah I have heard that apparently
if you get your right ear pierced
everybody knows you're gay what no one
told me if I got a specific ear pierce
it would mean I was gay dude you're
supposed to do your research it's like
tattoos they're permanent now move a
little closer to Cody I don't want you
grabbing my butt now I'm not gay Cody
why didn't you tell me well I've heard
that it doesn't mean it's true I mean
I'm gay as hell in my right you're not
Pierce so if my dad sees my right ear
pierced what's he going to say oh he
going to be mad at your gay ass well I'm
not gay okay what if I get both my ears
pierced oh you straight as [ __ ] dude
well I could just take this whole
puncher and even it out no it's got to
look like an accident does this look
like an accident Joseph uh duh dude
you're missing half of your ear yeah
you're going to have a hard time putting
an earring in there okay well grab the
gun and shoot my other ear I'm not going
to shoot your other ear especially not
if I accidentally shot some someone else
well no one's going to know it was you
there was a random bullet they probably
thought it was like from a gang fight a
gang fight in a predominantly white
Suburban
neighborhood the
[Music]
news breaking news Okay Donald Duck was
randomly shot and killed today the
shooter is identified as this four-eyed
freak if you know who this kid is please
call authorities right away there's a
$10,000 reward for anyone with
information that leads to the arrest of
this shooter so they're not even know
it's me huh Junior well that's my face
plastered all over the [ __ ] news well
hey at least they used a good photo of
you Cody thank you I don't really know
where they got it but I wish they'd send
it to me that could go on the gram I
can't believe you killed Donald Duck
well I didn't mean to kill Donald Duck I
guess one of the bullets just hit him
why' you shoot multiple times you only
had to shoot once well I didn't know if
I hit your ear or not I panicked Junior
I panicked well listen Cody we're your
best buds you have nothing to worry
about we would never call the cops and r
on you uh hey y'all looking for that
four freak that shot Donald Duck yeah
I'm sitting right next to his ass hey
y'all offering a $10,000 reward yeah
bring that money I need that right now
and come and pick his ass up immediately
Joseph what the [ __ ] bro I need that
money I need a Payday and you going to
jail anyway what the [ __ ] listen Cody
even if the cops are up my door there's
no way I would tell him you're here
thank you who's at the door let me get
it no you what the
[ __ ] the fu what the
hello you want it well you got to tell
me where he's at where's where is he at
tell me where he is tell me where the
freak is come on what do you want the
fre the Freak the 4id freak that shot
Donald Duck you tell me where he is you
get this money how can you afford to
give $110,000 just for people who tell
you stuff well it's just like a big safe
we have at the police department called
reward money I think it's taxpayer money
honestly but whenever I have a bunch of
gambling debts I go in there and grab a
stack of two every now and then nobody
notices well he's upstairs on the couch
oh here you go you thought dumb ass bit
no no no no I only give you the money
after I arrest him dumb ass all right
Officer Cody's right there there you go
[ __ ] that's mine thank you pooky Junior
you said you wouldn't let him in Cody I
can't lie to a cop I don't want to go to
jail okay you're under arrest for the
murder of Donald Duck you have the right
to remain silent anything you say or do
can and will be used against you in a
court of lawet Etc put your hands behind
your back actually you know what don't
because I forgot my handcuffs and my
squad car so please come outside quietly
without putting up a fight because I
also forgot my Taser and my handgun
because I'm an irresponsible police
officer and last night I went and drunk
driving in my squad car and I think I
killed a pedestrian but I don't really
remember you got all that I got it but
officer I didn't mean to shoot Donald
Duck I was just trying to shoot my
friend's ear um do you want to press
charges for him shooting your ear no I
told him to shoot me in the ear why are
you guys always doing weird [ __ ] here
why why why can't you guys just be
normal kids and do normal kid [ __ ]
earlier he was eating macaroni and
cheese in the shape of dicks see like
that like that kind of [ __ ] just be
normal come on you freaks let's go to
court order order order order I Am The
Honorable Jorge bber and today we will
be hearing the case of Cody who is being
accused of shooting beloved Disney icon
Donald Duck with a sniper rifle Cody why
did you do this well your honor it was a
total accident you see my friend here
wanted to get his ear pierced and his
dad told him he wasn't allowed to get
his ear pierced so he wanted to make it
look like an accident so I was shooting
his ear with a sniper rifle and I shot
multiple times and I guess one of those
bullets hit Donald Duck by accident H
that explanation is quite ridiculous but
your friend's ear is wounded did so I do
kind of believe you Mickey Mouse and
Goofy let me hear your side of the story
well your honor me Goofy and Donald were
chilling at the Mickey Mouse Trap House
me and Goofy were in the hot tub with
the girls [ __ ] you're other [ __ ]
and Donald will smok and Quack that good
hood [ __ ] and then out of nowhere his
head got blown off blown right the [ __ ]
off at first we thought it was Bob's
Bunny and those damn Looney Tunes but we
looked across the lake and there was a
foury freak with a sniper rifle he
killed B Hing up your honor well it does
seem like a complete accident to me so
Cody I find you not guilty of murder but
guilty of involuntary manslaughter and I
sentence you to three hours of community
service and a gun safety course no 3
hours your honor please have mercy on me
no oh God why 3 hours of community
service that it goofy we have to get
revenge let's shoot him in the [ __ ]
head and see how he likes it go I like
that idea I heard that and if you
successfully do it that's premeditated
murder so you know 3 hours of community
service my life is over don't worry Cody
you'll make it through it damn they gave
your ass 3 hours community service what
they really bed your ass yes they really
bapped my ass did you buy all that stuff
with your snitch money Joseph yes s ski
and I'm fresh as [ __ ] you're not worried
about how Mickey and Goofy said they're
going to shoot you oh I did hear that
and I am pretty scared but as long as
nobody lets him in the house I should be
fine there's someone at the door let me
go get it Junior what the [ __ ] hello [ __ ]
now go Hook die
[ __ ] you shot my other ear [ __ ] you m
you piece of [ __ ] well maybe if your big
[ __ ] ears weren't in the way I'd have
a better shot don't talk back to me if
thought were the right kid now I got to
go looking for him no no no no you did
get the right kid what yeah yeah the
bullet went through my ear it killed
Cody he was in the living room it got
him oh oh okay never mind goofy weake
got him oh thank God is everything okay
Junior I heard a gunshot oh it was just
Mickey and Goofy trying to kill you they
thought I was you and they shot me when
I opened the door see look at my ear
well [ __ ] I'm glad I didn't answer the
door then at least both of your ears are
pierced now you don't look gay anymore
yeah I guess it is good that now both of
my ears are pierced did I hear both of
your ears are pierced you fruity ass boy
[Music]
oh hi I didn't see you there I'm poy
from SML I do the voice of Cody and
Brooklyn guy and a whole bunch of other
people did you know we're selling Jeffy
pianos right now on
smlmerch.com yeah that's right they make
Jeffy noises whenever you press the keys
listen to that it's [ __ ] crazy right
well if you want one you better grab one
now because on July 31st they disappear
forever gone bye-bye no more buying them
so you better get one now just just
thought you should know that so you can
do this listen that listen to that Jeffy