uh I hate school Cody what happened to
your glasses don't you look like a freak
oh yeah I got Lasik so I don't need
glasses anymore what's Lasik that's when
they shoot lasers in your eyes to
correct your vision but I don't need
glasses now so now you guys can't call
me four eyes well we can still call you
a bug-eyed freak yeah googly eyes well
yeah I guess you could call me that but
you guys are just jealous of my 20 20
Vision you could only have more 20 20
Vision you're so poor you bought
two-year-old Vision what why don't you
buy 2022 Visions yeah get with the times
dude wait no it's not the year it's how
good the vision is 2020 was a bad year
Cody that's when the pandemic started
you have sick eyes yeah get away from me
dude yeah I don't want to catch your
sick eyes okay whatever you guys see how
dark it is because Daylight Savings Time
ended yeah I hate when it's dark whoa
dude what's up
what's about you yeah Cody what's wrong
with dark but I just meant I hate when
it gets dark outside what you
want no I didn't say that well Cody you
got those new eyes but you're still
racist let's not do this I thought you
could see better all right class today
we're going to be learning how fast is
the speed of light it's too fast see
that little tiny red dot it traveled at
186 000 miles per second or 11 million
160 000 miles per minute or 669 million
600 000 miles per hour that little tiny
red dot fast as [ __ ] whoa that's so fast
Cody that's how fast your mom would run
to the buffet if she wasn't so fat oh
dude she could still run that fast
regardless of her weight yeah your mom's
the fastest land elephant what land
elephant is there any other kind of
elephant well Dumbo could fly he was an
air elephant but Dumbo's not real I'll
look at him right now with those big ass
ears
um teacher may I play with your laser
device no Jeffy the laser pointer is a
very dangerous device if you pointed out
someone's eye it can make them go blind
so no you can't play with it it's not
bigger I want to play with it all right
Chris this Daylight Saving thing is
really screwing me up right now so you
guys can go home class is over and I'm
going to be putting the laser pointer
right here
okay right here no one touches and I'm
gonna go home and go to bed because it's
dark outside so I won't be here to see
if anyone touches the laser pointer
that's right here okay see the laser
pointer everyone right here
right up it's gonna be right here so
don't touch it I'm gonna go home okay
it's right here
man we really shouldn't touch that laser
pointer yeah let's go home yeah dude
yeah I'm not gonna take that thing
[Music]
so guys what do you want to do today
since school let out early well it
doesn't feel early in the day since it's
so T say it dude say it I dare you uh
nighttime outside nice safe hey guys
look what I got um
the teacher said Don't Touch This laser
pointer well I touched it and I took it
but the teachers
yeah Cody's right the team's gonna get
mad that you touched it well I just want
to play with you for the night yeah I
guess we could play with it for a little
while but the teachers
shut up Cody we want to play with it for
a little bit what are we even gonna do
with the laser Junior
um I got an idea
I got it oh Jesus my eyes I told Jeffy
to do that why would you tell him that
because you bought laser Liza [ __ ] Lasik
eye surgery and you liked it so I
thought you might want it again well
that was a professional laser for fixing
Vision yeah so I thought we could fix
your vision by shining the laser in your
eye again no that's not how it out Jesus
my other eye okay look now you have 20
22 Visions dude you're damaging my eyes
I can't even see now oh you can see how
many fingers can I hold up I can't
really tell oh Jesus did you see me
doing that ah I felt it hey Jeffy shoot
me in the eye let me see how bad her oh
god oh Jesus okay it does hurt yeah it
does actually hurt what's going on dude
ow
hey there somebody call an optometrist
and we gotta make this quick because I
gotta go fly a plane in a few minutes
because I'm delivering a whole bunch of
donor organs to a hospital so today I am
a doctor pilot so what's going on our
friends trying to laser in our eyes and
we can't see okay well that's dangerous
but I don't really have time to diagnose
you with anything so I'm just gonna give
you all glasses with glasses yeah I'll
go get them from my bag all right
there's your glasses now I got a plane
to fly wow Cody now we all look like you
well it's your fault for shining a laser
in your eyes
me nice Cody impression dude thanks
Joe's I've been working on it you know I
was really trying to capture his voice
but I think I got it I see you've been
practicing uh-huh I'm really good at it
now where's Jeffy Jeffy
teacher
yeah I mean a kitty cat guys I'm
allergic to cats
sneeze on me you get all your germs on
me I already caught your bad eyes I
don't want to catch anything else guys
can we just get away from this cat Jeffy
can we return the laser pointer back at
school because we already hurt ourselves
with it okay you guys want to walk with
me yeah let's walk with them to school
okay guys let's walk to school and
return the laser God it's so nighttime
out here oh what's wrong with it being
night time you can't see me when it's
dark do I blend into you no no I just
think we need a flashlight I got a light
that little laser is not gonna help us
see guys look at the full moon you want
to see a full moon I'll pull down my
pants oh look at the airplane oh Jeffy
you're playing with the laser okay
are you hitting it I don't know
man what a beautiful night for flying
just look at that Moon what a big moon I
wonder if it's really made of cheese huh
oh Jesus my eye my eye again see mayday
mayday I'm going down
oh guys is that plane going down maybe
it's just Landing yeah it's just Landing
guys did we make that plane crash no
Jeffy made that plane crash by shining a
laser at the plane he probably blinded
the pilot guys there's no way this laser
blinded the pilot it couldn't even reach
that far yeah there's no way this cheap
little laser could reach that far Cody
the plane probably didn't even crash we
heard the explosion what if that was a
car crash on the interstate that
exploded yeah what if a car hit a semi
truck carrying gasoline Junior we saw
the plane going down well maybe it was a
meteor with flashing lights on it no
Junior that plane definitely crashed
well listen it didn't crash until we
have proof
what's wrong Cody the news what the news
look
[Music]
breaking news and Kate a plane has
reportedly crashed after a pilot was
blinded by a laser pointer if you have
any details on who could have done it
call 9-1-1 immediately
guys we did make the plane crash damn it
I spilled my free medium french fries I
get from McDonald's every week dude I'm
out of here you know they always blame
the dark guy no Joseph get back here
guys what are we gonna do we we don't
have to do anything jeffy's the one that
shined the laser and you're the one who
told him to do it I didn't have anything
to do with any of this
Jeffy can I see that your finger press
your fingerprints Junior why would you
do that because we're all in this
together from the top We're All in This
Together no no no High School Musical
[ __ ] guys we committed a serious
crime you should be singing We all
committed a felony yes we did that's
what you should be singing Cody now is
not the time to be singing a song but
what well listen there's some serious
stuff going on right now okay we have to
deal with that laser pointer I can hide
it up my stinky rectal hole
yummy okay so look now that we hit the
laser No One's Gonna check up jeffy's
butt so look No One's Gonna Come looking
for us because No One's Gonna know where
that laser came from they're not gonna
came from this house yeah I guess you're
right they won't know where it is let's
just sit back and eat some of your
French fries
eat Junior was at the doorbell no that
was a smoke detector
that was that was the neighbor's
doorbell
um Junior eventually you're gonna have
to answer the door okay look I'm gonna
answer it if it's the cops we're gonna
hide just keep that thing up your butt
hello hey did you just hear that
explosion that was me I was just in a
plane crash oh I have to get in the
plane crash I don't know I was just
flying and then all of a sudden a laser
came out of nowhere and hit me right in
the eye and I got all confused and I got
up and down messed up and then like I
just crashed right into the ground
luckily I parachuted out at the last
minute but I still banged my face up
pretty bad on some trees well I'm so
sorry about that it wasn't my fault of
course not how would it be your fault
hey can I come in and use your phone I
got a call just just everybody the FAA I
gotta call Sully and ask him how he got
out of it I gotta call Tom Hanks and see
if he'll make a movie out of this one I
mean I didn't land on the Hudson but I
mean that explosion was pretty cool well
yeah you can use my phone okay okay so
where's this phone junior is that the
pilot yeah he was the one that was
flying the plane that crashed junior he
can't be here I'll tell you what
happened shut up Jeffy uh sorry sir we
just realized that we don't have a phone
but you don't have a phone kid this
isn't funny I was just plane crash I
gotta call some people yeah sorry but
you got to go you gotta leave wait wait
a minute aren't you the kids from
earlier that were shining lasers in your
eyes yes but we don't have the laser
anymore yeah because you did my ass but
uh we don't know where it's at did you
kids shine a laser in my eyes while I
was trying to fly a plane no no no the
only thing we shine the laser at was our
eyes and maybe a helicopter but not your
plane so yeah no it's our teacher has a
has a laser pointer on his desk at
school and he pointed at things maybe
airplanes huh I think I need to talk to
you teacher Junior you're gonna get the
teacher better him than us all right
guys we have to go back to the school
and put the laser pointer on the desk
okay Jeffy take the laser pointer out
and put it on the desk who wants to go
spurlonking in some cheeks no I do I do
I'm a professional okay I don't want to
watch this
let's just put it on the desk come on
let's go okay guys we did it yeah I
guess we got off scot-free who's Scott
what you just said you got off a guy
named Scott for free no no no it's got
it free it's a saying what's it mean I
don't know who's Scott there is no Scott
it's just a thing people say then why
are you saying something if you don't
know what it means well I I don't know
it's just like a common saying what if I
just had random words it didn't make
sense like ants beehive bare tree that
wouldn't make sense yes and then there's
no point in saying it so shut up okay
fine so why did you call me here well
word on the street is you have a laser
pointer I do it right here rookie
mistake showing me the evidence you've
been shining that laser pointer at any
planes no I've been checking it at the
board to teach my students how fast the
speed of light is well I've even shown
him the speed of light by shining that
laser pointer at my plane no huh likely
story maybe I should just check this out
for myself oh god oh it smells like
dookie I have no idea
[Music]
I have an idea I think you shine this
laser putter at my plane and then when
the plane crashed you got scared and
tried to hide it up your butt but then
that got uncomfortable so you took it
out of your butt and you put it on your
desk no huh liar all right you're coming
with me
so guys what do you want to do for the
rest of the night well I guess I'm just
gonna go
[Music]
has been arrested as the person who
pointed the laser pointer at a plane
causing it to crash he would be going to
jail for a very long time wow Junior the
teacher's getting in trouble now because
of something we did we have to say
something something
dude this is serious we just ruined his
life okay listen Cody if we speak up we
have to go to prison you want that well
I think I could take it better than
anyone else really you know in the butt
oh listen I'm not saying anything I'm
gonna sit right here okay well I don't
want to be a part of this so I'm going
home what Jeffy can you believe him he
really wants us to go tell the truth and
tell the cop that we were the ones that
shined the laser pointer and made his
plane crash
wow I can't believe what I'm hearing
what's going on well I just came here to
give you the Triple T the truth tell the
trophy because you told the truth about
your teacher having the laser pointer
that shot down my plane but now I don't
know if I should give you this trophy it
sounds to me like you're a fibber oh no
I'm not a fiber I'm not telling the
truth like I look I promise I'm not
lying well I can't give you the trophy
until you tell me the truth okay okay
listen okay listen we did take the
teacher's laser pointer and we shot
about your plane on accident so can I
have the trophy hmm there's another very
important question and I need answered
so whoever can tell me the truth will
get the trophy now the question is if
you guys are the ones who stole the
laser pointer why did it smell like [ __ ]
because it was in my ass
oh my God
[Music]
thank you