[Music]
hey Marvin have you seen Jeffy anywhere
yeah I think he went to go drive and get
ice cream wait you let Jeffy drive to go
get ice cream yeah baby he's an adult he
can go get ice cream wow Marvin it seems
like you're in a really good mood today
because I am my package gets delivered
today package what package you know my
package my very important package you
know the one OFA kind thing that I
bought remember no well look look it
comes today and it's going to be amazing
when you see it you're going to love it
wait what time is it uh it's like 3:00
that means the mail came I'm going go
check the mailbox I'm watching tick toks
while I'm driving and I got to do a Tik
Tock
dance oh man my package is here I can't
wait to check the mail but Jeffy you
need to slow
down Jeffy Jeffy
Jeffy a you hit the mailbox Jeffy I did
yeah you hit it you're so grounded well
I didn't see it I was driving and doing
a Tik Tok dance at the same time you're
not going to be doing Tik Tok dance
drivve jimy well I didn't see the
mailbox he jumped right in front of me
no he you put up on the car you hit it
jimy well it's not my fault I don't know
how to drive you're driving you don't
how to drive you're grounded Jeffy come
on oh Jeffy you're so grounded you're
never going to go outside over again you
know you're going to move out Marvin
what happened you were in such a good
mood he puts me in a bad mood Jeffy what
did you do well first of all Dan's being
ridiculous I'm not being ridiculous tell
me what you did hey hey you're up here
I'm going to need you to bring it down
here I can yell if I want to you're
hurting my eard drum I don't care Oh
eard drum [ __ ] Marvin what happened he R
over the mailbox with his car that [ __ ]
had it coming Jeffy you didn't I was
trying to do a Tic Tac dance I was
trying to put my nuts on the steering
wheel he destroyed the mailbox into a
million pieces wait Marvin what about
your package my package I got to see if
my package is okay okay I think my
package might be okay it was laying in
the middle of the road Marvin what is
this it's a Blu-ray cop of the movie
Click this is what you were so excited
about it's signed by Adam Sandler baby I
don't see a signature it's on the cd
part okay well let me
look
uh-oh oh look it's your DVD we should
watch it Oh Daddy you see these broken D
you broken you broke it you're the one
that ran over the mailbox you're the one
that R my DVD you're the reason why it's
broke it you broke it babo b b babo oh
that's that's why you're you're moving
out go back your stuff right now grab a
suitcase grab all your stuff and get out
I never want to see your face again
really Dad yes really get out of here I
don't want to see you ever again Morphin
you can't be serious oh I'm serious look
what he did he broke this this cost me
$75 I can't believe my daddy's mad at me
and he's kicking me out of the house I
guess I'll just pack up all my
toys hey Jeffy what's going on yeah we
heard yelling my dad's mad at me because
I creamed the mailbox yeah my dad dad
got pretty mad when I creamed in the
mailbox too I don't know why he was so
mad I don't know where else I'm supposed
to do it well I ran over mine with a car
oh that's not what I did at all so your
dad's mad at you cuz you ran over your
mailbox with the car yeah Junior and I
don't understand it he's kicking me out
of the house I wish you would just
forget the whole thing wait did you say
forget well you're in luck cuz I just
happen to have this forget Ray waa a
forget Ray what is that well anybody who
shoot with it forgets everything that
happened in the last hour have you ever
used it yeah I use it on you all the
time let's just say you have a mailbox
and the flag is up well does it even
work yeah let me show
you oh hey guys you come over to play
toys no I was just showing Jeffy my
forget Ray wa a forget Ray what is that
well anybody you shoot with it forgets
everything that happened in the last
hour does it even work yeah I just used
it on you see Jeffy ran over his dad's
mailbox and I was getting kicked out but
I told him he should shoot his dad with
this so he forgets oh yeah that would be
a good idea yeah so here you go Jeffy
shoot your dad with this and he'll
forget all about the mailbox but be
careful cuz you can only shoot it seven
more times before it explodes actually
six more now cuz I just used it on
Junior no don't hey what is this and
what are you guys doing here and why is
my backpack full of my toys well Jeffy
that's a forget Ray see anybody you
shoot with it forgets everything that
happens in the last hour and you ran
over your dad's mailbox and now you're
getting kicked out of the house so I
told you you should shoot him with this
so that he forgets about the mailbox and
you can only use it five more times
before it
explodes ow
oh hey guys what's going on wait is that
my forget Ray yeah you gave him your
forget Ray because he ran over his dad's
mailbox and his dad's trying to kick him
out of the house so you told him to she
his die with that so he forgets oh yeah
that's a good idea yeah but be careful I
think it only has like seven more shots
before it
explodes oh hey guys what's going on
wait is that my forget Ray hold on have
you guys been doing stuff to my butt no
no no see Jeffy ran over his dad's
mailbox with his car and his dad's
trying to kick him out and you told him
to shoot shoot his dad with the forget
Ray so he forgets everything he just did
oh yeah yeah that's a good idea but be
careful I think it only has like seven
more shots left before it explodes all
right I want to go shoot my daddy with
it yeah go shoot your dad with it hey
Daddy Jeffy are you done packing you
better packed all your stuff and get on
the road cuz I never want to see you
ever again I'm here to finger paint and
[ __ ] and I'm all out of poop
what wait what's going on wait Jeffy
what's in your hand oh nothing it's your
toy oh Marvin are you not mad anymore
what was I mad about uh oh you were so
mad because uh your Blu-ray cracked it
it got broken during shipping oh no not
my Adam Sandler sign click mhm oh I hate
when UPS drivers just they kick your
packages and make them break they should
be more careful with packages yep oh
also our mailbox got hit by lightning
McQueen yes uh Lightning McQueen was
racing Tow Mater and uh they hit our
mailbox Tow Mater but without the toe
now we have to get a new mailbox I have
to order another click signed by Adam
Sandler I can't believe I don't remember
any of this it just must be my old age
hey Dad can I go to McDonald's and get
some food yeah get me a cheeseburger
okay thank you for this food amen honey
you really outdid yourself ordering the
Uber Eats I don't know where to begin
maybe the hamburger the Mazy stick the
chocolate cake or the chicken Alfred
dough um father may I please have a bit
of your cheeseburger Demi shut the [ __ ]
up and eat your ketchup packets and peas
and then go upstairs yes sir let's go
get your Mickey
D wait what the hell was that sound like
someone got shot outside I'm going to go
check it out hey what's going on out
here hey you hit my
mailbox hey you destroyed my mailbox get
back here go drive off that was that
darn Jeffy kid Marvin did you hear that
loud noise voice what your voice what
you said you hear that loud noise and
you talk loud Marvin you owe me an
apology right now I was trying to be a
jokester it's not I'm sorry hey Marvin
hey what are you doing here why why' you
bring a cop in my house well because
you're little Jeffy boy hit my mailbox
Jeffy hit another mailbox what I mean
are you sure wasn't Lightning McQueen
yeah yeah Lightning McQueen hit our
mailbox ah I'm afraid of cars with faces
yeah well Jeffy hit my mailbox and and
then he drove off are you sure it was
him yes I saw with my two eyeballs oh my
god when when Jeffy gets back home I'm
going to ground him well no I'm going to
arrest him when he gets back what well
yeah you can't just do that and drive
off that's a hit and run that's a crime
okay what if I buy him a new mailbox
everything will be better right no he
still committed a crime if you get
caught stealing you can't just say oh
never mind I'll pay for it you still got
to go to jail cuz you committed a crime
oh come on like I got to buy myself a
new mailbox CU lightning mcquinn hit
mine so I can just buy two mailboxes we
can just pretend this happened no no I'm
arresting him when he gets back oh my
God I think I just heard Jeffy pull up I
think he's here oh okay I'm going to
hide behind the couch and scare them I
like to sneak attack people hey Daddy
McDonald's was closed so I didn't get
anything but when did we add a speed
bump at the end of our driveway hey um I
was going to jump out and scare you and
then arrest you but I sharded wait what
yeah yeah I was crouched down behind the
couch and I thought a funny joke and
then I giggled and that made me [ __ ] I
shigg I shiggles my pants so so now I'm
going to go to the bathroom and clean
myself up and then after that Jeffy
we're going to go to court okay got
it order order yeah you like that
order I am the very honorable and very
turned on Judge pack and today we will
be hearing the case of Jeffy who's being
accused of running over Mr haku's
mailbox and then driving away Mr hako
tell us what happened well your honor I
was just eating dinner with the family
and had nowhere I heard a large bang I
thought it might have been a cop
shooting an unarmed black guy but I go
outside and it was much worse I saw
Jeffy driving away and my mailbox was
all over the ground H seems like a
pretty open and shut case Jeffy how
could you get out of this well I did it
but look at this
what I'm sorry but mine just went blank
for a moment are we in court right now
um order order order order I am the
honorable Judge puy today we will be
hearing the case of what was the case he
ran over my
[Applause]
mailbox wait why am I in car you said
Jeffy ran over your mailbox I don't
remember that oh well then I guess the
case is over everybody go
home yay it worked hey Daddy I'm back
from court with the judge say gble gy
[ __ ] Jeffy what did he really say I'm
not guilty oh thank God Jeffy you got
really lucky that you didn't go to jail
because they had a lot of evidence on
you yeah it do be like that well Jeffy
please promise me you'll drive more
careful because this time you hit a
mailbox but next time you might hit a
kid or someone's pet so before you back
up and drive really recklessly please
check your surroundings all right Daddy
I'll do that and maybe they should give
me one of those blue handicap stickers
so I can park up close at stores and
[ __ ] Jeffy listen just please drive
careful okay I don't want you hit any
more stuff with your car all right dang
I promise I won't hit our mailbox again
wait you hit our mailbox oh [ __ ] oh my
God baby you said it was Lightning
McQueen so you lied to me and you lied
to me and what is that it's my old do
hickey just look at it
[Music]