all right guys are you ready to play
nerf guns oh yeah dude i'm so ready you
guys should probably wear some eye
protection come on cody you're ugly but
not that ugly yeah we're kind of used to
you now buddy no i mean so you don't
shoot your eye out with a nerf gun we're
not gonna do that cody we're not gonna
aim for each other's eyes yeah we're not
stupid okay well i'm gonna keep my
glasses on no if we're not gonna wear
glasses you have to take yours off but
why don't you just put glasses on
because it's two people have to go find
glasses and put them on when all you do
is take yours off i'm not taking my
glasses off you're a stupid dumb idiot
whip i don't care what you call me i'm
not taking my glasses off no balls take
your glasses off okay well that's
ridiculous obviously i have balls i got
two big hairy balls somebody even say
too hairy okay there you go i took my
glasses off you are so ugly cody dude
you look like a puffer fish you look
like your name's ted and you sit outside
a school in a white van did your mom
drink while she was pregnant with you
i'll have you know my mom didn't even
know she was pregnant for the first five
months so yeah she drunk and partied a
little bit and then she stopped after
she found out after she celebrated a
little more but look can we just play
now is your phone going off yeah my mom
has a tracker on my glasses that tells
her when i take him off well why i don't
know i just have to answer this okay
guys i'm answering the phone oh shut up
i don't want my mom to know we're
playing with nerf guns hey mom cody why
did you take your glasses off i i just
took them off for a second to clean them
cody you've had your glasses off for
several seconds wait there's a timer on
the tracker yes cody now put your
glasses back on i will mom and how are
your hemorrhoids doing fine mom just
shut up hey joseph we should make
moaning noises into the phone to make
his mom think he's doing something weird
oh yeah dude let's totally do it oh cody
oh oh yeah oh
no uncle get out of my room no you can't
come in here please no i no no no no
stop it stop it no not my pants please
look i don't care how many fun toys you
give me no me no
cody what was that i i don't know but it
made me sad cody put your glasses back
on okay mom damn look guys we gotta
hurry up and play my mom's gonna call me
back oh let's play let's play oh jesus
christ
oh my god oh my god i'm son of a big
hair in my eye well junior why did you
do that what would i shoot you at right
in the eye call a doctor okay i'll call
a doctor can i use your phone yes client
use the phone
hey there somebody call a doctor jesus
could you get that camera out of my face
thank you
did somebody call a doctor yes doctor i
accidentally shot my friend in the eye
with a nerf gun jesus what did you shoot
him in both eyes but buddy how many
times do i have to tell you to back up
oh my god amateurs did you shoot him in
both eyes multiple times why are his
eyes so swollen he always looks like
that oh you poor bastard am i gonna be
okay well i think you're gonna have a
hard time finding dates but can you see
yeah i think you're going to be just
fine but you kids really should have
been using eye protection that's what i
said but then they said no balls oh yeah
i've been there i know how that goes one
time i was doing a surgery and the nurse
said no balls you won't do the surgery
blindfolded so i did and the guy died
but i mean it was a tonsillectomy so
he's pretty much gonna die anyway right
like a life without tonsils what kind of
life is that i mean don't talk to me if
you don't have tonsils right oh man i
bully people who don't have tonsils
don't let me catch you without your
tonsils i'm gonna throw a party and then
it's gonna be a tonsils only party and
there's gonna be a bouncer outside when
you walk up he's gonna say say ah and if
you don't have your tonsils you're
getting thrown out of the party tonsils
rule okay guys let's play for real this
time and do not shoot me in the eye
again how can we not dude your eyes
cover majority of your face well just
don't shoot me in the face that's too
many rules let's play oh god
[ __ ]
hey guys what are you doing oh we're
playing with nerf guns oh can i play
well we only have three so you should
ask your dad to buy you a nerf gun okay
i will
[Music]
jeffy stop talking to me like that daddy
can you buy me some nerf guns but no
jeffy i've bought you plenty of nerf
guns in the past well those are old and
i lost you on the bullets well i'm sorry
that's not my problem but daddy i need a
new nerf gun right now because all my
friends are playing nerf guns okay look
i don't have a reason to go to the store
i'm not going to store just to buy you a
nerf gun well i think you need headache
medicine why
ow jeffy why would you do that because i
want nerf guns oh okay fine now i'm
gonna go to the store buy headache
medicine and your dumb nerf gun thanks
daddy
all right jeffy there's your dumb nerf
gun now leave me alone what the hell is
that daddy it's the nerf gun you wanted
me to go to the store to get you that's
not a nerf gun that just zuru x shot
what even is that it was cheaper and
they're all the same jeffy they're not
the same guy i need to have the nerf gun
the official nerf gun no jeffy look this
one's called a zuru x shot doesn't that
sound a lot cooler like x shot that's
something oh i'm gonna get made fun of
for having this daddy no look at the kid
on the box he looks like he's gonna grow
up and be a cool kid and look it look
like the bullets are black and it looked
a gun it has a skull on it oh that's
that's pretty badass if you ask me and
and
your friends they're gonna say you're
one cool bean one cool bean yep that's
that's what they're gonna call you so
look go play with it all right daddy
they better say i'm one cool bean that's
exactly what they're gonna say that's
what all the kids are saying all right
guys the bean is here the bean yeah i
like flicking the bean and eating vagine
all right whoa jeffy what kind of gun is
that it's a zuru x-shot wait it's not a
nerf gun no my daddy couldn't afford a
nerf gun because he hates me so he
bought me this piece of [ __ ] oh dude it
looks so cool and green can we trade
sure
yeah be careful she's loaded oh dude
this is awesome i wonder how fast this
shoe is
that sound brings back good memories
what jeffy are you okay he's sure you're
falling down my throat okay guys i don't
think we should play nerf guns anymore
it's too dangerous let's all just get
into bed and cuddle actually you still
might get something shot in your eye
what jeffy you should go tell your dad
that you swallowed a nerf bullet okay
junior
um
daddy jeffy what do you want um don't
get mad but i was playing nerf guns with
my friends spit it out and
and joseph accidentally shot me in the
mouth with a nerf gun and i swallowed
the bullet but you swallowed a nerf
bullet jeffy i actually did well now we
have to call a doctor why do you think
i'm going to die well no i just don't
want the nerf bullet to like turn
sideways and clog your intestines and
you get constipated to death or i i'm
going to call the doctor hey there
somebody call a doctor yes doctor so my
son's swollen hold on back back up back
back up okay that's it that's it
come on you need to get your [ __ ]
together man you don't know what you're
doing i'm just trying to do my job well
do it better okay pick up that camera
pick it up pick it okay okay back up you
see right there right there you don't
get any closer than that okay okay
jesus i'm sorry man that guy's been
pissing me off all day so so what do you
need uh so my son he swallowed a nerf
bullet no that's fine that happens wait
so like you don't have to do surgery to
get it out or anything oh no he should
poop it out in a couple days as long as
it was just a normal nerf bullet well
that's all it was no daddy tell him what
you did tell him how poor you are okay
it wasn't a nerf bullet it was an
off-brand like zuru x-shot bullet what
it was off-brand yeah i mean it wasn't a
nerf bullet but they're all the same
thing right no no no no this is very bad
hold on okay answer this very carefully
did the nerf bullet look like this
because this is a normal nerf bullet or
did it look like this
um can i see the other one again okay
was it this a normal nerf bullet or was
it this there was that one oh no that's
bad that's very very bad why is this one
bad because it's black
why is it being black bad but is it not
the black is beautiful it's my favorite
color actually but but no this one's
black because it has lead in it see it's
made in a cheap chinese factory where
they make the off-brand nerf bullets so
it has lead in it so he's gonna get lead
poisoning if he eats it oh he swallowed
one that's not good we needed him to
throw that up because if it hits his
digestive system the lead's gonna get
into his bloodstream then it's gonna get
into his heart then he's gonna have lead
heart and he's gonna die oh no you're
jeffy w you have to throw up right now
you have to throw up or you're gonna die
just please jeffy just try to throw it
for me just please just just throw up i
don't know how to throw up daddy only
just open your mouth and make noises
like look
ah
jeffy try harder try to throw harder
oh he doesn't know how to throw up can
you help him okay i i have a trick that
models you sometimes just stick your
finger down your throat to try to make
yourself throw up you want me to choke
on your fingers daddy okay that's gross
like i don't really want to do it now
just
just tell him how to do it just just try
to throw up throw up yeah the thin is
beautiful a little piggy yeah that's it
throw it up throw up all that nasty food
and get thin
it's not working it works when models do
it okay i have an idea hold on okay this
will definitely make jeffy throw up it's
just an empty jar ah it may look empty
but there's something in there what my
fart my big loud stinky fart what are
you five no look i grabbed an empty jar
i sat on it i blew ass in there and i
slapped the lid on real quick before it
could escape hey there little fart i got
you little rascal you might fart
there's no way this is gonna work it's
gonna work i did it all the time in
college look all jeffy has to do is take
the lid off and then sniff my fart
really hard it'll make him throw up all
right jeffy take the lid off and smell
his fart
why are you drinking my fart it smells
good smells like beef and cheese oh okay
now i feel like i'm going to throw up oh
hey look your stupid fart thing didn't
work
let go of the fart stop drinking the
[ __ ] no okay okay i have another idea
that'll definitely make him throw up
jeffy stop smelling that
boom got him burger king that'll make
him throw up burger king yep it's
disgusting i mean i used to love it as a
kid but now as an adult i get food
poisoning every time well i like burger
king hence the crown my liege wait jeffy
you like burger king yeah
that's not gonna make him throw up man
we gotta think of something come on
doctor the lead poison he's gonna kill
him but we'll make him throw up hold on
he's just gonna dig in my ass and think
for a second wait what you're digging in
your butt it helps me think oh i have an
idea jeffy smell this
yummy
hear your smell mine no i'm good does it
really smell good
no it's not good marvin you want to whip
everyone stop smelling their butts
listen we got to find a way to make
jeffy throw up because if he gets if he
doesn't lead poison it's going to be my
fault listen because i bought him a
stupid toy oh we gotta think we gotta
think we gotta think well i mean you're
his dad so what usually makes him throw
up um green beans you hate green bees
right jeffy yeah okay we gotta get green
beans well do you have any green beans
no and we didn't think of the ending
before we started filming and it's
midnight so nothing's open we can't buy
any green beans right now
well i i mean i have this i don't know
if it helps a printed out picture of
green made you just have this yeah just
keep it on me in case of emergencies
jeffy look at the picture
i hate green beans
i think it's working
i think he's gonna throw it
hey he threw it up yeah he threw it up
we did it
tonight no lead poisoning do not know
that poisoning tonight we on a diet all
right jeffy shut up all right so we
threw it up right jeffy so you learned
not to eat nerf bullets right yeah but
you got to stop buying all the poor
brands yeah i mean he can eat nerf
bullets just not those hey don't don't
really eat nerf bullets
hey back it up back it up i'm trying to
tell them don't eat no don't eat nerf
bullets yeah don't eat them this is a
joke but anyway jeffy okay fine i won't
buy you the off-brand anymore i'll
actually buy you nerf brand from now on
hey uh hey guys do you guys have your
tonsils i have mine well i got mine
removed when i was 13.
loser tonsilless loser what a loser all
right i'm gonna take off
hello is cody here uh cody your mom's
here uh hey mom cody why are your
glasses off oh no i forgot to put him
back on cody that's it your little
tushy's grounded come on you little
bug-eyed freak we're going home
[Music]