so guys what do you want to do today oh
dude i found this tattoo gun in my
neighbor's trash can who wants to get a
tattoo oh maybe me i want a tattoo no
junior that tattoo gun looks dirty it
probably has a bunch of diseases on it
fine cody joseph can you please get a
napkin and wipe off the tip i guess so
dude that's what i said to her
i wiped it off are you happy yeah you
happy now cody guys why don't we just
draw tattoos on ourselves with a marker
that's dumb it's not a tattoo it's not
permanent yeah it's not real dude we
could use a permanent marker no we gotta
use a tattoo gun it has to be a real
tattoo cody yeah feel the pain
okay i guess i'll get a tattoo but you
will oh okay what kind of tattoo you get
cody uh i want a tattoo above my butt
that says entrance only wait how you
gonna take a dump
who needs to do that okay take your
shirt off okay yeah stop moving dude
you're gonna make me mess up
all right i think i'm done how's it look
guys okay that looks really cool yeah it
looks pretty sick if i do say so myself
okay i'll take your word for it because
i can't see it oh you should get a
tattoo on your chest what and cover up
these six-pack abs yes i mean it would
look really good well okay yeah i think
i want straight out of the closet on my
chest oh and then i want a heart on my
bicep with ken's name in it so that
every time i flex it looks like the
heart's beating okay that'd be really
awesome all right coming right up dude
and done straight out of the closet yeah
i am man cody your tattoos are so cool
and i love the one with ken's name in
the heart yeah he's gonna like that you
guys think i should get a tattoo on my
leg oh yeah you should definitely get a
tattoo on your leg which one i have
three we should probably give junior a
tattoo before i run out of ink oh yeah
it's my turn to get a tattoo it's my
turn what kind of tattoo do you want
junior um i don't know oh guys i hate
the cleveland browns i think that
football team sucks so i'll get i hate
the browns on my face wait what did you
say no junior you shouldn't do that
what's wrong with saying i hate the
browns i think that football team sucks
their mascot is a pitbull and their logo
is just a helmet how lazy is that i get
the helmet thing but maybe you should
say cleveland browns it's so we can know
what you're talking about junior wait
put i hate cleveland browns on my face
yes exactly that's gonna take a lot of
space i think if i put i hate the browns
people know what i'm talking about no
junior they won't what if i what if i
hate the white sox and i put i hate
whites all over my face huh you have to
put socks on no i don't no i don't oh
okay okay guys i think the brown sucks
so if i put the brown suck on my face no
no jun you shouldn't do that i think the
browns were smelly so i put the brown or
smelly on my face what if i put the
whites of privilege on my face huh huh
guys i think we should just get away
from the browns tattoo yeah yeah we
should okay i'll think of a different
tattoo hmm oh guys i want a tattoo that
when girls see it they want to come talk
to me oh so what if i get come here on
my face and then they'll say ooh he
wants me to come here so they walk over
and they talk to me okay that's better
junior i think that sounds like a tattoo
i should get wait are you trying to
steal all the tattoos cody no i just
don't think that tattoo is gonna get the
kind of response you think all right um
i want like a rapper tattoo like a
really cool tattoo yeah ooh like ooh
like baller's life on my face oh i like
that yeah yeah like i'm a big baller so
i put baller's life on my face and then
and put two teardrops oh yeah yeah
and done dude balls are life what'd you
say balls are life dude that's what you
wanted on your face i want a baller's
life like i'm a big baller b-a-l-l-e-r-z
what'd you put balls are life why would
you put balls or life on my face why
would i want that but basketball dude
that's ball is life not balls our life
this is a dumb tattoo i'm sorry dude did
you do the teardrop yeah yeah they're on
there dude okay they look like balls
what no they don't dude cody thinks
everything looks like balls so you okay
cody what does it look like tear drops
or balls it looks like a ball sack you
put a ball stack on my face no i did it
dude oh you don't let me do a tattoo for
you i wanna do your next tattoo are you
sure it's gonna show up on my brown skin
or is it too smelly for you huh guys can
we not hey guys what are you doing oh
hey jeffy why are you a ball socker on
your face junior it is a ball section no
it's not uh jeffy we're getting tattoos
oh sweet i want a tattoo oh what kind of
tattoo do you want i want daddy shucks
right here on my arm because my daddy
won't take me to chuck e cheese today
you sure you don't want the brown suck
on your arms joseph look i think i
should do the tattoo because you might
end up make it look like a ball sack no
i won't dude look jeffy just come here
dude
and done see junior no balls you spelled
sucks wrong that's the cool way to spell
it
dinner's wrong don't much me my daddy
tell me dinner's ready if he feeds me
green beans tonight i'm gonna say read
the tattoo
jeffy get in here oh i'm coming daddy
jeffy stop that eat your green beans
daddy you know i hate it when you feed
me green beans so that's why i got this
tattoo you got a tattoo jeffy jimmy
that's permanent it's never gonna come
off well then you'll know you shove
forever then daddy oh my god jeffy you
are so crowded for getting that tattoo
marvin we need to call the doctor and
see if he can get it removed well i
don't want it removed but what i do want
removed is this big hump on my back
jeffy eat your green beans we're gonna
find out what punishment you're gonna
get huh
i parked in the handicapped spot even
though i'm not handicapped cause i don't
wanna walk far god forgive me in my bad
knees hey lady give me your car keys uh
okay i think i left him in the car
that'll be easy for you just take him
okay uh and don't follow me can you at
least pick me up when i'm done shopping
no
oh how evil
hey ma'am did you call the cops yes some
man just stole my car okay ma'am just
calm down what did he look like uh he
was very scary okay uh did he have any
recognizable features like any tattoos
oh yes he had a tattoo on his left arm
that said daddy sucks spelled s-u-x i
thought it was very disrespectful to his
father okay ma'am i'm gonna look for
that guy right away
all right jeffy you're gonna get rid of
that tattoo i'll get rid of this tattoo
when you get rid of that turd on your
top lip it's a mustache jeffy oh yeah
what you're calling it marvin we need to
call a doctor to see if he can remove
jeffy's tattoo oh and also tell him i
look like the hunchback of notre dame
look i'm gonna call a doctor to get a
remove your stupid tattoo hey there
somebody call a doctor sorry i took so
long i had to change out of my cop
outfit into my doctor outfit it's fine
you didn't take too long all right so
what's going on well my son got a tattoo
and i want you to remove it oh i've been
there i've had plenty of bad tattoos in
my life like i got my ex-wife's name i
got my other ex-wife's name and i get my
soon-to-be ex-wife's name you have a lot
of ex-wives yeah they know how to get me
they just don't know how to keep me oh
and then this one time i had a birthmark
that looked like a seahorse so i got it
traced in a tattoo and then it turns out
it wasn't a birthmark it was a rash and
it went away so now i just have a really
badly drawn seahorse on my butt cheek
i'm sorry to hear that yeah all right so
look the tattoo my son got is he got
daddy sucks on his left arm
[Music]
are you okay your son's under arrest
what except your son's under arrest what
hold on let me get my cop outfit on
what's going on all right i'm back and
your son's under arrest for what for
stealing a car it's still a car oh yeah
well i got a call before i came over
here from some lady that said somebody
stole her car and she said that guy had
a tattoo in his left arm that said daddy
sucks well but jeffy didn't steal the
car though when would he have had time
to do that yeah jeffy's been with us the
whole time he never stole a car well of
course you're gonna say that you're his
parents you're gonna cover for him i get
it but what if there's a guy with the
same exact tattoo as jeffy oh come on
what are the odds there's two guys with
the same daddy sucks tattoo that's a
possibility and you know how i know he's
guilty because you called me over here
to have the tattoo removed that means
you were trying to get rid of the
evidence and you didn't think i'd notice
but i did because i'm smart and you're
dumb no no we want the tattoo removed
because the dumb tattoo we weren't
trying to hide any evidence because
there is no evidence because he didn't
steal a car because if he did steal the
car where's the car at then i don't know
you probably parked it in the woods and
then lit it on fire i don't know how you
dumb criminals think because you're dumb
did i mention how dumb you are you're so
dumb we didn't steal a card you don't
have any evidence to arrest him well
that tattoo is evidence enough for me
come on jeffy we're going downtown no do
you get him looks like we need to call a
lawyer we're gonna get a lawyer jeffy
we're gonna get the best lawyer we can
get
thanks for being my son's lawyer goodman
oh don't mention it but i do charge 800
a minute 800 a minute we'll start
talking okay
talk faster well i was reviewing your
son's case and he screwed screwed why
because the tattoo matches and that
means he's guilty he's not guilty other
people have that tattoo and they haven't
found the stolen card well i was
comparing your son's case to a previous
case where the cops arrested this kid
named jimmy because he cracked corn and
they didn't care so that's where the
song came from jimmy cracked corn and i
don't care well anyway jimmy got the
electric chair and then his parents
cared so then they renamed the song
jimmy got the electric chair in his
parents care what does that do with my
son's case oh it doesn't but there was
also this other case where there once
was this farmer who had a dog and the
dog's name was bingo well anyway the
farmer got murdered and then they found
blood on the dog and so then they used
the dog as evidence and bingo was his
nemo so so what you're trying to say
well what i'm trying to say is if you
can find the stolen car and the guy with
the tattoo that's your bingo okay so if
i find a stolen car and the guy with a
tattoo then my son gets set free right
bingo okay i'm gonna go find it
marvin what did the lawyer say he said
if we can find the stolen car and the
guy with the tattoo that let jeffy go i
could have told you that so baby all we
have to do is find the stolen car if the
police can't find the car how can we
well we can just go to walmart and look
in the parking lot and see if there's
any cars with the same
that looks the same i don't know what
i'm doing baby i'm not a bounty hunter
oh baby i got an idea why don't we go
pick up a homeless guy give the homeless
guy the same tattoo jeffy has and say
the homeless guy stole the car that's
terrible we can't do that sure we can
look the homeless guy will get three
meals a day a bed to sleep in and a
shower in jail if the homeless guy
wanted all that i'm sure he would commit
a crime and go to jail himself well
maybe he hasn't thought of this baby
look we're doing a good thing here
marvin that's terrible no we can't do
that baby please come on we'll get jeffy
out of jail and the homeless guy gets a
new place to live no i don't want to be
a part of this
well i'm going to do it anyway to help
jeffy
hey
hey
hey
i don't want to go to school hey hey hey
there buddy it's a nice box you got
there my box uh yeah your box um i
noticed you're not wearing a shirt how
would you like to wear a nice bright
orange shirt oh cool yeah and bright
orange pants to match oh these pants are
poopy okay well you come to my house i
got rice krispie treats oh snap crackle
bop yes not snap crackle pops come come
to my house
all right buddy there's your rice
krispie treat
yummy
yeah it's real good so so while you eat
that i need to draw something on your
hand with this gun beer what beer well
i'll get you a beer after i do this
tattoo thing
be a forest
okay i'll get your beer
all right there's your beer cheers bald
man cheers okay so while you drink that
i'm gonna give you a tattoo on your hand
marvin what are you doing i'm doing my
plan no i told you no he's okay with it
did you ask him
can i give you a tattoo on your hand
aliens at my brain don't eat the yogurt
it's alien ectoplasm see he knows what
he's talking about that was not a yes
maybe he's okay with it no i'm gonna do
what's right come on let's go outside
oh i like it here no come on let's go
outside you stink
i don't like this lady this lady is me
mean lady yeah exactly mean lady does he
know what you're trying to do oh bald
man's nice bald man give me beer and
rice krispies no bald man's trying to
put you in jail oh bald man wouldn't do
that would you bald man give me a hug
look he's fine see he's happy
he likes his beer and his rice krispies
and he's gonna be okay with this
tattoo no
hold still now all right it's done i
can't read it says daddy sucks and
clearly you think that because i mean
your dad wasn't there for you look at
your situation oh bad daddy yep bad
daddy now i'm gonna call the cops you
are the worst person i ever met marvin
i'm doing this for jeffy i'm being nice
look are you ready for some bright
orange clothes
and a bed
and three meals a day yummy and maybe tv
oh fancy yeah awesome so i'm gonna go
call the the the cops hello hey there
you call the cops yes i found the real
guy who stole the car and has the same
tattoo as the guy that you think he did
it but really yeah he's upstairs all
right there he is officer there he is
and there's his tattoo nah it's not him
what do you mean it's not him well sucks
is spelled right what do you mean sucks
is spelled right well and the tattoo i'm
looking for sucks is spelled with an x
oh damn it ha ha sorry for wasting your
time sir oh bald man gives me beer and
rice krispies oh really well bald man
never gives me beer and rice krispies
when i come over what a good friend
bald man can i have another beer no
leave oh but what about the clothes and
the tv yeah marvin what about the
clothes in the tv
and the three meals a day oh the three
meals a day marvin yeah you can't forget
about that well go commit a crime and
you'll get those things
oh who's that i got it no i got it no
allow me hello freeze is a burglary oh
officer
what was that screaming give me all your
jewelry
whatever you want eat your rice
christmas trees
we're here today to thank this homeless
man who's oh oh god your breath stinks
could you back up a little bit thank you
uh we're here today to thank this
homeless man who helped catch mr mina
the criminal who stole a car and also
shot me and his pants are falling down
on live tv this is very embarrassing for
him
can we get a sensor bar there
i'm just going to keep going we're
rewarding him this key to the city which
will allow him to sleep anywhere he
wants on the street in the city here you
go
what all right okay see baby something
good happened to the homeless guy after
all not because of you well actually it
is because of me because if i would have
got him off the streets into our house
he wouldn't save the day you always have
to make it about you don't you well the
most important thing is we have jeffy
back home well daddy we never got this
hump looked at my hump my hump my hump
my hump my huge back hump
[Music]