okay guys you ready to play Greedy
granny yeah dude it's been forever since
the last time we had a game night and
tonight's the perfect night for it
because it's raining outside how do you
even play this game will you spin the
spinner here whatever number it lands on
that's how many times you press this
button and you try to steal a treat from
granny but if she wakes up and spits her
teeth out you lose she looks dead oh
trust me she's not dead she's winning
greedy granny all right Cody you go
first okay
um looks like I have to press it once
okay your turn Junior okay how many
times do I gotta press it uh one time
can you press it for me okay
okay get your treat can you grab it for
me why do I have to do everything
because you're right there okay you're
turning Joseph all right my time's done
two times uh keep pressing for me dude
okay
I have a delayed reaction Jeffy well I'm
missing a chromosome so it takes my
brain and shaking to process the signal
Marvin did you just hear Jiffy scream I
think so well what if he's hurt go check
on him Jeffy stop screaming you goober
check on him he's fine or Cody you lost
yeah yeah you lost Cody how did I lose
because you pressed the button for
Joseph but it was Joseph's turn but it
was your finger that made her wake up
yeah it was the pressure of your finger
dude yeah if Joseph were pressed it it
wouldn't have went off but since you
press it so hard you wanted Joseph to
lose well it was going to go off no
matter who pressed it you have a problem
with Joseph you pressed it hard so she
would wake up this is stupid I don't
want to play this game anymore why
because you cheated to make Joseph lose
cheater you guys are cheating oh no all
right listen we'll just play a different
game but Cody no more cheating cheating
come on get it together
put this on at the door oh you'll get up
to go check the door but not on Jeffy
hello hey buddy we're here for the
surprise
don't worry about that Karen you know
what you just stay right here while I
finish getting your surprise ready
what's going on shut up let me come
inside Karen you stay here so what's
going on oh I screwed up really bad man
today's my wife's birthday but I totally
forgot but I told her that I didn't
forget and that I had a big surprise
plan for her so what's the surprise well
see that's the thing I don't really have
a big surprise they lied you lied yeah
so I thought we could just set up a
birthday party here and I could tell it
was a big surprise party that I planned
a long time ago you want us to lie yes
exactly a big convincing lie yeah but we
don't have the stuff for a party here
well exactly and that's why I brought
two for sixty dollars for your wife to
go buy party supplies while we distract
my wife
[ __ ] please just help me out here it's
not that hard okay look it's not even a
lie if we really do it well what kind of
party supply you know like balloons and
cupcakes party [ __ ] I don't know go okay
just hey Jesus how do you even deal with
her how do we distract your wife I don't
know do you have anything fun well the
kids are playing board games downstairs
yes that's perfect okay just ground all
of them and we'll take their board games
and play them with my wife his board
games enough to distract your wife oh
yeah absolutely my wife is an absolute
dunce okay a complete nincompoop okay so
I'll go get the board games and you go
get your wife yes I will go do that what
are we supposed to do Cody I think
you're supposed to bend over in front of
it let it floss your butt crack I'll
pass what are you kids doing
well Jeffy you're grounded for screaming
earlier I always
oyster well it hurt my ear so grounded
at least we can keep playing no all you
What's your deal dog well we're having
an adult party downstairs and there's no
kids allowed well I want to go to the
adult party I'm 18. no it's my house so
y'all listen to my rules Jeffy so all
the kids upstairs gee now okay hey Karen
outside my hair's gonna get all frizzy
well it's gonna be worth it when you see
a surprise come on hey you ready yeah I
got a bunch of board games oh that's
perfect hey I grabbed a beer at your
fridge I hope you don't mind bunny where
are we oh you can take your blindfold
off now Karen
surprise
you forgot no no I would never forget
your birthday but look we're gonna play
board games before your party
pick one uh
this one stir the pot no it says it
roast your friends for you yeah it's a
great game super fun oh you playing
oh but we totally should yeah
well you draw a card and whoever the
card describes the best gets to keep the
card
I wanna go fast who is most likely to
talk through the whole movie that be you
Karen
y yeah you do take the card let's see
what I got let's see who has the
shortest attention span that's another
card for you Karen that's not true oh my
God I love this wall color it's so
orange yeah I'm just gonna give you this
card all right my turn all right who
comes the least prepared that's you
because you forgot her birthday shut the
[ __ ] up
sounds like you again Karen Boyne that's
not very nice yeah well it's true you
need to be quieter all right let's see
who has the most annoying voice another
card for you Karen well you're good at
this game
I don't like Game Boy
oh I love this game all right it's my
turn again all right let's see who never
shuts the [ __ ] up wow Karen another card
for you you should go pro okay
again I don't
I'm most likely to get offended by a
joke well that one's for you pointy I
don't get offended I don't get offended
anything I love jokes I laugh at jokes
all the time I don't know what you're
talking about well I'm gonna go again
let's see who is most likely to get
checked into anger management oh that's
another one for you pointy I don't have
any problems here and I just need to be
away from you okay let's see what we got
who's
[Applause]
fighting oh you're never going anywhere
near that damn thing I want to see them
no I'm gonna draw a card now let's see
who is most likely to start an argument
for no reason well that sounds like you
care because you're starting [ __ ]
hold on hold on I got a card I got a
card how about how about this um who
would [ __ ] out their Grandma for not
giving them enough birthday money oh
yeah that'd be me yeah gam game only
gave me five dollars for my 37th
birthday she knew I needed rent money
she's loaded she can afford it but gam
gam is a stingy [ __ ] I hope you [ __ ]
die damn game
you know what I don't want to play this
game anymore it's making me pissed off
about game Game Boy maybe you should
stop drinking actually I was just
thinking I need another one
I'll get a different game ah stupid
camera starting [ __ ] hey you yelled at
your wife on her birthday yeah she
started it well what are you doing I'm
getting more beer it's the only way I'm
gonna get through the rest of this party
well just try to calm down you're being
kind of crazy yeah well that's up to her
okay I'm back oh boy
everyone good joke Karen you should be a
comedian no these are all for me well I
went ahead and
pick it's called spin The Damp and you
spin the arrow whoever lands on picks up
a card and they have to do the dance
okay cool well I'm gonna spin to go
first well it doesn't matter who spins
first Karen it doesn't matter who spends
as long as it's whoever it lands on
buinny it's my birthday I'm spitting
first
oh boy he had landed on you you get to
draw Cod and do the dance okay let's see
here uh let another player go through
your camera roll for two minutes that's
not happening
you're not going through my phone Karen
what do you have to
do well how about this how about we can
all Skip One dare but only one I'll
remember that boy knee okay so I have to
do this dare let's see invite the last
person you called who isn't already here
to come join in on the fun oh hell no
who was the last person you called it
was Jonathan but I only called him to
tell him to stop calling me invite your
brother over call him that's not
happening then let me go through your
phone I guess I'm calling Jonathan okay
it's ringing hey Brooklyn guy you won't
block my number no this is for a dare
that's the only reason I called you I
knew you didn't
you oh I do but we're playing this game
and it dared me to call you and invite
you to Karen's birthday party
Karen's birthday party
oh that's him hello
is that my fireman outfit stop it stop
stop stripping I said stop it oh oh why
judging Karen want a sexy stripper for
her birthday yeah maybe if it was a sexy
one look just go home change into a
normal outfit wash my fireman outfit
because I'm assuming you're not wearing
underwear nope okay yeah wash that and
then come back and I'll let you in
okay okay he's here so I win the deer yo
where's your birthday girl
[Applause]
all right Karen I don't know Boyne so
have you gotten your birthday spankings
yet because I'm gonna give you 18
because there's no way you're gonna do
for
ever
because I'm young yeah wait I need to
miss your part where Karen gets in her
birthday suit did I okay Jonathan just
calm down and let's play this game okay
it's called spin the Dare okay so you
just draw a card and you do the Dare
that's on the card and it's your turn
but Bonnie you gotta spin it yeah we're
not doing that anymore it's Jonathan's
turn now pick a card Jonathan oh okay
one
space review
Marion Marion hill using people group
with
will you guys thanks and then I would
marry kid
and then I would F carry over and over
and over and over and over okay Jonathan
Jonathan Jonathan okay stop stop okay we
can all skip Adair and you're skipping
that dare okay pick a different dare oh
okay
oh yes you're in seriously take a selfie
kissing the person to your left on the
lips and pushing on social media pucker
up baby okay okay I don't want to play
this game anymore we're still we're
gonna stop playing no that's not fair
you can't do
it
we're not doing that Jonathan let's play
Twister instead oh hell yeah twister can
do no twister the game oh yeah it's
gonna be a game okay let's start the
game
so what are the rules for twister well
you spin this spinner and then whatever
body part and color it lands on you put
that body part on that color but Boyne
we don't have feet so what happens if it
spins on left foot or right foot oh I
know I'm gonna fix your board we'll be
right back
all right so I fix your board so now it
says Karen's butt or Karen's boobs we're
not playing this go ahead and speak
Tyrion oh okay
but but but but but but but green
Rose says the party's ready oh thank God
I care and it's time to put your
blindfold back on oh great a hip looking
guy that way she doesn't see where she's
sitting no no it's for the party come on
Karen okay the
this party actually doesn't look too bad
I did a good job Barney I can't see
where I'm going ooh I'll help you just
back up over here oh Jonathan stop
spanking my wife what you need your
birthday speakings anyway 17 more Karen
you can take the blindfold off oh okay
oh stop it Jonathan 16 more
Bonnie you set this up just for me uh
yeah yeah I sure did I said all this up
months ago cupcakes are stale as [ __ ]
boy
Neil setting up a surprise birthday
party
yep that all of the things you just said
all of that is right yeah yeah so we
should light these candles oh Karen I
bet if you just touch the candles
they'll shut them on fire because you're
hot oh damn it Jonathan stop spanking
her I'm gonna go get the lighter okay
let the candles let's sing a happy
birthday happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
Karen
Happy Birthday
is beautiful no give me a piece of cake
I wish Bonnie would give me a big kiss
this really weird you said John came
wrong
Yeah Boy give me smooches
oh you taste like beer boy name I know I
I'm blue boy do you think
[Applause]
yes I love you too Karen
wow
[Music]