what what room is this I think these are
our beds we get beds I love this place
you sound like Slinky Dog from Toy Story
Marvin I don't want to be here anymore I
don't want to be here either dying over
money is not worth it what are you
talking about I need money yeah I need
that 400 billion look I slave in the
kitchen every day you don't know how
that feels Marvin I need money for blow
yeah I also have a lot of debt who do we
speak to to get out of here hello oh hi
there welcome to the squid games why is
it called that well if you made it to
the last round you'll know oh okay so do
we get our 400 billion now or what I
will now announce the winnings of the
first games look up made you
look got us all right now for real
though look over there I don't see
anything got your [ __ ] ass
again okay okay now for real though it's
on your shirt what my shirt boops oh he
got how' you fall for that these guys
aren't so bad seriously though piggy
bank as [ __ ] look up
[Music]
the total winnings from the first game
are uh they uh I can't see this [ __ ]
thing what say 7.6 billion 7.6 billion
well o I want to take that in cash and
go home please that's fine with me
that's a good day pay right there I can
buy a lot of blow with that yep we'd all
like to leave and take the money if you
leave now the total winnings will be
divided to the eliminated players
families [ __ ] that hell no I need that
money right now no dead people need some
money well I would actually like to take
that cuz my husband died and I could at
least get half that all right guys
listen we're not going to stay here and
get killed over money I think we should
all leave would you like to take a vote
Yes I think we should take a vote
whoever wants to leave and live say
yippe yipp yipp wait you too yeah I want
to go home and tell us [ __ ] in this
thing oh well anybody who doesn't want
to leave say not yippy not yipp not
yippy not yippy not yipp [ __ ] oh God
damn it well what if I refuse to play
then you will be eliminated but you
won't kill me I I just get to leave I
think he's saying he's going to shoot
you Marvin okay fine I'll play these
stupid dumb games dinner will be served
shortly dinner and a bed I never want to
leave I can't believe you guys voted to
stay we're all going to die dinner time
Eggman Jim Carrey wait eggs that's what
we get for dinner yes hardboiled so you
have a budget of $400 billion and the
best you can do is an egg look man I
just do what I'm told [ __ ] give me one
of them hoes I'm starving yeah I want an
egg no no no hold on guys I I can't
survive the whole night on just an egg
how about I eat as many as I can until
I'm full and you guys can have the rest
Over My Dead [ __ ] body you just heard
me say I was starving Brookie you being
selfish give me an egg yeah give us an
egg oh yeah what are you guys going to
do stick your hands up my ass I Dare You
[ __ ] we
want guys please stop fighting you're
scoring me who the [ __ ] is this I am a p
number one I've been here the whole time
no you haven't yes I have so you were
here during Red Light Green Light yes
how many players were shot the first
round uh oh I don't know I old man I
can't remember can we just agree we've
never seen this guy before yeah we've
never seen you before we don't know who
you are shut up look when is the next
game we want to play tomorrow I mean uh
I don't know Ser old man the next games
are tomorrow what we don't want to wait
till tomorrow just sit here we want to
hurry up and just get out of here so can
we play the next game now you guys would
like to play the next game now yeah yeah
I mean get done but what about the eggs
I'll take those no no no we we'll eat
them later let's go play the games now
but I worked so hard on them I don't
care let's go play the next game he
worked really hard on them I think I
should get the no we want to play the
next game now take us okay follow me
everybody form a single file line what
is this kindergarten Marvin it's just
like kindergarten except you die stop it
so what do you think this game is Marvin
I see cookies I bet you have to eat the
cookies as fast as you can and you can't
leave any crumbs so you got to pick them
out of your teeth with the toothpick you
think so yeah then what are the shapes
about oh I don't know hey does anybody
know what this game's
about ao's triangle cuz it looks like
the tip of my pee pee what you're
supposed to do is is cut the shape out
of the cookie without breaking the shape
if you break the shape you'll get a
remedy I've played these games before
you definitely don't want triangle it's
super hard so everyone should totally
pick Leaf oh pick a leaf Marvin but
there's not that many leaves well that
means we're definitely going to win okay
once you pick your cookie go find a
place to sit down by yourself wow this
really is like kindergarten well luckily
I like to eat my cookie he's in peace
okay I'm going to pick I don't trust
Jeffy I I'm going to pick triangle oh he
must be upset that he knows his dad's
going to die well I'm definitely picking
Leaf now okay time
me what the [ __ ] are you doing I I
thought I was supposed to eat the cookie
as fast as I could you idiot okay well
you can't shoot me cuz you didn't tell
me the rules fine here take this one
okay okay fine and don't eat it I won't
eat it jeez all right next one triangle
please so Marvin what do you think you
do with a cookie and a toothpick other
than eat it do you think they're going
to let the Cookie Monster into the room
we have to protect the cookie with the
toothpick wrong but Jeffy why'd you pick
a triangle you said to pick Leaf well I
just have a big heart and I was trying
to help I will now explain the rules of
the game the game is called Cookie Time
cookie time yes in front of you you have
a cookie and a shape that you chose
you're going to take the toothpick and
break out the shape without breaking the
shape wait so I'm supposed to break the
shape but I'm not supposed to break the
shape yes you're supposed to break the
shape but not the cookie but the whole
thing's a [ __ ] cookie yeah what's the
cookie made out of does it [ __ ]
matter yeah I'm glutenfree why I didn't
make the cookies Circle man made the
cookies I'm Square man well my cookies
are down Circle do I even have to do
this [ __ ] yes you have to break the
circle out of the circle that's so
[ __ ] confusing I know I want my egg
[ __ ] your egg I didn't bring the egg
you'll get an egg after you win okay can
Circle man explain the rules I think he
do a better job Circle man's making more
cookies for the next group Next group
how much money do you guys have I'm
starting the [ __ ]
timer I don't get it so we're supposed
to chisel the shape out of the cookie I
don't know man he sucks at explaining
instructions they should have just
gotten Circle man or a PowerPoint
presentation or something like I don't
know what their hiring processes but
basic vocabulary should be the
minimum you're not supposed to eat it
I'm not eating it Danny I'm licking it
like a girl's dirty pooper well you die
you die Marvin this is fun it's like
tracing excuse me I broke mine can I get
another one holy [ __ ] okay I think I
understand the rules now you have to
break the shape out of the cookie
without breaking the shape why didn't
you just explain it that's so awesome
yeah see see how the easy that was you
know what I want to apply for the
position of square man hey Square man
how much do you make minimum wage oh
okay never mind I'd rather just do those
yeah [ __ ] you stupid ass Circle I don't
know what the [ __ ] I'm doing this is too
hard yeah you're [ __ ] out of luck dude
see I have a circle and I am a chef I
know this is just sugar so if I press
really hard on the middle the shape
should fall out
easily oh [ __ ] [ __ ] F [ __ ] [ __ ] F [ __ ]
uh yeah see my my circle is simple you
want to trade I already know how to do
this
sure you man let me have this oh he
broke his [ __ ] he broke his shape son
of my God I can't do this I got to win
this
money hey what do you want boss I want
you to do a cookie for me but you want
to play the game so bad you do it yeah
but this game is boring do it for me
fine give me a second H is so low and
seas all right oh [ __ ] why you idiot it
doesn't matter it's fine you want
anyways oh yeah I won everybody I won
first so I'm going to go eat my boiled
egg H did it I ate all the cookie around
the
starle Dingle stinky homeless man passed
yay egg
time I did it I really [ __ ] did it
let me see let me see oh [ __ ] you did it
yep no mistakes we did that [ __ ] yeah
give me a heart of shape next time
that's a [ __ ] ass shape wait didn't you
choose Circle no why would I choose
Circle that [ __ ] ass weak ass [ __ ] ass
sh come on now hey hey box face I did it
you going to congratulate me or
something congratulations you want to
know how I did it how I stuck it up my
hoo-ha and the yeast infection dissolved
the cookie around the shape it's not the
first time I bake cookies with a yeast
infection okay I'm done come wipe me
what I'm done what which a triangle
right there [ __ ] okay pass I'm done too
H pass can I help you go away I'm not
ready I'm done passed let me see your
progress you're the last one okay well
I'm doing a really good job but if you
look at it I'm going to get nervous and
[ __ ] it up so go away Marvin I [ __ ]
broke it what you broke it how'd you
break it well it's a leaf I can't chisel
that [ __ ] out what are you going to do
well give me yours you already passed he
knows you were a leaf yeah you're right
um what are you do you H it I'm I'm done
wait where's it at I ate it you ate it
yeah cuz I cuz I finished it right guys
all my friends saw it right Marvin right
Marvin uh yeah I finished he he did it
he he tried to get your attention you
just weren't paying attention you
wouldn't lie to me would you I'm I'm not
lying he did it were right Jeffy yeah
right Rose I didn't see oh you [ __ ]
well if you guys lie to me you won't get
an egg well I I do really kind of want
an egg you'll die if you tell the truth
don't yeah you're right yeah yeah yeah
we're telling the truth yeah yeah we all
passed passed oh thank God oh that was
close oh God I really did want that EG
congratulations on passing the second
game well that wasn't really a game that
was just food and I think we should get
two eggs for doing that so good I will
now announce the earnings after the
second game there's no point in
announcing the earnings it's not like if
we quit we could take the money it goes
to the dead families yeah [ __ ] that dead
family [ __ ] yeah and also where's that
old man at I'm right here I'm so
scared something weird about him yeah so
can we go ahead and play the third game
nope sleep tonight play tomorrow well I
don't think I'm going to be able to
sleep I've seen like five people get
shot in the head today yeah I know I had
to pulled the trigger it's pretty fu f
up well can we at least get our eggs
yeah I want eggs yeah I'm starving I
told yall that earlier eggs
egss
egss B time y squir man you have failed
me how did I fail you sir he did not
passed the last game because he ate his
cookie you you lied to me listen man I
just didn't want to get shot I thought
we were
friends no my
eggs there will be no more cheating is
there understood uh yes sir ma'am I
really can't tell with the mask on does
everyone understand that there will be
no more cheating
yeah good okay so um since squar Man is
dead can we have Circle man now triangle
man get in here now who is triangle man
I'm here coat here son take this okay
what I do with death you shoot them if
they don't play the game if they lose
the game or if they cheat okay now come
on what's wrong with this one the last
one couldn't even form a sentence he was
on his head as a kid so he's kind of
like half deatha so be nice oh Jesus so
I wonder what the next game's going to
be find out next time on squid game 2
three 2
[Music]