and that crafts is why elephants can't
jump cause they fat make sure you study
that over the weekend and i'll see you
all monday
thank god it's friday hey penelope what
are you doing tonight and if you're not
doing anything you want to add me to the
list of things you do you know junior
i'm busy busy doing what popping your
butt pimples because girls get pimples
on their butt smooth dude i'm busy
tonight junior cody are you still coming
to my sleepover tonight yeah of course
whoa
nani well cody you're going to a girl
sleepover yeah whoa can me and joseph go
no junior only girls are allowed well
cody's not a girl yeah but i'm gay yeah
he likes boys well i like boys too okay
then prove it okay what do you want me
to do to prove it you want me to kiss
cody i've done that a thousand times hey
cody let me kiss you no junior we have
to do the hokey pokey now turn yourself
around so i can put something in and out
and it's not gonna be my right foot
cause that's what it's all about dude
it's not worth it it's not worth it i
don't like boys told you you were
straight ha ha these guys are straight
dude they're bullying us i can't help it
i was born this way penelope please let
boys come to the sleepover no boys go to
jupiter to get more stupider well girls
go to venus to suck more you can't come
junior you're not allowed see you
tonight cody okay
cody what is a girl sleepover like what
do they do at the sleepover well they do
girl stuff you know they talk about boys
and have pillow fights and talk about
boys and have tea parties talk about
boys do they get naked well i mean they
shower together but that's gross you
guys wouldn't want to see that dude we
have to go we have to go cody please
teach us how to be gay yeah please i
want to be super gay no guys we're not
doing cody's gay lesson oh we want to go
to the sleepover cody we want it so bad
no junior only girl is allowed and me so
in oh joseph we have to go to that
sleepover we have to find a way to sneak
in yeah dude i gotta see some nicky
girls yeah my dad took my computer away
so i can't see him that way oh okay
let's go to my house and think of a plan
okay dude
all right joseph how are we getting the
sleepover dude i don't know we're not
cody
say that again
we're not cody
joseph that's it what we gotta be cody
how are we gonna do that dude we dress
up like cody and we go to the sleepover
before he gets there and they will let
us in because they're going to think
we're cody but it'll be two cody's dude
they're not going to let two cody's in
well i'll look like cody and then if
they don't let you in then just say that
they're discriminating and we'll sue
them oh dude i forgot i am black yeah
they don't let you in they're
discriminating and we can sue them and
then we'll own the sleepover yeah big
fat lawsuit all right let's dress up
like cody all right dude all right
joseph we look like cody oh yeah we
totally look like nerds yeah we look
like big fat dorks
all right so we have to beat cody the
sleepover okay okay let's go let's go
all right joseph they have to let us in
we're cody okay dude
hello what junior what are you doing
here who's she talking to i don't know
dude i'm cody and i'm black cody junior
i told you you weren't allowed to come
where's junior i don't know dude i don't
see junior yeah cause i'm cody and i'm
black cody oh guys leave right now i
understand you don't have to let me in
but you have to let him in yeah you
can't discriminate against me i'm black
cody i'll sue you no you're not allowed
leave oh wow you hear that junior it's
cause i'm black dude wow it's an
all-white party nothing but whites here
huh i'll be right there shonda
oh it looks like they already have their
black friend dude oh we can't see dig it
uh well you can't have more than one
black friend yeah yeah huh bare minimum
what junior joseph what are you guys
doing here uh junior what are you doing
here dressed like cody yeah you imposter
you imposter yeah cody come on in
not you guys leave yeah leave junior
yeah get out of here scramble she wants
me to come in
i can't believe that didn't work yeah i
totally thought we were gonna get in how
do we get into an all-girl sleepover i
don't know dude we're not girls
say that again we're not girls that's it
joseph what we have to dress up like
girls oh dude that would totally work it
would work joseph you've been coming up
with a lot of ideas tonight yeah i'm on
a roll dude okay let's dress up like
girls that go in the sleepover yeah all
right joseph they're gonna let us in
that sleepover oh yeah we totally look
like girls dude yeah only girls allowed
well here comes the girls
waiting what's our names dude oh yeah we
need names uh you can be hannah ooh
hannah i like that hannah's hot that's a
hot name you're a hot hannah ooh thanksy
and my name can be stacey ooh stacy i
totally banged stacey oh i'll totally
begin you too stop it oh you shut up
okay let's go to the sleepover and watch
the girls get naked yeah totally naked
all right joseph we're dressed like
girls it's an all girls sleepover they
have to let us in oh yeah dude we're in
there
pony all the other girls showed up
already right i think so
uh hello oh who are you girls oh i'm
hannah and this is my friend stacy no
i'm hannah i mean
i'm stacy that's hannah
blonde moment yeah you know those dumb
blondes always messing up stupid you
know those stupid brunettes better shut
their mouth before i smack it no you're
way stupider
it's junior and joseph in disguise let's
just make the sleepover really boring so
they want to leave oh that's a good idea
oh yeah i was wondering where you girls
were yeah you know we were just taking a
long time because i was rearranging my
tampon collection
my breast milk was leaking yeah we had
to tape it up oh i hate when that
happens uh where are your pajamas oh
that's a trick question because girls
sleep naked at sleepovers
oh
how could i forget yeah so can we come
inside yeah of course oh we did it we
needed a joseph
sleepover
i mean can we come inside to he yep come
on in
all right girls this is stacy and this
is hannah hi hello fellow ovary owners
hi hey i don't have ovaries hello so
when are we gonna take a group shower
and get naked
i'm so dirty yeah they call me stinky
stacy i need a shower oh actually we
already did that yeah all of us together
naked i don't remember that i don't
remember that either shut up well we
could just take another shower later
oh how about we talk about boys oh yeah
let's do that who do you think is the
hottest boy ever ooh ryan reynolds he's
hot yeah ryan reynolds is totally hot i
like wreck-it ralph he's hot excuse me
wreck-it ralph is hot yeah if you like
massive forearms he looks like king kong
he's totally ripped i like lord farquaad
from the shrek movies but he's short
he's still hot though you said from the
shrek movies but he was only in one
movie well actually he was in the shrek
4d right at universal so he's actually
two movies doesn't really count as a
movie they're gonna close that ride down
next year wait what are they gonna
replace it with dude probably another
stupid harry potter ride oh my god who
do you think is hot stacy oh um i think
this this kid named junior is hot he's
so dreamy he has so much pretty eyes and
his hair is orange ew i don't know who
that is he's kind of hot oh hannah who
do you think is hot oh dude margot
robbie easily
what happened to your voice oh my bad
but margot robbie dude you gotta choose
a boy oh my god ryan reynolds i guess
god margaret margot robbie and ryan
riddle yeah oh that's my telephone yeah
yeah everybody give me their telephone
number no i whisper something in her ear
and then she whispers it to her and it
goes all the way around until you tell
me what i said that's dumb just say it
out loud right now i'll go first i like
unicorns i like unicorns i like unicorns
stacy's a [ __ ] stacy's a [ __ ] what'd
she say dude um
but junior's the hottest boy in the
world oh so lucky julia's the hottest
boy in the world that's not what i said
i said i like unicorns oh weird that's
not what i heard at all yeah it's really
weird how it comes out like that so
different so who wants to have a naked
pillow fight
i think we should go to bed yeah i'm
tired but we haven't done anything yet
no i'm tired let's go to bed oh yeah
let's go to bed uh y'all sleep naked
ride no i brought my elsa pajamas i
brought my wreck-it ralph pajamas
uh so no one sleeps naked no no
actually naked justin let's get out of
here what really oh dude this is lame
dude it is laying there wigs itching and
stuff they're not sleeping naked they're
just talking about boys dumb oh yeah
let's go dude oh girls unfortunately we
have to go we have to we're going to go
we're we're actually boys and girl
costumes we have penises
what a waste of our time dude i know a
stupid waste of our time let's get out
of here yeah wait
joseph what
i think i thought of something what dude
what if they didn't like us so they
weren't going to get naked because they
didn't trust us that could be it yeah so
they're waiting for us to leave to get
naked dude that is smart so open the
door and close it oh wait wait i know
how doors work dude no no open the door
and close it they'll think that we left
and then we wait a few seconds and we
run up there and then we'll see i'm
naked oh okay okay yes open the door oh
we're leaving yeah it's so boring here
one
two three those girls were weird
what do you want junior i thought you
guys left what
we did leave
we just
forgot to say goodbye yeah we've got to
say goodbye oh really so you screaming
at us that you had penises isn't your
way of saying goodbye well that's how
you say goodbye in french yeah we we
have penises yeah we we now we want to
say in english so goodbye
goodnight sleep ty don't let the bedbugs
bye
they're not getting naked joseph let's
go oh my god what a waste
well joseph i guess girls sleepovers are
boring yeah dude
all right they're gone let's do this
[ __ ]
all right let's get to dissecting this
alien and see what this guy knows heidi
what's up take this for analysis okay i
got you shonda samantha prepare
instruments for dissection got it we're
gonna figure out how to send these boys
to jupiter to get more stupider yeah we
just need to figure out how aliens have
mastered faster than light travel let's
do this dude i wanted to see naked girls
me too let's see if we can get on my
computer when we get home and look at it
yeah what's that noise dude i don't know
look it's coming from the girls room
dude what are they doing up there i
don't know let's go check it out oh yeah
what's going on in there i don't know
what the
dude what is that i don't know it's like
they're working on like an alien or
something
all right penelope i'm trying to get a
brain sample but i only have one chance
at this just be careful what are you
guys doing damn it junior you made me
mess with my brain sample what are you
boys doing here well we saw a weird
light coming out your window and we want
to know what's going on yeah it doesn't
look like you're getting naked yeah so
what's going on nothing okay just leave
penelope we might as well just tell them
well tell us what ah do you really think
girls are just dumb and all they do is
talk about boys
yeah well we're not okay and we're
trying to figure out a way to travel
faster than the speed of light well you
could just tell us about it you have to
hide it yeah but we're trying to send
you boys to jupiter so you can get more
stupider you're trying to send all the
boys to jupiter not me what you you
can't do that anyway cody why would you
try to help her do that think about it
junior an entire planet full of boys
that sounds like a dream come true but
you can't send all the boys to jupiter
jupiter's a gas giant you can't walk on
jupiter oh i hadn't really thought of
that you should send us like mars well
yeah but that doesn't rhyme well i'm not
gonna let you guys do that i'm gonna
call the cops no you're not connie get
down
it's my friend ray
okay when they wake up they won't
remember anything
oh where am i dude what happened
joseph
you're dressed like a girl you're
dressed like a girl i am yeah cody why
are we dressed like girls uh it was it
was a dare a dare yeah we were playing
truth or dare and i dared you guys to
dress up like girls and you did it but
then you got in a car accident and then
you were in a coma and then you just now
woke up wait that really happened yeah
it was crazy anyway i gotta go
ah what a crazy game of truth or dare
right huh
well joseph since we're dressed like
girls you wanna make it only fans oh
dude yes guys love feed
don't get paid
[Music]