Jeffy it's time to go to school all
right Daddy just as soon as I get done
eating my breakfast Jeffy you're not
going to eat blue rock candy for
breakfast well I'm 18 so I'm going to do
it anyway well Jeffy you're 18 in the
third
grade Jeffy stop it it's not my fault my
hoes are up and my syndrome is down
Marvin look the
news stop it that's my thing Marvin look
the
[Music]
news breaking news Okay blue rock candy
is now illegal scientists have found
that it causes early onset diabetes
schizophrenia and teeth cancer Blue Rock
Candy is
illegal Jeffy don't eat that it's super
illegal and it's dangerous but no one
knows yet I have it I'll just be taking
this the cops yeah we're going around
confiscating everybody's Blue Rock Candy
cuz this is super illegal now and also
the street value of this is insane you
can get thousands of dollars just for
this huh you guys should have sold it
before I got here well what am I going
to eat for breakfast now Jeffy just eat
your C
food Marvin don't give Jeffy cat food
again it's okay Mommy I like shrimp and
biscuits see baby he likes it yeah eat
it up Jeffy who's that hello good
morning Marvin lovely day isn't it uh
yeah I'm sure you're wondering why I'm
here uh I don't have my house payment
this month oh I know but it's not my
problem anymore because I sold your
mortgage to the Mexican cartel ASA you
sold my mortgage I sure did and the bad
news is is sometimes I would let you
miss house payments without any
consequences but they love consequences
do you want to know how I lost my eye
and my hand I missed my house payments
so I cut them off myself to teach myself
a lesson wow I'm going to let you guys
talk so where's my money B uh listen I
don't have the money this month listen
you better have my $10,000 by tomorrow
morning or else I'm going to take your
ball sack cut it off and turn it into a
balloon to get to my daughter on her
Kinga my house payment is not $10,000 it
is now B so you better get it or else
I'm going to mucho gracias your Ballack
it's a really nice house do you have a
good day oh no oh my God what's wrong
Marvin Goodman sold my mortgage to the
Mexican cartel and they said if I don't
give him $10,000 by tomorrow they're
going to moocho grassy as my ball sack
what does that even mean a lot thank you
his ball sack exactly Marvin where are
we going to get that kind of money I
mean I could sell my car yeah that could
work hey Marvin I got some bad news for
you sorry it looks like you're already
having a bad day but I'm going to make
it worse your long x-rays came back and
you see that black spot that's lung
cancer oh my God you have lung cancer is
it bad oh no it's actually the good kind
of lung cancer it is no no there's no
such thing it's all lung cancer and it's
all bad well what are we going to do
well we could treat it by tomorrow and
you'd probably survive it but the
treatments are hundreds of thousands of
dollars and I know you can't afford that
well what can you do for me well I can
give you this box of tissue so you can
cry me a river and I can give you this
Hammer so you can build a bridge and get
over it morvin what are we going to do
well I'm the one with the cancer and the
payment so I feel like I should be
crying oh yeah you're right honestly
Daddy what I would do is since they
can't legally deny you Medical Care is
that your medical bills go to
collections and then you focus on making
your Mor morgage payment that's really
smart Jeffy so yeah let's focus on
making $10,000 by tomorrow anyone have
any ideas to make money well the police
officer man said that the blue rock
candies worth thousands of dollars but
Jeffy that's illegal yeah Jeffy that's
illegal and you wouldn't happen to have
any more of that candy sitting around
would you no that was my last little bit
damn it Marvin you weren't thinking
about selling that were you I mean it's
worth thousands of dollars yeah Mommy we
got to move weight well good thing Jeffy
doesn't have anymore I mean we could
make some yeah Daddy Let's cook no no
cooking illegal Rock candy under this
roof but it's thousands of dollars no
butts Marvin okay Jeffy let's go
downstairs and cook breakfast all right
Daddy okay Jeffy pour a little bit of
the serum on the pan all right
Daddy yeah that's looking real good
that's looking real good hey Dave why
are your eyes red oh I'm allergic to
latex oh why does it do that it's
allergic reaction Jeffy look let's check
on the first batch all right oh that's
looking good can we MF and cook or what
yeah Jeffy it is looking really good oh
my God we're amazing at this what the
hell are youall doing in my kitchen
whipping up dope up like a potty
spaghetti y'all making blue rock candy
that's just illegal but we really need
the money oh I'm about to call the
police on y'all oh we have a snitch
Jeffy let's go get him 911 this candy
dealers in my
kitchen all right daddy he's knocked out
and tied up what do you want me to do
with him what we usually do to snitches
I got you Daddy I'll be right back all
right I'm going to start putting the
blue rock candy in the ziplock bag Mar
Marvin oh oh no rose is coming I got to
hide this Marvin what are you cooking
for breakfast Marvin why are you dressed
like that uh me and Jeffy are making
blue waffles we googled a picture of it
to get the recipe ooh that sounds yummy
hey Danny I got the fucker's
head oh great Jeffy now we have to catch
her I'll get the knife hello 911 there's
people in my house cooking Blue Rock
Candy hang up the phone
bit you shut up in there all right Jeffy
let's get back to cooking
okay Jeffy I already put Blue Rock Candy
in this bag so I want you to take it to
school and sell it and try to get as
much money as you can I'm on it Danny
I'm going to go get dressed for school
I'mma keep staying here and
cooking all right crra today we're going
to be going over the side effects and
the negatives of blue rock candy so to
help me do that I have a police officer
here hey kids now I know I know I'm a
big scary police officer but I brought
my good friend Sebastian the no candy
eating lion here to make you guys feel
better Sebastian get your ass in herey
hey kids it's me Sebastian the no candy
lion just say another candy God damn it
Sebastian did you take a bump to the car
just a little bum just a little my God
Sor sorry kids Sebastian has to go back
to the zoo no I don't want to go back
there come on we're going back guys I
can't believe Blue Rock cand is illegal
I know dude I loved it I would literally
pay any amount of money just for one
piece of it I've literally never seen
anybody eat blue rock candy I don't see
what the big deal is you guys want to
buy some blue rock candy oh hell yeah
here's $100 here's $20 oh what can I get
for a dollar dude I want some well since
you guys are my boys I'll give you guys
half the bag for all your money put
together here you go yeah yeah yeah bet
oh my God this Blue Rock cand is amazing
yeah it is oh it's so delicious it's
okay H Amigos you want to buy some blue
rock candy sorry fipe we already bought
some where did you get that from Jeffy
selling it oh let me try this [ __ ]
W she's good a little too good my father
needs to hear about this papy all right
kid Sebastian's in the car now but as we
were going to say Blue Rock Candy is
illegal now because all that Sugar
causes early onset diabetes
schizophrenia and teeth cancer which is
cancer of the teeth hey you what the
hell is that kids what Penelope hi Dad
where did you get this blue rock candy
from uh it's Cody's he bought most of it
yeah it's all Cody's where did you get
it from I ain't snitching I'll die for I
homies not talking huh well I guess
you're coming with me down to the
station [ __ ] you pigs I'll use my one
phone call to call your mom another
batch done all right Daddy I sold half
the bag at school and made 124 bucks
Jeffy you goober half that bag alone is
worth two grand but they were my boys so
I had to hook them up you don't have any
boys in this industry Jeffrey the only
boys you got are Dead Presidents oh like
George Washington and Benjamin Frank
lips yeah those are your boys all right
well I promise I'll do better but what
happened was I had to get them hooked
and once you get them hooked then they
come back and spend even more money but
Jeffy I need 10 grand by tomorrow so get
your ass back out on that street and go
door to door and some more of this blue
candy yes
sir wasting my time cooking who's that
hello hey oh hey amigo I will have you
your money by tomorrow I sure will word
on the street is that you've been
cooking Blue Rock Candy Blue Rock Candy
I don't know how to make that stuff then
why AR you dressed like that huh I'm
deep cleaning my kitchen don't lie to me
Holmes I know you been cooking it listen
I'm just trying to pay your money by
tomorrow you're stealing my operation
and my customers well I'm not trying to
but my son did bring me some of your
stuff and it was good it was good yeah
so go in there and show me how'd you
make it well I'd rather keep it a secret
I kill you oh okay come on okay look
this is how I make it I put the sugar in
the dye then I put it on the pan and I
put it in the oven I'll be taking this
consider it a prepayment okay look I'm
just trying to get you your $10,000 so I
can be done forget about the $10,000 you
work for me now work for you for how
long Forever Until the days you die what
if I refuse then I'll just cut your eye
out and cut your arm off are you at
least going to pay me your fam is that
you get to live listen you just keep
making this blue rock candy and I'll be
back later for more money oh my God
would I get myself
into who's that hello the cops hey there
Marvin you deep cleaning uh yeah deep
cleaning what do you find officers want
fine you hear that Simmons he called us
fine why your eyes red oh I got Windex
in my eyes oh I hate when that happens
well listen Marvin the reason I'm here
is that I think I lost my favorite pen
around your couch when I was telling you
you had cancer and you do still have
cancer you should probably get that
taken care of oh well I just cleaned
around my couch I didn't see a pen oh
can I come in and look cuz it might be
like under your couch well I lifted up
the couch it's not under it oh well can
I use your bathroom cuz I really got a
tinkle well I just clean the toilet that
I don't want you peeing all over the
toilet seat well that's fair cuz I do
like to piss all over the seat well can
I come in and have a drink cuz I'm
pretty thirsty oh I just poured out all
the drinks in the refrigerator cuz they
were expired wow well can I at least
have have some tap water I had my water
turned off cuz I'm dying of cancer I
don't need water anymore oh yeah yeah
that does make sense well can I come in
and look at your furniture cuz I'm
Furniture shopping and I want to show
Simmons your couches okay make it quick
okay see Simmons look at this couch it's
really nice and I think it's a pull out
too I never pull out of your mother ew
Simmons
ew is that a woman screaming no no no I
think that's just the TV something's
wrong Simmons come on no no no no no no
all right Simmons where did that woman's
scream come from in here in here I think
it came from in here let's see oh my God
what they thought what it looks like
look I don't know what kind of weird
kinky [ __ ] you guys are into but I don't
want to see it no he tied me up and
baked me in the head I I I don't need to
know where he banged you okay I'm just
going to close the door no no no no no
look I'm really sorry for interrupting
I'll get out of your here wait Simmons
you smell that yeah blue ass I left a
little Rose butt in my kangaroo pouch no
not that Simmons I smell Blue Rock Candy
to the kitchen what no oh my God Simmons
we just walked in on a giant candy lab
willly wle would be proud you're going
to jail for a million billion years
that's how illegal this is no I'm sorry
I just needed the money put your hands
behind your back wait wait is that a
human head that's murder that's at least
another 100 years yeah what Amigo you
saved me damn right I did now where's my
money uh money well I didn't sell
anymore since you left no that's not
very much graas B now cut up these
bodies and put them in acid and you
better have my money by time I get back
or
else oh man what am I going to do he is
he going I think so oh God that really
hurt I just didn't want him to kill us
so I used ninja Focus to slow down my
breathing and heart rate well well you
know I didn't do anything wrong like
he's making me do all this yeah we heard
the whole thing I mean it's not like
you're doing this on your own uh no
never right yeah that's good okay so I
got a plan to kill that guy because
nobody hits me with a bottle come on
okay so Simmons is standing guard
outside that door in case the cartel guy
comes back when I get my tuna we get it
in a minute hold on okay so here's the
plan whenever the cartel guy comes back
to get his money you're going to tell
him tuna fish Terry has his money so he
comes to see tuna fish Terry now I
hooked up a bunch of explosives inside
that wheelchair and they're connected to
that Bell so whenever tuna fish Terry
rings the bell it'll blow up the
wheelchair killing both tuna fish Terry
and the cartel guy but when I get my tun
you'll get it when the cartel guy is
dead Jesus he doesn't know he's going to
die why don't you just arrest the cartel
member because that's lame this is way
cooler I saw it in a TV show and I want
to try it he's coming he's coming I'll
hide behind the couch hey say check out
this book I got my kids elato and Som
it's by this Dr susman he's crazy with
the features check this [ __ ] out man
this C is crazy he puts a cake on his
head my kids are going to love this [ __ ]
man oh wow but you have kids oh see yeah
my kids would die without me they love
me so much especially since I'm the only
thing they got because their mother died
their mother died oh yeah I had to cut
her head off because she didn't pay me
my money speaking of where's my money
huhuh he he has it okay where's my money
oh oh I think I just heard the oven go
off I I have to get the candy out of the
oven okay listen I don't want to kill an
old man okay what are you doing oh I see
I see is a servant going to come and
bring me my
money oh that was so cool he was like
and then he was like I'm dead oh that
was way cooler than arresting people but
he had kids yeah so what you have kids
he was going to kill you oh yeah yeah so
I'm going to go downstairs and throw
away all that blue rock candy just don't
let me catch you with it ever again you
got it okay okay so there's another
thing uh I've been looking at your lung
X-ray and you do not have lung cancer
that little black Speck right there is
actually a Skittle if if you look
closely you can actually see the S see I
was eating Skittles when I took the
X-ray and I guess I just dropped one in
there so yay no cancer hey N I sold
Wicked glass until I got your $10,000 so
now you can pay the mortgage Jeffy you
made $10,000 selling rock candy
absolutely Denny I move weight these are
my streets well we don't even really
need the 10,000 anymore cuz the mortgage
guy is dead oh should be yeah so guess
we don't have any problems hey Daddy how
about we take these 10 G's and go blow
it at the arcade okay Jeffy let's go wo
um
Marvin
Jeffy someone please get me out of here
[Music]