attention all passengers your flight has
been canceled the plane is on fire we
will refund you all your money show you
go to sleep is midnight God but chef
peepee the planes on fire
well they're not gonna be able to board
the plane to you because it's on fire
unless the fire truck come to save the
day no they're not
so you want them to board the plane with
it on fire
sure sure whatever makes you go to sleep
faster all right guys board the plane
I know it's on fire but chef peepee
won't you board the plane so get on the
plane but you stop the fire truck oh my
god Oh No please the kidnapper going up
in the door okay hello hey guys what are
you doing here so late
well me and Joseph we're wondering if
you want to have a sleepover no why
would I wanna sleep over with you losers
just kidding I would do that you guys
okay yeah you ever seen my new bed I
want to see that yeah don't even have a
bed I sleep on dirt it's actually soft
way comfortable than concrete come on
all right guys check out my new bed oh
you have a bunk bed that's it no jr. oh
no no way tell your friend to go home
I'm trying to go to sleep here
well jr. you share a bunk bed with chef
peepee yes sir did you not hear what I
just said
breathily shut up bottom bunk oh that's
right you bought a bunk I'm top bunk I
make all the rules oh shut up oh my god
this is reminding me of the orphanage
all over again
alright guys get up on here
better not make too much noise I'm
trying to go to sleep alright guys what
do you think about my new bunk bed it's
cool I guess oh oh dude is show bouncy
baby right that's so bout this Julia
stop jumping up and down man you're
gonna break it
shut up chef peepee the only way this
bed will break is if Cody's mom was up
here because she's fat yeah yeah wait
wait hey Joseph I bet you're a dollar
you won't stick your head in my ceiling
fan show me the money welco do you have
a dollar yep okay that's a bit well yeah
it was pretty gnarly do you think he's
okay junior he lost his head for a
dollar we should probably call a doctor
what's that Shep you see what he says he
is the adult should call the doctor do
you think she call the doctor what do
you mean junior right now okay but I
didn't hear you say please okay that
rhyme dr. Seuss hey somebody call the
doctor whoa what happened here my
friend's missing his head yeah I can see
that how'd that happen well Cody paid
him a dollar to stick his head in a
ceiling fan but no Junior you paid him
when I get the dollar from me
so you funded the whole operation you're
guilty look I don't really care who
funded it I'm just more worried about
this headless kid right here well do you
think you can fix him um be honest with
you
no I don't well I have this double-sided
tape okay fine yeah I guess I can give
it a shot yeah voila good is no do not
feel weird you put his head on backwards
oh did I well just be glad his head's
even on his shoulders at Joe see if you
feel okay no dude I don't feel too good
I think I'm gonna go home I'm out of
here dude
wrong way Joseph oh yeah I gotta figure
the shower at least it'll be easier to
wipe I'm out of here guys Cody look
continue our sleepover
so Cody what do you want to do for the
rest of the flip over go to sleep
shut up chef peepee yeah shut up bottom
bug yeah your name should be chef BB for
chef bottle bunk just go to sleep
Julia Cody I feel like we need a third
person up here Thanks yeah January I
think it could just be us
yeah by ourselves alone up here no I
feel kind of empty without Joseph yeah
they were called Richard come on he's so
mean though he wouldn't even want to do
all this poor stuff anyway he's probably
bathing in money right now well let's
call him and see what he's doing
all right Cody's ringing oh hello hey
Richard its Junior what do you want
Junior I'm bathing in money I told you
uh well uh me and Cody wanna know if you
want to have a sleepover a what a
sleepover what is that it's what you
sleep at my house your house I'm gonna
wake up with a disease or something well
no no no normal people have sleepovers
all the time it's just you and your
friend you know we just hang out and
have pillow fights and sleep in and
stuff you know oh let me dry myself off
with more money and I guess I'll come
over your poor house but don't expect me
to stay walk and i'm gonna complain the
whole time
all right see you soon all right Cody's
coming over what you hear a helicopter
yeah
well that must be him watch Ives make
sure you come and pick me up in three
minutes cuz I know I'm not gonna want to
stay long oh hi guys hey Richard thanks
for coming I feel so gross
being here right now I can taste the
pour in the air coming out of your house
well Richard we're gonna have a lot of
fun we're gonna do a bunch of sleepover
stuff so come inside look Richard this
is my room
you pour what do you sound like that cuz
I'm holding my breath so I don't breathe
in your poor air oh I couldn't hold it
any longer
oh no breathe
your poor hair oh oh oh that's better
and this is the bed you're gonna be
sleeping in tonight I'm going home what
is this a tree house no it's a book bed
you can stop inviting people over it's
time to go to bed
is that a homeless man yeah oh yes oh I
didn't know this was a homeless shelter
well no it's really cool look let's go
in the back like come on up the ladder
oh you laughs where's the elevator but
there is no elevator it's just a ladder
poor yeah come on Oh all right Richard
what do you want to do in this sleepover
go home come on Richard there's so much
fun stuff we can do Tom Cody and we
could snuggle
oh no we could play hide and seek we can
play video games or we can have a pillow
fight a pillow fight yeah play you want
to play what's so next Cody we can't go
up that easy jr. he hit us with a bag
full of cash we could take them you want
to go that's it you may be able to take
down jr. but you haven't even seen me at
my faux hunky power now prepare to feast
your eyes on maximum hug Gators all
right so does any other poor kid want
some oh so you want to have a pillow
fight top what me
listen if you struck me down now I've
become more powerful than you ever
imagined baby alright poor man since I
won I'm taking your bed listen here you
spoiled brat you think I'm actually let
you take my bed no this is my bed
I'm an adult here's a thousand bucks
shut up and get on the top bunk like the
piece of trash that you are garbage yes
sir oh you should know like here try to
get some sleep what what what's wrong
with this bed is this made out of trash
bags
oh poor oh I think I have an idea on how
to fix this all right let's see how this
feels
Oh oh yeah that feels so much better
I'm gonna sleep like a baby now mmm all
right I have to sleep up here with you
guys now just don't make any noises okay
all right Richard are you really going
to sleep I actually peed the bed so I
called chives to come pick me up
oh that must be him in the helicopter to
save me come in here what we ate so I
can get my bed he peed all in it so
cootie what do you do in the sleepover
now
yeah I don't know don't have some
midnight snacks oh yeah that sounds good
yeah Joseph oh dude what are you doing I
thought you were home oh man I tried to
go home but I wanted to fix a sandwich
first how about doing it you know I
can't see cause my hair's backwards not
great
it looks good to me thanks bro yes sir
are you are you still going home would
you want to stay for the sleepover oh I
guess I can stay you know I feel a lot
better now I'm sauce day do you yeah I
do okay well we're out to snack then
we'll go back upstairs okay okay let's
go
wrong way it doesn't okay okay all right
guys here are snacks oh man they look so
good yeah we even get our sour patch
kids cereal you this is disgusting this
shouldn't even exist milk and salad do
not go together with milk it's sour
yeah throw it out that's how this works
yeah just be a candy time cereal yeah um
Joseph hey Shepherd be really asleep uh
yeah sure let me see dude yeah he's
asleep he's totally usually hey Cody
you weren't going that website we were
talking about oh yeah let's do it don't
do it all right Joseph keep an eye on
HIV peon let me know if you wakes up
okay don't worry about that I'll keep an
eye on them let's go on this website
yeah yeah there it is oh yeah yeah
there's so many to choose from which
many went with you first
oh I don't even know Oh Joseph come look
at this oh dude Oh which one you choose
from Oh Papa scooper Iago UNESCO okay
that's the one that's my favorite oh
yeah you click here to enable flash we
would be on this gross okay show me show
you the history kid it was Cody's laptop
oh sorry the sleepover had to end guys
oh it's okay dude Junior what do you
want me to do with this laptop I'm going
to throw it in the ocean the deepest
part of the ocean I don't want anyone to
ever find it got it um sorry about your
head Joseph all right all right bro I
guess I'll see you tomorrow all right
bye bye
wrong way that way oh yeah forgot about
my head Ian backwards it's tough all
right chef if you they laugh which I do
what are you doing here we are cool math
games no no no
I wasn't show me your history I'm gonna
show you anything I'm a grown man
go to sleep good night chef easy
[Music]