oh man Jeffy I can't believe we have
tickets to watch the Harlem
Globetrotters play tonight heck yeah
Junior they're gonna be making full
court shots behind your back blindfolded
while having cheerleaders farting their
face like this oh heck yeah they are
that good hey guys what's going on oh
hey Cody we have tickets to watch the
Harlem Globetrotters play tonight you
want to come oh I do love the Harlem
Globetrotters but I have something else
going on tonight that's even cooling
what's even cooler than watching the
Harlem Globetrotter spin basketballs on
their fingers like this
I mean that is pretty cool but I think
what I have going on is a little bit
cooler what could be cooler than that
well there's this comment that only
comes by Earth every 100 000 years and
it's coming by again tonight how do we
know it only comes by every 100 000
years well because last time it came by
it was a hundred thousand years ago who
do we know that was alive a hundred
thousand years ago that can confirm that
well we don't know anybody it's just
they can track it how can they track it
like do they send someone up 100 000
years ago to put a tracker on it no no
they use like math look Junior hop off
my [ __ ] it's gonna be cool okay it's
gonna be even cooler than watching the
Harlem Globetrotter spin basketballs on
their nose like this
yeah yeah I think it'll be cooler than
that how are we even gonna see it we
just look in the sky no you need a
telescope we don't have a telescope Cody
but what we do have is three tickets to
see the Harlem Globetrotters play
tonight well Junior look in front of you
the camera no next to the camera whoa
telescope where'd this come from oh I
got it from the telescope store this
puppy cost me 600 smackaroonies you
spent 600 on a telescope that's the most
nerdy thing I've ever heard you know you
could have bought with 600 60 Harlem
Globetrotter tickets yeah but I think
it'll be worth it this is pretty cool so
we just go outside and see it yeah yeah
Junior I mean think about it this is
only gonna happen once every hundred
thousand years even your great great
grandkids aren't going to be able to see
this comment again well are you sure
it's gonna be cool like it's gonna be
even cooler than seeing the Harlem Glo
Trotter spin a basketball on their
wiener like this
yeah yeah guys it'll be way cooler than
that I promise you won't regret it come
on help me get this telescope outside
okay all right you pick a Liquors you
ready to see something so old on the
cavemen have seen it but they didn't
even know what they were looking at
because they had stupid little k-men
brains but we know it's a comment
because we have technology sure all
right I just have to look through this
little thing here uh junior could you
move why because I can only see your
butt which normally I wouldn't complain
but in like 100 000 years I can see your
butt any day oh look it's the Big Dipper
you want to see the Big Dipper Junior
sure okay pull down my pants actually
it's so cold out here it's more like the
Little Dipper but uh oh look there's a
Ryan's Belt I wish you would pull it off
and spank me with it that naughty little
constellation what the comet Cody I have
the telescope plans right where it needs
to be it should be oh my god there it is
that's so cool where where it just went
by I want to see I want to see oh it's
gone now Jenny it's gone yeah I was
going like 75 million miles an hour I
mean it's gone can we see it 100 000
years from now well it's already gone
forever well yeah Junior I mean it was
zoom and it's gone we came out here we
missed the Harlem Globetrotters for this
oh well look I'll find something else
cool like like look there's Saturn you
can see Saturn let me see
that's just a little dot in the sky well
but that's Saturn now it's a star that's
not that's not Saturn it's not a star
it's just a planet it's far away Cody I
think the comet's back but what are you
talking about the comments back look oh
my God what is that what oh god it's
getting closer it's headed right for us
uh Cody what's that it's a meteor Junior
and it landed in my backyard yeah what
are the odds of that happening I don't
know like one in a trillion oh my God I
want to touch it wait no Junior don't
touch it it might be like a million
degrees it just fell out of the sky it
was on fire oh we have to take it inside
Cody it's a meteor I don't want anyone
to take it from us yeah oh come on let's
grab it Junior I can't believe we
actually found a meteor it really came
from outer space yeah Junior you saw it
with your own eyes like all the way from
space I said yes God damn it you smell
that Junior that's what space smells
like oh it smells like crap yeah but
they they say space smells like burnt
steak so I guess that's what it smells
like I want to lick it wait don't lick
it it smells bad come on Junior when am
I gonna get another chance to taste
space I'm gonna give it a little lick
yeah oh oh God that does not taste good
what's it taste good it tastes like
what's it taste good
it tastes like bun holes oh no I try it
no no Genie a bunghole it's an acquired
taste you don't want to taste so it
tastes bad yeah it tastes like straight
turd oh so what do you think it's made
out of well I mean Rock probably do you
think it's made out of diamonds or gold
or or some material we haven't even
found yet I mean I don't know but I mean
what if it's radioactive and gives us
all cancer What You just licked it oh my
God you're right I think we should call
an expert just to be sure no Cody We're
not gonna call an expert because if we
call an expert they're gonna come take
this from us and take all the credit and
take all the money what if this is how
Bill Gates made all his money I I don't
think Bill Gates made his money from a
meteor I think he made his money for
making Microsoft how do you know he
didn't find Microsoft inside a meteor
because that doesn't make sense how
would you find software inside a meteor
what if it was like inside like a a
thumb drive inside the meteor I I don't
think that's what happened Jenny that's
insane what if the next iPhone's in here
I don't think Apple gets their iPhones
from meteors that fall out of the sky
okay fine well we'll call uh an expert
but what kind of expert do we call I
think we should call a media biologist
so we're gonna have a cold front coming
down from the north this week and that's
going to bring a lot of cold weather
hence the name cold front whenever I
have a cold front it causes it to
shrivel so you can be expecting one to
two inches of snow in the Chicago area
this week so watch out for black ice
that's going to try to take your car off
the road because that Black Ice is very
slippery so now we're going to go down
to local weather here in Florida you're
probably wondering why I just gave you
the Chicago weather report well I have a
buddy flying into Chicago this week and
he wanted to know the weather so there
you go Bobby here in Florida it's going
to be hot again you know big surprise
there you know low 80s high 80s all week
and it's going to be hey are you a
meteorologist what are you kids doing in
here are you a meteorologist yes
well I'm in the middle of the weather
wait wait wait what happened to my pants
oh your pants are green so they're
blending in with the green screen oh it
doesn't look like I have no pants on
yeah yeah so you're meteorologist right
so I'm a meteorologist you can come help
us what
sorry folks that's all the weather for
today if you forgot what I said just you
have an iPhone look it up all right what
do you kids want it's so important you
had to interrupt my meteorology you know
what's important colon health I'm gonna
go take a stink
okay so what do you guys want well
you're a meteorologist right yeah you
keep asking me that and the answer is
still yes well we have a meteor here for
you oh well see I don't do that you're a
meteorologist you mess with meteors no I
just do weather you'd be called
weatherologist then well no
meteorologists just do weather that's
all we do next thing you're going to
tell me biologists don't study bisexual
people that's not what that means either
well my whole Life's a lie well how do
you even know this is a meteor I saw it
fall from the sky that sounds like a
meteor oh God it smells like dookie
because space smells bad see you know
more about space than I do why don't you
figure this out because I thought a
meteorologist
sorry I'm not
I'm sorry but that's not
that's not what are you good for well
not much I mean just 80 year olds watch
me on the news so that they can go it's
gonna rain tomorrow I need to cover my
Patty Paddy Furniture that's what I
think 80 year olds sound like look I'm a
weatherman just call
me so then what am I supposed to do
about this I don't know just talk to an
actual scientist somebody who'd actually
know okay all right I'm gonna go back to
work wait is that my green screen back
there oh my God I'm not really a
meteorologist I'm a fraud I'm just a big
stupid fraud
oh mama
sorry about that Junior I had to go make
a stinkeroni and cheese minus the Roni
and the cheese so it was all stink give
a piece of toilet paper on your shoe
what'd the meteorologists say he said he
doesn't deal with meteors just weather
but he's a meteorologist I know I said
that too so what do we do now he said to
call a scientist okay I guess I'll go
get the phone book and look for
scientists oh I'll answer the door
you'll answer it yeah I will me I will
now leave to go answer the door and now
come on let's go
what's taking Jeffy so long
aliens I didn't know there was gonna be
this
ow what was that for I told you people
were gonna try to steal this meteor yeah
it's very
very it's worth it
a little block Turtle seven blue puking
wait how much is that I'm gonna google
it yup Tinseltown
tokens to US Dollars oh my God you knew
that's 276 dollars oh you're not
stealing business yeah we're not gonna
let you just come up here and Rob us all
right take it down I guess we're getting
robbed all right
I'm gonna put my gun down
this is really horrible can you help me
grab the gun
you shoot him shoot him
he said please you still killed him yeah
I feel pretty shitty about that you're a
Savage Cody I'm sorry no regard for
human life or alien life oh man I'm a
monster what do you do about that one uh
yeah well you're killing all the aliens
no I'm panicked I'm sorry oh God you're
a bad guy what have I done all right so
look I think we should take this meteor
to Dr finkelshits yeah that's a good
idea we know where he lives yeah and
then he can tell us how much it's worth
if it has like diamonds in it if it's
poisonous yeah good idea come let's go
wait it's heavy to have I need help
sorry sorry you're hungry you say you're
hungry I will now create the perfect
beverage to go with my lunchable because
my mom forgot to make a free Sun Mom
you're a [ __ ] okay first I will combine
a little bit of green Powerade yes with
a little bit of Zoom blue yes yes and
then a little bit of the red Kool-Aid
got him whoa this is delicious hey what
what who are you how did you get here
Mom why did you let me shoot in My
Little Pony uh we found this meteor it
landed in my backyard you said good you
know what that means
this is not the media well yes it is a
fell in my backyard I start falling from
the sky that is because this is poo poo
that fell from an airplane
what are you talking about where you see
the place they collect the poo poo from
the passengers when they use the toilet
and then they drop it from 30 000 feet
and it creates kind of a a sheetrock and
then you have found this and brought it
to me during my lunch break so thank you
very much for that
[Music]
yes
yes
I can't believe I licked a turd yeah
nobody told me it was a turd try to get
the taste out of my mouth it like to get
the taste out of my mouth you didn't hit
it yet it still tastes like [ __ ] thank
you and if you didn't hit like you're
mean so Cody like this is an actual turd
Rock yes Junior I thought it was a
meteor but you said it smelled bad well
that's I get enough Junior don't remind
me it's gross enough so two aliens
literally died over a turd rock yeah
just glad Jeffy left before they showed
up so what do we do with it do we like
flush it down the toilet no do you need
to rock we just throw it away okay I'll
get a trash bag yeah this is gross
oh
[Music]