so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know dude I'm bored well guys I
got cheese sticks you want to do a
cheese pull oh heck yeah dude let's see
how far we can stretch this I'm I'm
going to record it stret it Joseph oh
hold up oh my God look at that je so
stretchy dude stretchy as [ __ ] oh my god
oh definitely dude oh my God how do they
fit all that in there oh my God that
looks so crazy look at all that cheese
oh I can't help myself I got to eat that
ow ow damn dud what's wrong my back
teeth hurt well maybe you have a cavity
I mean you don't brush your teeth your
teeth are yellower than SpongeBob yeah
we could take your ass the Bikini Bottom
dude well yes they are yellow but it's
my back teeth that hurt well if your
front teeth are yellow I'd hate to see
what the color of his back teeth look
like Jesus well maybe I have a cavity I
should call my mom and see if she can
take me to a dentist yeah you should do
that we could have literally played jump
rope with that I know I saw that dude oh
Double D cheesy as [ __ ] hold on guys I'm
calling my mommy Rooney hey how many
times do you get your ass beat a day cuz
it's not enough dude shh hey Cody Rooney
hi Mommy Rooney is Daddy Rooney there
Cody I told you not to call me that [ __ ]
ever again look if you call me that one
more time I'mma tie your ass up throw
you in my truck and drive it off a
bridge happily tell him I love him I
don't think I'm going to do that Cody so
why you calling well mommy Rooney my
back teeth hsy wordsies well Cody have
you been flossing mom you know I can't
dance I can barely even hit the Quan
well Cody roony if you Crank That Soulja
Boy to the dentist's office then I'll
meet you there
okay
you Superman that ho now watch me you
hey there you guys crank that soldja boy
yeah we were cool so what brings you
into the dentist today well my back
teeth hertsy wordsies oh well I don't
know if the insurance is going to cover
such a gay sentence but I guess I can
try let me see oh God your breath smells
like dick thank you let me see those
teeth well it looks like you've never
brushed your teeth ever no it's not that
it's my back teeth that hurt okay oh
yeah I see it it looks like you got four
wisdom teeth coming in there what's a
wisdom teeth oh they're the smartest of
all teeth cuz they hide in the back of
your mouth and come in only when they
want to but why do they hury wses well
they hertsy wses because they're coming
in all crooked and they might get
infected and [ __ ] your teeth up but
judging by what I'm seeing right here
that wouldn't be much of a change but I
got to warn you the surgery to take him
out is really painful well I don't want
him taken out that bad well you don't
want to end up like wisdom teeth Willie
who's wisdom teeth Willie well I'm on
the clock I don't really have time to
tell a story okay I will so when I was
in high school there was this kid named
Willie and he loved wisdom teeth I'm
talking he was obsessed with them he had
a wisdom teeth shirt wisdom teeth
glasses a wisdom teeth hat this freak
had a wisdom teeth Shrine in his locker
he even sold wisdom teeth merch so he
could make enough money to buy people's
wisdom teeth when they got them removed
he was like the wisdom tooth fairy he
thought if he got enough wisdom teeth he
could blend them all up into a big
wisdom teeth smoothie and it would make
him the smartest kid in the world he
would even eat a bowl of wisdom teeth
like cereal he called them wisdom teeth
OES one day his wisdom teeth started to
come in and he didn't want to get them
removed because he thought it was a sign
from God that he was the smartest kid in
the world from all the wisdom teeth he'd
been consuming but then his wisdom teeth
got so big he looked like like a walrus
a walrus looking [ __ ] he was
literally almost cast in the liveaction
remake of the movie Ice Age as Manny the
mammoth his wisdom teeth got so big he
couldn't even open his mouth to eat they
had to drill a hole through his teeth
and put a straw through it to feed him
he eventually ended up starving to death
when he realized he didn't like soup I
don't want to end up like wisdom teeth
Willie well then I suggest we pull those
teeth out right now how much is this
going to cost doctor oh don't you worry
about that me and you are going to work
that out later in private oh mama the is
really that high don't [ __ ] block me
Cody he's a doctor okay open your mouth
no not you you silly goose that's later
you open your mouth ah oh yeah I see him
Target
acquired oh come here you oh he's in
there
good oh I got him I got him good yeah oh
there you go you little [ __ ] one down
two to go all right kid open your mouth
open your mouth ma'am can you please
punch him in the balls
oh King Arthur couldn't pull this [ __ ]
out oh yeah
oh that was a good one I think I got
part of the root on that one too all
right kid you're doing great one
more oh you little [ __ ] I hate
you okay all right you doing great just
one
more oh yeah come here come
here okay all right you did great kid we
got them all um I could have probably
given you some anesthesia but I didn't
know how nasty your mom wanted to get
poopa then mouth ooh I'm going to give
you some good pain medicine I wonder how
Cody's dentist appointment went yeah I
don't really care dude hey everybody oh
what happened to Cody he just got his
wisdom teeth removed so does that mean
he's Dumber now well the dentist loaded
him up with Hydra Co down so he's zooted
like a [ __ ] he's in a future
song right now he's like juice world
after his private jet landed and the
police raided it except he's not dead
right Cody well anyway I don't feel like
taking care of him so he has his
medicine oh take those I can make a nice
profit on the street with these hell
yeah you can I used to have a pimp that
made me sell those on the street and if
I didn't he would beat me with the
flashlight those were good times okay
well anyway make sure you give him one
of those every 2 hours it's supposed to
be every 8 hours but hey fingers crossed
bye Cody actually I shouldn't kiss you
with where my mouth has been I just had
a big old PhD in my mouth I didn't get
those pills for free so Cody why are you
chewing on a napkin yeah dude you know
better you could choke on that that's
not food uhhuh
and why are you in a wheelchair you can
walk Cody you're not a paraplegic yeah
he's acting like those fat ladies in
Walmart yeah yeah they get out of their
car and walk to the scooter just to
drive around cuz they're fat yeah like
[ __ ] get up you know you want them
Oreos
yeah say words Cody we can't understand
you you're just
going we don't speak in grunch dude come
on Joseph what dude what if when he got
his wisdom teeth taken out they were
attached to his brain and that was all
his wisdom like what if he's dumb now
that he got his wisdom to taken out oh
no my friend is stupid yeah what if
that's why his mom dropped him off she's
already raised him once and we're going
to have to teach him everything again
we're going to have to teach him how to
speak we're going to have to teach him
how to walk we're going we have to teach
him everything oh dude this is going to
be a lot but we're his friends we have
to do it we're going to do this and
first off we don't need these
pills hey dude I was about to sell those
I was going to make a profit you can
sell those as your prize after we teach
Cody how to be a human again okay we're
going to teach him right from wrong
starting with
this Cody this is bad MH this is a doll
this is plastic yeah it is not real you
do not hump this bad no
humping oh he's trying to speak Cody
tell me what you have to
say if only he could form words yeah
yeah get a whiteboard oh oh yes get a
white we're going to teach you how to
say words
words okay Cody here's a whiteboard so
you can learn
words so here's your alphabet sing it
with me a b c d Cody say it yeah dude
that's just gibberish yeah you got to be
like a b c
d no no no we don't understand that one
letter at a time
a good mhm B go no b b b yeah put your
lips together dude he can't do with that
goddamn napkin in his mouth dang it I
forgot
B napkins aren't food Cody yeah napkins
are b b bad yeah beef are
bad okay let's move on to the actual
words
cat no cat
meow meow
meow okay and this is
dog okay close enough close this is a
bird you're not good with bees come on
bird they fly they fly they fly you
can't fly you're a human you can walk
that's a big word for yeah human you're
not a bird you can't fly so stop it no
no you can't fly
silly okay and here's your uh what these
vowels yeah yeah vowels a e i o
u and sometimes y okay look each one of
these words have a vowel a o
i okay good I think that's good for your
word lessons today right yeah yeah yeah
I mean I just don't think he says
anything I honest to God don't know how
teachers don't hit their kids right I
would have booted their ass out the
window like this is so easy what's that
you want to learn to walk no you want to
learn to walk
all right I think it's time for he's
ready to learn to walk okay so here's
the big deal so if you're by a pool and
you can't swim my dad would just throw
me in a pool and I I learn to swim
exactly yeah so I think the only way to
get him to learn to walk is we just push
him out of the wheelchair onto the
stairs do
do all right Cody are you ready to start
walking no cuz when we push you on the
stairs you're going to learn to walk cuz
you're going to see all the steps and
you're just going to become a natural
see I'm a pro at walking yep I see him
walk every day and even I sometimes
stumble down the the stairs so it's a
little tricky but each step is lower
than the last so just remember that okay
just don't look down okay cuz you'll
fall yeah it makes you kind of
distracted how how high up you are
listen buddy we're only doing this
because it's for your own good the
sooner you learn to walk then you can do
anything you can walk to the store you
can run yeah yeah you can run like you
same bolt oh bro he'll be a track star
okay so you ready to learn to walk three
two one
[Applause]
walk he didn't walk yeah he he fell down
that bit come on
Cody come on Cody you didn't even try to
walk you didn't lift your leg up one
time yeah no effort dude come on your
wheelchair made it farther down the
stairs than you did the wheelchair is a
better human than you and it doesn't
even have legs dude yeah come on
Cody wait what's that you want to learn
to swim he's such a fast learner I like
this kid isn't the saying you learn to
swim before you learn to walk maybe okay
come on good let's go learn to swim come
on buddy you swimmer Michael Phelps all
right Cody are you ready to swim no all
right Cody that's the spirit so I have a
joke to tell you before I throw you in
the pool how can you tell the difference
between a boy ant and a girl ant a girl
ant drowns and a boy ant
floats get it because he has a penis so
he can
float all right time to swim
Cody oh look at that he's floating he's
swimming move your arms and legs he's so
Advanced dude move your arms and legs
come on dude I think he's just having a
good time like sunbathing yeah
Moon bathing all right Cody let us know
when you're done swimming you come
inside yeah do you little wow Joseph
we're literally the best teachers ever
yeah dude I could definitely be a
teacher's assistant like we taught Cody
how to talk walk and swim all in one day
we deserve a Purple Heart yeah seriously
I I know they should give award Joe
Biden should make us the the the the the
medal of of being good yeah yeah
definitely hey there uh your neighbor's
cameras saw you throwing a sedated kid
in a pool oh no we weren't dating no no
sedated like he was all drug up okay
Cody never did drugs he was a good kid
yeah he's a nerd he would never do that
yeah all A's and everything he was too
lame to do drugs h a roll no I mean I
mean like he wasn't all there okay
listen I understand that he didn't know
a lot but we had to teach him all that
in one day so do not make fun of our
parenting you don't get to make fun of
our child it's my baby boy what are you
talking about I I I took his wisdom
teeth out earlier and so he was all
drugged up from the pain M so you made
him like that you messed up his life he
had a future he was going to go to
college you know you're under arrest you
can't take his hat yeah put the Hat on
me you're the cop now hat I Want My Hat
okay well never [ __ ] the Hat you're
under arrest you can't arrest me I'm
pretty sure you begged his mom too well
I did do that that's true guilty is
charged all right come take you to jail
those damn officers
[Music]