all right class today we're gonna be
learning about the human body you should
already know about the human body
because we are all humans including me
oh and I almost forgot
I got me brand-new prescription glasses
because my eyes are so threatened I
can't see anything so for the first time
I'm gonna be able to see your little
human faces I what
this isn't fair dude this is
discrimination well I mean guys at least
we don't they go to school anymore
oh yeah that is cool dude I hate school
well I don't even know if I count as a
turn but you do Cody you're a magic who
visit your turtle oh well we still need
an education all right
I mean I mean I got Jeffy's the only one
that gets a snake is he's a human um age
20 19 identifies a turtle I guess we all
have to leave then guys my parents are
gonna flip well I guess we're here
forever dude yeah let's all go dad
write crap you get out of here you don't
come back unless you're human all the
humans are out in this crap what do you
want Junior oh well uh I got kicked out
of school today yeah what yeah I got
kicked out of school awesome that's
great I knew you had it in you son
what did you do do you get your teacher
wedgie do you not love nerd no I I got
kicked out because I'm a turtle Willy
what apparently you can only go to
school if you're a human wait that's
stupid Junior look I got kicked out of
school in third grade so I guess it's
like father like son I mean everyone is
you're not mad at school I hated it too
that's stupid yeah this or not the door
dad
hello hello there let's meet your father
please yeah dad there's somebody at the
door in a suit he wants to talk to you
hello am I getting arrested look she
told me she was 18 actually it's been
brought to my attention and my bank
approved you for a home loan and you're
not a human is that a problem actually
it is because since you're a turtle and
not a human you don't have a Social
Security number and we do not give loans
to Turtles
so in the short way get out you can go
live at a pet store
sure you can and you have one hour to
get out of this house or else I'm
calling animal control that I'm still
alive yeah but also we're getting kicked
out of the house wait what for well
apparently since that's not a human you
can't own a house so now we're gonna be
homeless wait if we're going to be
homeless that means I don't have to work
for you guys anymore
I don't even have to be bothered with
you anymore oh I'm going to pack my
stuff right now who's at the door hello
hey Junior my parents are mad okay well
Cody here told us that you boys got
kicked out of school for being Turtles
yeah they said we're not allowed to go
to school unless we're humans now that
just piss me off
you see me and my baby we've been
dealing with discrimination our whole
life yeah people just have a problem
with me being black mm-hmm do the
father's black yeah well you see my
great great great grandfather knew a
black man so technically I'm a brother
she's a generational Edward pass
straight up all right my parents are
stupid Junior
all right sir so what y'all doing here
well we wanted to have a parent-teacher
conference here inside your house why
wouldn't I - my house Oh house dirty
yeah it's the trap house there's mouse
traps everywhere I don't want you to
teach you to step on them Oh
y'all gonna come inside good so uh
when's a teacher gonna be here oh he
should be here soon we called him on the
pay phone show dude will you phone the
committee listen
it's true this one time I was on
Facebook and me and my husband we're
talking about bison
and then I saw a whole bunch of ads for
bicycles now you explain that Mark
Zuckerberg mm-hmm Cody what's gonna
happen when the teacher gets here oh
well they want to try to convince him to
let us go back to school well I don't
care about going back to school well you
boys need an education yeah you wanna
end up like Judith here I'm dumb as a
brick yes I do she's my baby girl oh boy
it must be him hello oh why am i a
turtle house because these parents want
to talk to you about something okay all
right the teachers here I heard you
wanted a parent-teacher conference oh my
what a good-looking Asian man what was
your name my name is Jackie true bless
you
yeah you need a tissue baby now we want
you to let our boys back into school I
saw in them I know can't do that
your boy I could I can only teach
kyumin's Tyrone get the peace offering
Eagle we offer you this the food of your
culture mom Oh yummy tabby my favorite
so are you gonna let our boys back into
school now no ma'am I know except
bribery no matter how red a delicacy
all right listen here young man don't
get short with me we just want you to
give our boys an education
well I can't do that they have to be
human in order for me to teach it all
right ching chong listen here just
because you think you can open up cheap
buffets dad dad dad you shut up
everybody but please just shut up
mom dad just just go home I have this Oh
Cody you're such a big boy all right
Tyrone let's bounce all right baby I'm
sorry teacher what my parents were so
rudely trying to say is they wanted you
to let us back into school well no can
do Cody because you are taught I can
only teach humans okay well I mean quit
I don't like you're not going back to
school anyway schools dumb well jr. we
need an education and we're going back
to school
mmm well we have to become humans to do
that I'm gonna figure out a way to fix
this you you just get Joseph over here
all right
so dude why did you want me to come over
cuz Cody said he's gonna try to help us
go back to school or something dude I
don't care about school I like to stay
home I know me too I play video games I
love video
sorry guys look what I made whoa Cody
what's that
these are turned into human potion
what's hard any human potion - what do
they do they turn you into a human
junior witch so if I drink this I'll
turn into a human uh-huh and we can use
these to go back to school dude I'm not
gonna drink this do I love to stay home
I don't want to go to school anymore
but Joseph if you turn into a human you
might get adopted it and then have a
family hmm okay drink it
Cody ah how did you make this well have
you ever seen the movie Emperor's New
Groove yeah well you know when he drinks
the llama potion and turns into a llama
uh-huh well it's pretty much just that
but with people oh all right well then
who want to drink it first oh not me I
haven't even tested these I don't know
what it'll do Oh Joseph you undo it
no dude I'm not gonna trick you first
all right gosh I guess I guess I'll
drink it first um Cody do you give me a
cup and a straw
wait yeah a couple of straw when I drink
it out a cup in a straw why don't you
just wring it out of the tube because it
looks weird you have a cup you know and
a straw like straws bendy straws okay
fine I'll go get cups and strong yeah
Vinny straws all right Junior I got you
your glasses and your strides are you
happy now
yeah it looks a lot better now Cody oh
man guys I'm really nervous
I guess I'll still be the first one to
drink it and turn into a human I'll see
you guys on the other side
guys did it work yeah I do yeah you even
have your do I still do yeah my
god Junior I can't believe the potion
actually works I feel so cool I really
like a human yeah what dude is my turn
me me I makes it nice okay guys how do I
look
Joseph you look so cool dude oh man dude
look at my shirt this thing the console
is a basketball shirt that's so cool
okay my turn
Oh Cody how do you think it was like as
a human I think I'm gonna look like a
sexy guy with an eight back oh do it
Cody there you go what well guys anyway
look oh you uh you look cool cool look I
feel amazing
I feel hunky wait but is it here do I
have here now oh my god I am here I can
whip it around and I can style it
however I want I went to the right and
go like this if I wanted to the left I
can go like this or I could do it in the
back or from feeling Moody I could do it
up front
ahh oh my god this is amazing I should
be a motto yeah well don't don't get too
for yourself Cody oh okay well now look
humans guys we can go back to school yes
do it dude yeah they can't say anything
right yeah um well actually um I'm not
to get kicked out of my house really
yeah the bank says that my dad can't get
a loan from them because he's a turtle
so can we turn him into a human too
oh yeah we have plenty of potion left
just go bring him a glass all right I'll
take him this one right here
it's me Dad wait no I only have one son
and you're not him look if you want
child support you're out of luck what
are none of that I turn into a human
wait wait what yeah yeah look all you
have to do is drink this drink and
you're trying to a human and we get to
keep the house wait yeah what cause we
didn't make this Diddy no Cody did okay
you're terrifying yeah you're a human so
we get to keep the house Yeah right now
my dad the human now
ooh what's he look like hey guys I'm
human now Jesus Christ what's this
problem you're just really terrifying
dead oh that's understandable so Cody we
should go check baby what we look like
okay yeah let's go oh oh
Glenda I can't forget about you good bye
a new spatula goodbye Junior what do you
look like that well Cody said he made a
human potion and we drank it so now
about you BAE
oh my god you guys are these humans I've
ever seen bananana right I'm high
no it's specially you well Chevy B now
that we're humans we get to go back to
school oh really
yeah and dad's a human so now we
automate all the house wait what yeah
yeah so get back the cookie survey
because we're here to say
please tell me this is a lie come on
guys please tell me they're lying go
back Oh what's the mac and cheese all
right Cody I'll see you at school
tomorrow yes oh yeah it's awesome
all right human class today we're gonna
be learning about the turtle body and
you should already know about the turtle
body because you all used to be Turtles
you know guys instead of trying any
humans we could've just broke his
glasses yeah yeah that probably would
have been easier oh well we're here is
now so what
[Music]