all right guys are you ready to play
game night heck yeah dude we haven't had
a game night in forever yeah I'm excited
all right guys so we have to play with
Penelope a no dude I don't want to play
with your stupid girlfriend she gets on
my nerves she's annoying she has red
hair and her breath stinks hey oh damn
she's right behind me
huh my bad dude all right guys did
everyone bring their own board game to
play I did oh I didn't I'm broke bro I
brought two oh what two board games you
bring okay so I brought my favorite
board game ever it's called you got to
be kidding me oh dude I don't want to
play a stupid cat game but it's so cute
you hear that dude it's so cute that's
so [ __ ] annoying I hate her voice
it's so cute supposed to be boys and
like we're supposed to be playing games
together it's still cute why is she here
foury ass it's still cute God damn it
I'm glad Trump won it's so cute okay
what's the other board game you brought
okay so I also brought don't break the
ice oh I love that game all okay we
going to play don't break the eyes let's
open it all right guys the game's all
set up so how do we play oh it's so fun
it's so so fun so fun oh I just want to
slap her ass so bad let me do it dude
Joseph calm down we're just trying to
have fun so how do we play so you take
your little Hammer thing here and you
knock out the ice one piece at a time
but you want to make sure you don't make
Philip the penguin fall or else you lose
so there's only one loser yep and three
winners yeah all right let's play well
hold on guys you want to hear some fun
facts about Philip the penguin there's
facts about Philip the penguin yeah what
do you think his favorite game is uh
don't break the ice no no it's freeze
tag cuz he likes cold stuff I thought
his favorite game would be the game he's
literally a part of NOP nope that's not
what it says his favorite favorite food
is frozen pizzas when they're still
frozen see it says that cuz they felt
like they had to explain their own joke
you know what his favorite joke is what
this one no no what what did I ask for
from the genie three fishes come on dude
what the hell is this penguins like to
eat fish see you know what his favorite
family members are his uncle Steve and
his
Antarctica oh the continent Antarctica
yeah like the continent you know what
his favorite life goal is getting a job
in snow business but he's a he's a toy
well yeah but I mean snow you know cuz
his favorite hobby is getting dressed up
in his tuxedo for swing dancing lessons
what do that to do with snow well
because penguins look like they have
little tuxedos on cuz they're like black
and white okay yeah you know what his
favorite ice cream flavor is ice no it's
mint sardine cookie dough with minnow
sprinkles and Squid chunks okay that's
like no one would ever guess that too
specific dude yeah you know let's just
play the stupid game please all all
right you go first Cody
okay damn this is hard ice hit it harder
one of these days it's really you have
to keep going Until It Breaks I know
you're weaken all he got one good luck
guys okay you knocked over philli but I
didn't make him fall is true he's
supposed to fall through the ice I guess
you're
right okay all right my turn my
turn yeah that was really quick okay my
turn that's what she said oh damn okay
nice um
[Applause]
you little [ __ ] he suck the game it's
[ __ ] okay you know what fine I'm
going to go get my game yeah go get your
game he lost the first game what a this
game idiot stupid ass okay guys you
ready to play Taboo oh I love taboo I've
never even heard of this game me either
dude how do you play well you just take
one of these cards with a word on it and
you try to get your partner to Guess The
Word On Top of the card without saying
that word or the other words on the card
so on this card the word is gas but I
couldn't say what you put in your car
because I'm not allowed to say car but I
could say hey Junior did you fart did
you pass gas yes exactly just like that
oh this the easiest game ever oh dude
I'm totally going to win okay let's
figure out teams I'll be on Penelope's
team no way dude that's cheating you
guys kissing stuff so you can totally
read each other's minds okay fine I'll
be on your team Joseph yes no no no
that's not fair you guys kissing stuff
so you can read each other's minds no I
don't yeah we don't kiss wish you guys
kissed okay fine me and Joseph are
really good friends so I guess it would
be unfair yeah so I guess I'll be on
your lame stupid team I got to be on
Penelope's team E I hate it as much as
you do okay Junior let's go first Joseph
start the timer I got you dude okay this
is an easy one I'm hung like a what I'm
hung like a Christmas tree no no it's
the thing people say when someone's
packing he's hung like a Christmas tree
ornament no no I'm hung like a Christmas
Reef [ __ ] it okay this one's horse okay
I'm hung like a horse okay oh this is
great this is easy what am I gay what no
what what else pimple face freak no no
what else Four Eyes no no it's ugly no
the word is hunk doof no okay oh this is
the easiest one okay a blank a day keeps
the doctor away oh easy medicine what a
medicine a day keeps the doctor away
yeah medicine will keep the doctor away
no a blank a day keeps the doctor away
uh vitamins it's a very common saying a
blank a day keeps the doctor away I I
don't know give me more hints what okay
sometimes there's a worm in it dirt what
no why would dirt keep the doctor away I
don't know there's a worm in dirt
sometimes you bite into it and there's a
worm in there dirt what no why would you
bite dirt I don't know I don't know
where El worms live you're running out
of time
dude your grandma you're out of time no
no no no no [ __ ] it no we're going to do
this he's going to get at least one your
mom's mom has one that's green how do
you know what my mom's mom have I don't
even know my mom well it's just it's
sometimes it's green Adam and Eve ate
this each other out what no Jesus Junior
well no no you you said that Adam and
Eve ate it and they didn't have food
back then what else would they oh oh I
know a snake what they didn't eat a
snake no give it up God damn it dude
you're [ __ ] Apple it's the easiest
[ __ ] word in the world how do you
know my mom's mom might have an apple
well it's a granny smith apple it's it's
a kind of apple it's an apple a day
keeps a doctor away you've never heard
that no Jesus junor you're such a
[ __ ] idiot an apple a day keeps a
doctor away so I can go to the Cancer
Ward and give out apples and everyone
will be cured well it's just a saying
it's not real if I ate an apple every
single day I'd have a tummy cramp and
I'd have to call a doctor oh Jesus J
you're such a [ __ ] I hate you I hate
you okay how many points did we get none
we get [ __ ] zero because you're an
idiot oh you're an idiot because you
don't know how to EXP explain cards well
you don't know Common saying if the word
was Apple you could have said MacBook or
Steve Jobs I would have said Apple you
idiot you dummy you doof you for okay
[ __ ] it [ __ ] you okay you know what I
want to be on I want to be on um um
Joseph team yes I want to be on Joseph
team because since you're being an idiot
I don't want to be on your team anymore
okay that's fine that's fine me and
Penelope can be on a team of smart
people okay fine you so it's me and
Joseph turn and we're going to show you
how to do some real real points getting
or cards or whatever the [ __ ] this is
called [ __ ] idiot okay Joseph it's
our turn heck yeah dude I'm ready lock
in I'm locked in lock in I'm locked in
lock the [ __ ] I'm locked the [ __ ]
in okay turn around so you're not
cheating okay dude I got you all right
Cody flip the thing yeah okay if you put
as much effort into this as you did when
you were my partner it's going to be
pretty bad Cody just flip the stupid
thing and go okay uh he showed his Wier
on his airplane oh uh Drake oh oh yeah
um um uh what you do with a girl when
you watch Netflix smash um oh when you
when you do something in your sock it's
before it gets crusty ooh sticky oh okay
um ooh uh if a girl does this she's a
quit spit um o the white [ __ ] in Cody's
hair dandruff okay uh Chinese parents
name their kids this ping pong uh-huh um
o Kobe Bryant oh helicopter okay uh
jeffy's twin brother he needs to be in
more videos uh scooter uh-huh oh H you
want to suck on Marco Robbie toes uh you
want to put on her toes Ranch uh-huh um
oh if if you were to have sex with a 10
she would uh starfish starfish yeah yeah
yeah there you go um we got oh doofy the
dragon Good Morning America uh R yeah
yeah uh oh you talk to girls on this
they get naked oh Snapchat uh if you
talk to under girls what happened
exposed uh-huh um Liam pain but alive
hair sty uh-huh um H LeBron James donk
uh uh hot girls in cartoons uh enemy uh
uh her ugly hair
Ginger uh uh uh uh uh an Frank went here
and didn't have fun uh camping she went
camping yeah yeah uh the time's up yes I
can't be stopped Punk how many cars we
get a [ __ ] ton I stopped counting oh we
got so many cards Joseph Cody is it our
turn yet yeah we got a lot of work to do
don't worry Cody we're both smart yeah
yeah you know what we're smart we yeah
we're smarter than that we can do it
okay Cody I got our cards ready okay
okay penel we need to lock in we need to
really lock in like lock the [ __ ] in
like yeah okay Joseph you won't believe
this we got 19 cards no way dude oh they
totally can't beat us what 19 that's got
to be some kind of record no no no Cody
don't freak out we we got this remember
we're smart yeah yeah you're right
you're right you're smart there's no way
you're going to beat 19 cards shut up
Junior we got this okay penel get ready
go okay okay got our first card are you
ready yes I'm ready hurry the [ __ ] up oh
okay okay
okay okay it's a silly word okay okay
give me some minut come on it's a funny
word it's a funny word okay I want to
laugh you come on like okay all right
say
something you got you got to say got you
have to we can skip we can skip if you
want you want to skip I don't want to SK
I got it I got okay do something we
don't have time for this P we don't have
[ __ ] time for this we got to get
through 20 of these goddamn things P say
something what breathe take a [ __ ]
breath and talk just
talk it can't be that funny there's no
way it's that funny nothing's that funny
you have to say something please please
[ __ ] say something something we're never
going to get through this [ __ ] come on
say it give me a hit godam it what so
[ __ ] funny toot the word was [ __ ]
toot you lost your [ __ ] over toot how
old are you [ __ ] this I hate game night
[ __ ] you [ __ ] you [ __ ] you [ __ ] game
night I hate this [ __ ] dud stupid board
game [ __ ] Cody where are you going
I'm going home Junior I'm going home
because I'm done I'm done and I hate
board games oh come on Cody we're just
trying to have a fun night fun exactly
that's the key word fun I'm not having
fun cuz you suck at board games I don't
suck at board games you're a [ __ ]
idiot and Penelope can't talk okay
listen if we do team again you can be on
Joseph's team Joseph Joseph will find a
way to [ __ ] me over come on please just
play another board game we can't play
with three players we we need four
players I will play one more game you
get one more okay one more game and I
promise no one's going to screw you over
okay better or not all right guys the
game I picked out was called Cody's mom
on trampolines damn dude I didn't know
your mom was that famous she has her own
game okay that's it I'm [ __ ] leaving
but no you said you'd stay for one more
game you have to stay for one more yeah
I want to play a game I didn't want to
be bullied dude I gave you a compliment
okay fine Cody I won't bully you so the
way you play Cody's mom on trampol
really again Junior that's not what it
says on the box is it okay it's called
pigs on trampolines wait how do you know
that's pigs like how do you know that's
an ie could be pogs or pugs well maybe
because there's a [ __ ] pig on the box
panelope wow Cody way to yell at my
girlfriend sorry I'm just still pissed
off about taboo okay the way you play
pigs on trampolines is you grab your
Cody's mom really Junior three [ __ ]
times I'm trying to explain the rules so
you grabb your pig and you toss them on
the trampoline and whoever gets their
Pig inside this whole first wins really
that's it yeah so Joseph you go first
okay dude I got this watch me
win wa that was so close that close all
right Cody your turn Okay way the
[ __ ] suck dumb ass fory [ __ ] I
couldn't control it all right my
turn oh that's close CL my turn well
okay pel you know it's your first time
is my
turn oh Joseph was kind of close was
close hey Kik my way oh my bad Cody what
the [ __ ] how to play game [ __ ] all
right my turn
oh see that's how easy it it that was
close my
turn all you
turn right back to this game is
impossible better Junior are you going
to go oh
yeah that was close all right Jo you go
didn't even bounce he get a redo geted
fine close yeah okay oh are you even
trying you're going to lose the pieces
stra I can't control it my
turn no one's going to get oh close this
is my lucky green one oh D
it okay how is
[Applause]
it together it's random and so they
continued their yelling at Cody because
no one ever got a pig in the hole it's
[ __ ] impossible
[Music]