all right brooklyn guy it's your turn
ugh i hate this game it's so unrealistic
i'm a police officer and it says i make
fifty thousand dollars a year but i
don't make anywhere near that much in
real life well i'm a film shawn i make a
hundred thousand dollars a year but i'm
a different kind of film
i'm just gonna spin
oh you got a nine bucky guy you got a
nine yeah thank you jonathan i can see
that wait karen where's your girl piece
it's not in the car i was just there a
second ago oh karen's in my car front
seat jesus jonathan why do you have so
many women in your car that's because
it's just like real life looking guy
don't you all my girlfriends but don't
you worry i'll take real good care of
her yeah jonathan just take your stupid
turn okay
[Applause]
just like you karen
action space action space everybody
switch lives with the audio player you
hold it here blue team guy i guess you
being your wife wait that's not what the
card says brooklyn guy this is what your
game says play a game jonathan you
wouldn't last a day in my life i have to
actually work instead of just staying at
home and playing video games all day i
have to work too i have to take my
medicine every day and i have to rub
mom's bunions and sometimes when i eat
hot cheetos the dust is all over my
fingers and then it gets on my keyboard
wow what a terrible life hey would you
look at the time it's 10 30. karen we
got to go to bed i have work in the
morning but i didn't bring my pajamas
i'll go commando don't worry he bites
no you're going home because you can't
stay here yo okay and actually leave
this time don't just hide the pantry
like before
that was only once come on karen
tonight sucked boingy i think it's nice
that you invited your brother to game
night i didn't invite him we found him
rummaging through the garbage like a
raccoon with a gopro on his head because
he was looking for your used underwear
boyney you need to spend more time with
your family i hate my family do you
wanna fool around no karen i have to be
up at 5am you never want to fool around
anymore
[Music]
good morning world
so nami how so are you after last night
i didn't break you did i
good morning
karen what are you doing in my bed wait
this isn't my bed with all my stains
sporty why are you being weird when you
keep calling me booty i'm jonathan boydy
get life for what
hold on what is going on
i'm i'm
be a king guy but how we we must have
switched bodies from the board game but
if i'm in brooklyn guy's body since that
means
karen
boiny are you okay oh trust me i've
never been better so since we're like
married
and you're my
wife can we like
do stuff for pointy aren't you gonna be
like for once
work i'm about to go to work boydy it's
been a while oh trust me it's gonna be a
while oh
boy
let me close the door
whoa boy five times yeah i kept sinking
in my mom whatever it is it's working
i'm so glad i'm in brooklyn guy's body
he's way bigger than me what
what's that that's your phone pointy oh
brooklyn guy's phone i mean my phone
because i'm brooklyn guy and i should
answer his phone my phone
hey yo guy where the hell are you you're
six hours late for work who's this it's
your boss the chief of police oh i
forgot i'm a police officer well you're
not gonna be for much longer if you
don't get your ass into work aye aye
captain who was that pointy he was my
boss he wants me to come to work oh okay
boydy but i don't want to go i was
having so much fun we can have more fun
later boitie okay daddy's gotta go to
work oh yes daddy
that's number six
see you later
karen why do you have to use tissues all
over me
oh god why are there so many
and what why are they salty
karen whoa whoa whoa what room is this
this isn't my house what karen
what hot anime dolls what what what is
happening oh no oh no no no no no no no
no no no
no no no no i'm jonathan no this can't
be happening no this is a bad dream
that's what it is wake up wake up wake
up wake up damn it no oh god okay okay
i'm not gonna freak out okay okay let's
think how did this happen okay we played
the game of life and then i went to bed
oh no it was that card it said we would
switch lives oh damn it okay okay okay
keep calm all i have to do is call karen
and we'll figure this out
what why is jonathan calling me
hello jonathan karen don't hang up you
say that every time jonathan you know
boyney doesn't like us talking with no
carrot it's not jonathan it's me
brooklyn guy oh no i'm not bowling for
that one again but again what do you
mean again the last time you said you
were boiny it's because you wanted me to
send you a nude what you did yes me and
minnie mouse is what you didn't tell me
that's what the hell minnie mouse okay
look that's not why i'm calling look me
and jonathan switched bodies oh no
you're not gonna get me with that one
either what he's tried this before no
karen it's really me it's brooklyn guy
bye jonathan no don't hang up oh god
this sucks karen doesn't believe me oh
and that explains the tissues ew oh oh
god they were in my mouth
[Music]
all right jonathan i got your breakfast
right here slaved over a hot stove it
lays potato chips and sour cream i ate a
little bit of them on the way in here
and also your flintstone vitamins so you
could grow up and be a big strong man
but i'm 30 years old mom but you'll
always be my baby boy won't you unlike
your older brother bookie that piece of
 now let's say that i hate brookie
pledge raise your hand raise your hand
god damn it now repeat after me i hate
brookie i uh that good for nothing piece
of doesn't even love his own mother
wanted to leave my house for some steak
and start a family whatever amen
but you won't leave me will you baby boy
you're my precious little baby boy that
piece of doesn't even know where he
wants to be he can't even make up his
own mind brookie's a failure he's a cop
and a doctor can't even make up his own
damn mind what a shame but you know
exactly what you want to be you want to
be mommy's baby boy forever let me pinch
them
no i'm just i'm not in the mood today
but you always love your tickle fights
well not today i'm just i'm not in the
mood all right well you know what i want
you to do i want you to run down to the
market and get me a pack of marble
blacks and a six pack of natural light
and also some bunion cream and come down
and rub me down because i've had a rough
day
okay i need to get the hell out of here
okay you know what i'm gonna call my old
phone and see if jonathan answers come
on answer answer you're me now just
answer my phone hello 9-1-1 this is
officer brooklyn guy what's your
emergency jonathan you don't answer your
cell phone as a 9-1-1 operator it's your
phone oh i'm sorry who is this it's your
brother oh my younger brother jonathan
how are you enjoying your miserable life
well i did wake up in a pile of tissues
oh that's funny i woke up next to a hot
babe yeah well i woke up next to six
dolls don't touch them especially nami
which one is nami the redhead she's a
virgin yeah you know i doubt that wait
wait does that mean the rest of them
aren't well what i do with my dogs is no
one else's business well i guess it is
your business now since you're me you
see the one with her legs up in the air
uh yeah freak
okay look mom just brought you your
breakfast of lay's potato chips and sour
cream oh she did that's my favorite
breakfast that's not breakfast your
cholesterol must be insane
did she bring the free stone vitamins
too yeah we just take that it kind of
reacts to cholesterol i don't think it
works like that but look that's not why
i'm calling i want my body back oh i
don't think that's gonna happen brooklyn
guy you see i'm better at being you than
you ask your wife no you did not touch
her you know what i really like looking
guy just had two of your butterfly above
her left butt sheet but how do you know
about that
well anyway i gotta get back to work the
police is really riding my butt
you know i gotta support this hot wife
see ya don't you hang up oh that is it i
am going to my house
daddy are you home early from work
daddy what are you doing in here no
karen it's not jonathan i'm brooklyn guy
jonathan get out of this house no karen
please just listen to me i know it
sounds crazy but i think me and jonathan
switched bodies we were playing the game
of life last night and we got that card
about switching lives and i think we did
jonathan if you don't get out of this
house i'm gonna be forced to call the
cops don't don't call the cops wait wait
yes call the cops i need to talk to him
okay i warned you i'm gonna call the
cops hey there's somebody called a cop
boyney your brother won't leave who let
my little we know
in here jonathan you know we switched
bodies oh what's wrong you're gonna go
into the mirror and cry about how small
your wiener is like you do every morning
or maybe you're tired of peeing your bed
every night jonathan you're just telling
on yourself
then why are you answering to jonathan
i'm not baby you want me to get rid of
this fool yes daddy oh and since when
did she call me daddy she calls me daddy
cause i know how to please a woman wait
so you and my wife oh yeah okay that's
it we're fighting you can't hit me i'm a
cop
oh
uncle we switch bodies
[Applause]
we played the game last night let's do
the call and we switched bodies that is
okay that's it that's it we are changing
back oh why are we having fun though no
we are changing back i just don't know
how to do it oh i know how
no jonathan we're not playing another
game with this card all i have to do is
put it down and then we reverse back
into each other's bodies
nothing's happening jonathan switchbot
is back
it's not working oh well you sending me
account actually something to the better
let's go karen karen before we switch
back i gotta do something real quick
no jonathan
i'm back in my own body baby it's me no
jonathan i'm not falling for it i'm
gonna go back to my husband until you
switch bodies back no it's really me
this time
oh man now i'm back in my stupid
psoriasis coupled body body i'm gonna be
with you forever till you switch back
bodies
yeah until we switch back bodies that
might take a long time karen no really
it's me we switched bodies back no we
didn't
[Music]