oh man Joseph I can't wait to fly my
mega Glide star I know dude it has a
19-inch wingspan you know this is going
far it's Gonna Fly For Miles oh yeah hey
guys you're looking at the smartest kid
in the country you mean the biggest nerd
in the Country Flame them bro no because
the governor of Florida just sent me
this letter telling me how smart I am
because I got a 36 on my ACT test you
got a 36 out of 100. dude that's failing
your ass you got an F Cody he probably
sent you this letter to make fun of you
no it's 36 out of 36. that's not how
tests work Cody it's 36 out of 100. you
got an F and you failed yeah you didn't
try dude no because I also got a 1600 on
my SAT test I'm just making up numbers
Cody that's not how they grade dude hey
Joseph I got a 2 billion on my test oh
that's so good but maybe next time
you'll get three billion
but no because they sent me this letter
saying that I was smart and they're
gonna have a special celebration for me
where they're gonna give me a medal what
they're not going to give you a medal
they're probably going to give you a you
tried metal because you got a 36 F on
your desk no guys it's gonna be a whole
ceremony and everything there's gonna be
a buffet and I can invite whoever I want
a buffet oh we can eat whatever we want
oh I could eat for days okay Cody well
go to your stupid dumb nerd event yeah
wait you guys aren't invited what we're
not invited no I mean I'm taking can oh
he just wanted to be him and Ken oh one
of those day things I guess well I am
also inviting Penelope what Penelope why
Penelope well I don't know we're friends
she's cool well you've only known her
for like a year you've known me and
Joseph like years yeah I don't know
she's nice I don't know well you don't
even know who she is why is she gonna go
your stupid event we want to go yeah I
don't know guys she's just cool I want
to bring her so you're gonna take Ken
and Penelope yeah and Patrick Patrick
come on why Patrick with the last video
he's even better why Patrick you don't
even talk to Patrick well just because
you don't see me talk to Patrick doesn't
mean I don't talk to Patrick when's the
last time you talked to Patrick like
three days ago on the phone show me your
call history show me you talked to
Patrick okay I don't really talk to
Patrick that much but he's cool I like
Patrick so you're gonna you're gonna
take Penelope and Patrick and Ken but
not your two best buds come on we sit on
the couch together yeah I mean I I'd
rather take them wait are you gonna take
your parents no definitely not they're
gonna cause a scene well you gotta you
won't you're not gonna take your parents
it doesn't make sense dude yeah so
you're gonna take Penelope who you don't
even really know you're gonna take
Patrick who you don't really even talk
to and you're gonna leave behind your
two Best Buds and your parents what well
sorry guys you're just not invited what
you're so stupid Cody you know how much
stuff we do for you I point out how many
pimples you have on your face so that
you can get them treated and that's your
nurse so we can humble you yeah and also
we tell you how fat your mom is so she
can go on a diet I only tell you your
mom is fat because I'm worried about her
health Cody I don't want her to die
who's here see guys this is exactly why
you're not invited I only really came to
show you guys how smart I am I have to
go get ready for my ceremony it's
tonight Joseph can you believe that can
you believe what Cody's doing I know
dude I really wanted to go to that
Buffet but let's put this plane instead
I don't want to find a stupid plan I
want to go to the event but we're not
invited dude but why isn't Cody inviting
us it doesn't make any sense we've been
his best friend for years wait a minute
I figured it out what is it because
we're black that's one of the reasons
yeah I knew it but he's only inviting
people whose names start with a P what
think about it think about it the two
people he invited is Penelope and
Patrick okay but what about Ken Ken's
not a real person ah I see so he's only
inviting people whose name start with a
P because he hates people whose name
start with a j he's a Jason he's a Jason
he's racist and people's names are with
a J because I'm Junior and you're Joseph
so we got to change our names to start
with a P how we're going
to go okay we just changed our names my
new name is officially puner and I am
posted and I told Cody to come over see
if he invites us oh yeah he better let
us in this time guys what do you want I
was getting ready for my ceremony I
gotta go hey Cody look at my new bib
with PR where did you get a job in
public relations no are you supporting
Puerto Rico it's not that either okay
then what is it me and Joseph changed
our names what what did you change your
names to I am poonier and I am posted
those are the stupidest names I've ever
heard well can poon your imposive come
to your event no I thought you're gonna
invite us to our name start with P now
yeah why would I do that because you're
Jason what the hell is it Jason you're
racist to people whose name start with J
what are you talking about look you
invited Penelope and you invited Patrick
so we changed our names to start with a
P because you were only inviting people
with peas that's not why I didn't invite
you guys then why'd you invite us I
don't know I just didn't want to you
don't want us to go no I don't well what
if we show up anyway well then I'm gonna
have security escort you out because
you're not invited you just don't want
us there yes exactly I don't so I'm
gonna go finish getting ready for my
ceremony leave me alone oh Cody I hate
you dude that's so Jason's of him yeah
he's Jason's and he's Paces now oh I
gotta figure out what this is you know
what I'm gonna call Patrick over and
maybe Patrick can tell us what's really
going on yeah he better hey guys I lost
my shoes I probably need them for Cody's
ceremony I don't want to go barefoot
unless I'm Tarzan Tarzan is cool but
then I have to take my shirt off Tarzan
was raised by monkeys did you know that
I think I was raised by monkeys because
I'm pretty good at climbing I like
bananas all right listen Patrick we want
to find out is that a mega Glide store
yeah yeah dude and it has a 19-inch
wingspan and it has dual flight mode
high durability if I wanted to do his
handball yeah wait you can read that
from way back there yeah I have contact
lenses they're like these little
stickers that you put in your eye to
make your eyes see better at least
that's what my mommy says except
sometimes I forget to take them out and
then I go behind my eyeball and the
doctor has to pop my eye out of its
socket to get it back out all right
Patrick you can leave okay dude why did
you make him leave because I just
figured out why Cody didn't invite us
what why because we don't wear glasses
wait that doesn't make sense dude no
think about it Cody wears glasses
Penelope wears glasses Patrick doesn't
wear glasses dude he wears contacts
Cody is a bad visionist he is racist to
people with bad Vision he knows my left
eye is not that good my two dude so if
we wear glasses then he'll think that
we're like him and he'll invite us yeah
let's go
all right postiv we now have perfect
vision because of our glasses you're
right poonier we look so sophisticated I
called Cody and said come over really
quick guys what do you want my ceremony
starts in 30 minutes I don't have time
to keep coming over here what is this me
and positive now have glasses okay great
and so do you like them well did you
guys even need glasses I mean our vision
wasn't perfect before but now it is
don't you like wearing glasses no I only
wear these because I have to oh well you
know me and postiv will be able to see
you better get your award with these
glasses you guys are still not invited
but what we're not invited still but no
it's the glasses you're only inviting
people wearing glasses but what are you
talking about Penelope wears glasses
Patrick doesn't he wears contacts I
didn't even know that yes you did you
just don't want us there guys that's not
why I didn't invite you know stop
bothering me I have to get ready oh my
God I realize what it is what is it dude
it's not the glasses it's not the name
what could it be he's only inviting
people that are gay not gay seriously
what Penelope isn't
using game how do you know have you ever
seen it with a man you're right dude
yeah and every time I try to kiss her
she goes ew no a girl that doesn't like
a guy she likes girls she's gay yeah she
would totally take that kiss dude yeah
so she's a lesbian and Patrick's gay
because like Patrick we never seen him
with a girl either and he was talking
about Tarzan tarz is a half naked man
what's he doing watching Tarzan Jesus
you're right dude and Cody's gay himself
so he's only inviting gay people so me
and you need to be gay for each other
Jesus how are we gonna do this I got an
idea come on okay post if we have our
gay pride button so when Cody gets here
we have that really gay he's on his way
I got you bro guys I'm on my way to my
ceremony right now what do you want look
at my
ass that is very nice man I sure love me
some man butt yep me too yeah me too so
Cody me and posa are now gay we're a gay
couple what are you guys talking about
you're not gay you've never been gay oh
well starting today we're gay because
postiv was peeing in the bathroom and I
opened the door and I saw him ping and I
saw his wiener and I said don't put that
thing away that's kind of hot yep and I
saw that he saw my wiener and I said yo
that's hot yeah so I grabbed his wiener
and then he grabbed mine it just
couldn't let go yeah we held on to each
other's wieners like 30 minutes yeah it
has to be a gay record or something that
does sound pretty gay oh because we are
so gay look at our gay buttons I got the
gay flag well the fact that you called
it the gay flag makes me think you're
not really gay well oh look at Joseph's
I mean poses gay pro he's proud for for
being gay yep so proud for penis dude
you don't even know we love Venus yep so
much and look at this look Pride it
makes a family so we can we can't have
kids because we're gay but we can adopt
because two guys can't make a kid I'm
not sure I believe this I'm gonna need
you guys to prove it oh how do you want
us to prove it we got all the gay
buttons in the in the gay you guys
should kiss
oh dude see now I'm gonna need you to do
it with tongue oh but we've done so much
gay kissing today yeah we had a gay
makeout session like five minutes ago
and oh my tongue is just so tired from
sore from being gay yeah just do it one
more time
I need to go to that event just open
your mouth
gross so you're not really gay oh no
we're gay yeah it's okay it's just his
tongue tastes like my balls yeah yeah
yeah I have ball breath I haven't
brushed my teeth today yeah you ever
taste your own bald yuck well we'll talk
about this after I get back from my
event after we get back from your event
you guys are still not coming
for no reason that was tongue dude you
guys were gay okay I was just kidding I
want to go to the event I thought you
were only inviting gay people what are
you talking about Penelope is gay no
she's not Patrick's gay no he's not well
they I've never seen them with another
person can we please just go to the
event please I just want to go on the
buffet Buffet no guys I have to go to
the event before I'm late
oh I hate him you know what I'm taking
off all this ridiculous crap yeah or
changing my name back to Junior and
Joseph yeah Joseph and we're gonna crash
the event let's go let's do it oh hey
Penelope I don't have a shirt on because
I'm Tarzan hello and welcome to the Cody
not kiss ceremony we are gathered here
today to celebrate how smart Cody is for
getting a perfect score on his act and
sat tests so I will be presenting him
with this medal there you go you're
smart you can put it on your own damn
self thank you Mr Governor this is such
an honor uh yeah thank you everybody I
guess I'll give a speech uh It Ain't
Easy Being Cheesy that's quoting the
great Chester Cheetah who happens to be
here today thank you Chester I'd just
like to thank all of my friends who came
out today for uh supporting me and
believing that I could be this smart I'd
also just like to say hey Cody you
didn't think your actual Fringe a nurse
yeah stupid nerve yeah yeah I know you
got that metal for being smart but you
actually got that metal for having the
fattest mom hey she's a whale dude yeah
a super fat mom having himself is what
you are yeah she's a humpback whale yeah
a big fat one and also those pimples on
your face yeah you can connect the dots
and it would spell fat pepperoni face
ass yes dumb yeah you don't want to
invite your real friend you want to
invite these fake people we're your real
friends nerd loser fat idiot Junior
Joseph this is exactly why I didn't
invite you guys you guys are digs that
was mean I think we heard his feelings
dude I don't care he hurt our feelings
but he didn't invite us to this stupid
event where's the buffet there is no
Buffet I was looking for the Cheetos man
so it's not even a buffet why'd we even
come oh no come on Joe let's leave yeah
oh wow I didn't know they gave you a
medal for being the biggest crybaby guys
do not see how mean you just were you
ruined my whole event we only did I did
that because you didn't
know if you would have invited us we
would have been on our best behavior but
since you didn't invite us we acted like
that yeah you guys were already mean
before you even knew I didn't invite you
listen Cody friends bully friends okay
we make fun of you because
it's aren't you dude that's what we're
trying to do you guys just wanted to
come to the event because you wanted the
buffet which wasn't even there because I
made that up to make you guys jealous
Cody even if there would have been a
buffet we know your fat ass mom would
have ate all the food so listen we only
came there because we wanted to support
you you didn't invite us we're supposed
to be friends we're best buds you know
you know what we did to try to go we
changed our names for you we wore
glasses for you we turned gay for you
totally gay yeah we were just trying to
make you happy we wanted to be there for
you because you're a best friend you
didn't invite us you know how much it
hurts us yeah I guess you're right so we
want an apology for not coming to your
stupid nerd thing we want you to
apologize for not inviting us right now
okay fine I'm sorry I didn't invite you
because you guys are oh he
really meant it dude I think he truly
means it all right Cody next stupid
event you better invite us we'll see we
gotta we'll see I like that yeah all
right Cody We're Not Gonna apologize to
you for anything because we didn't do
anything wrong at all because if you run
a red light and then we hit you we
didn't do anything wrong you're the one
who caused this so you caused all this
by not inviting us but we will let you
throw this plane first oh okay yeah
throw it over there as fast you can
what are you American Airlines flight
191 wait what it's a plane that crashed
in the 70s oh why did you just know that
I know I know a lot of plane crash stuff
that's weird
[Music]