all right craft happy New Year the year
is 2024 and my New Year's resolution is
to be a better person I'm going to go on
a diet so no more eating cat and dog be
free kitty cat I'm only going to eat
sushi and rice all right craft so take
out a piece of paper and write down your
New Year's resolution my New Year's
resolution is to start brushing my teeth
every day [ __ ] finally your teeth more
yellowed than SpongeBob I know I just
hate doing it you know I wake up every
morning and gargle an entire can of
Mountain Dew Cody you got to stop doing
that it's bad for your teeth I know dude
all it takes is 2 minutes to brush your
teeth two whole minutes Joseph what's
your New Year's resolution well my New
Year's resolution is to stop wearing my
hat backwards so white people will be
less afraid of me I think you look
really spiffy Joseph dude I hate it I
just want to be a gangster my New Year's
resolution is not to date crappy guys
who cheat on me I didn't mean to cheat
on you Penelope so you accidentally
kissed another girl listen my New Year's
resolution is to never cheat on you if
you take me back no Junior you cheated
on me well what if I kidnap you and make
you date me you know my dad's a cop
right please take me back please no
Junior go away I'm going home Junior we
have school you can't just
leave hey Junior we left school Jesus
Junior okay Junior we left school when
you did and the teacher didn't care yeah
I didn't feel like doing homework anyway
dude but why had a long face Bud guys I
want Penelope be back well Junior you're
the one who cheated on her I know but I
made a mistake and there should be a
three three strike rule I only have one
strike yeah I agree dude yeah well
unfortunately girls don't just forget
Cody can you make a forget Ray and we
shoot Penelope with it and she'll forget
that I ever cheated on her I mean I
could do that but that's not the title
of the video is it Junior you're right I
mean I do have one idea to get her back
I could kidnap her but she doesn't know
it's me and then I go save her and
she'll be in love with me cuz I saved
her ooh a dancel in distress I mean that
could work but you did just yell what if
I kidnap you and make you my girlfriend
in front of the entire class even if you
yeah you could though but okay okay
Joseph yeah that's fine just talk over
me I'm sorry dude my bad I thought you
no no that's fine clearly what you had
to say was way more important no no no I
apologize no no that's fine you already
knew what I was going to say so I guess
I'll just sit here and go [ __ ] myself no
just finish your talk you tell them what
you're going to say it's fine no no I
mean like IIT I'm done talking you you
can talk come on Cody say what you're
going to say no no Joseph wants you to
talk I mean I forgot what I was going to
say now yeah Cody say it no no I'm fine
nobody wants to listen to me anyway Cody
yes we want to listen what were you
going to say no no it doesn't matter I
don't matter Cody come on just say it no
come on please being difficult yeah just
say real quick okay what I was going to
say is that even if you kidnpped who
want snacks I want snacks me me me me oh
great I guess you guys weren't listening
anyway that's fine oh come on Cody
finish what you were going to say no no
Enjoy your snacks I'll be over here
[ __ ] myself I was just trying to
bring in some food you can finish what
you were saying no no finish [ __ ]
myself cuz you guys want to have snacks
come on Cody say what you were going to
say no Enjoy your snacks I'll be over
here it's not that deep I'm just trying
to bring in food come on finish your
thought no no I don't even want to talk
anymore you guys have fun over there
come on Cody we're going to listen we'll
all be quiet we're going to listen no no
I don't even want to talk anymore come
on Cody please listen I really want to
hear what you got to say we want to hear
what you to say right here right yeah
okay what I was going to say is if you
even do kidnap her you're going have
anybody seen my remote [ __ ] me never
mind I guess I'm just going to go home
cuz nobody wants to listen to Cody no
Cody please stay we want to hear what
you got to say no cuz if you wanted to
hear what I had to say you'd stop
interrupting me no come on dad you want
to hear what Cody's got to say right uh
yeah of course honestly I just want my
remote well come on everyone's got to
listen to Cody right shf peee oh yeah I
took a seat I want to hear it yeah
Joseph you want to hear right yeah
douche SP yeah come on Cody just say
what you got to say no no I'm I'm going
to stay quiet I'm going to stay right
here and I'm not going to say anything
for the rest of the video no come on
Cody please say it dude come on nope not
talking nope come on Cody please look my
dad just was looking for his remote yeah
just wanted a remote watch what's we got
to say no you don't want to hear
anything I have to say all right Dad
Chef peipi leave whatever and close the
door behind you and lock it so no one
else interrupts Cody yeah all right
we're leaving see Cody look my dad and
Chef peipi left they locked the door so
no one can interrupt you so please
finish what you were going to
say okay what I was going to say junior
is you just yelled out I'm going to
kidnap you and make you be my girlfriend
so if you actually do kidnap
her Joseph I swear to [ __ ] God my bad
dude I just had a sweet tooth please
finish what you going to say please Cody
we don't have time for this please
Junior I want to go home no no please
the snacks the snacks are gone right
right Joseph yeah yeah it's gone yeah
put throw them on the floor really yes
okay okay Junior you just said I'm going
to kidnap you and make you my girlfriend
so if you actually do kidnap Penelope
you're going to be the prime suspect see
I thought about that I thought about
that yeah that that's a good a good idea
Cody yeah good thinking a good idea Cody
way to use your noodle yeah you're a
thinker yeah yeah thanks so listen I've
thought of that and here's my alibi so
you and Joseph will kidnap Penelope for
me and then I'll be sitting here live
streaming fortnite so if the cops think
it's me I can say know look at my live
stream I was playing fortnite but what
about our Alibi we weren't streaming
fortnite yeah I'm not going to jail for
Penelope listen guys no they'll never
think it was you I'm not helping you
kidnap I know okay how about this how
about this how about I have a
pre-recorded video of all three of us
playing fortnite and I'll put on live
stream so it looks like we were
streaming and then all three of us can
go kidnap Penelope no I'm still not
helping you do this it's not good enough
dude oh you know what well you better
help me Cody or else I'm going to leak
this really bad video of you that I have
on my phone what video let me go show
you all right Cody Press Play okay hello
my name is Cody nutkiss and my mom is a
huge fat whale a colossal fat [ __ ] a
huge o built [ __ ] and also I like women
women please love me Ken is a doll I
love junior junior is the coolest junior
is the most awesome junior is great well
I didn't say any of that yeah I used AI
to duplicate your voice but Junior if
you upload that my mom's going to hear
it I'm going to be grounded cuz she
doesn't understand technology I
understand so you better help me kidnap
Penelope or I'm uploading that video
okay dang he got your ass Cody and
Joseph if you don't help me I'm going to
use AI to make you say that you like
Trump all right all right you got me how
help all right guys let's put on ski
mask and go kidnap Penelope and then
we'll Tire to a tree and then I'll go
save her later bully you're so good at
riding that yeah I know can I get a turn
no this is my two can but you can ride
that ducky though bully you're so
funny guys look there's Penelope Dam she
loving the Ops how she fall in love with
the Enemy wow Junior she already moved
on to bully no guys stick to the plan
she's going to love me but what are we
going to do about bully okay here's the
plan Joseph you're going to choke bully
with your rope oh okay and me and Cody
we're going to grab Penelope but don't
use your real voice we don't want her to
know it's us all right Governor he's a
cheeky blo then come on guys hi bully
can we go to the movies now you're
paying Cy M come over here what up don't
do Elmo's voice wake out of me what are
you doing stay right there and don't
move how would she move if she's TG to
the tree well don't try to move or we'll
kill you help me someone help help all
right Cody Penelope's tied to the tree
in a few hours I'll go save her and
she'll be all mine great plan Junior
help help Joseph you brought bully back
to my house yeah dude I thought we was
going to torture his ass no we never
discussed that but I was going to stapiz
is his sh so he can never see your
girlfriend again Jesus Joseph nobody was
supposed to get hurt that this plan was
foolproof but you're taking all the fun
out dude wait Junior Joseph Cody damn
don't say damn that that makes them
think that that's really us uh no we're
not Junior Joseph and Cody junior he
knows it's us yeah now we got to kill
his ass yeah now we got to murder you
since you know who we are please don't
kill me no too late we got to kill you
wait I got an idea guys guys why don't
we frame the whole kidnapping on him oh
man I didn't think you were going that
way with that yeah think about this see
he was the last person that was around
penelopi so we can say that we saw him
with Penelope last and then when the
cops go looking we frame him like we put
something that like shows that was him
and then he goes to jail cuz they're
going to believe the three of us over
him three against one right yeah yeah
good plan all right so go throw him in
the closet while we call the cops and
frame him all right Governor yeah go go
hey there somebody called the cops yes
officer my girlfriend's missing wait a
minute aren't you dating my daughter
yeah but we broke up and now she's
missing well that's kind of a red flag
I'm starting to think you had something
to do with it oh no no no there's no way
I kidnapped your daughter because we
were too busy live streaming fortnite
Junior we never played fortnite oh my
God I forgot that part of the plan wait
so you just lied to me no no no we were
going to live stream fortnite but
someone didn't remind me okay so what
were you doing instead of playing
fortnite uh we all went to the park and
that's where we saw Penelope with this
guy named Bully and I think he may have
kidnapped her why do you think he
kidnapped her I don't know it just seems
like something he would do dude I threw
Billy in the closet excuse me uh he
threw the umbrella in the closet yeah
yeah the umbrella cuz you know it's not
raining today no it's not raining yeah
that's why we put the umbrella in the
closet okay so you're telling me this
bully kid kidnapped my daughter yeah I I
saw him dragging her into the forest
with rope and you didn't think to call
me then well I thought they were playing
jump rope well typically when you play
jump rope you jump over the Rope you
don't drag people with it that's why
it's called jump rope listen I was just
in shock I think bully may have
kidnapped her but I'm going to go for a
jog bye well you can't just leave I I
think you should let him jog he might
find her help help I'm going to die out
here go on on my daily jog through the
woods like I do every day what Junior
what Penelope are you tied to a tree yes
Junior please untie me quick before they
come back I don't know I don't know if I
want to untie you since you were hanging
out with bully earlier wait how do you
know I was hanging out with bully I
don't know just someone told me I guess
Junior please untie me quick will you
love me forever if I save you yes Junior
I will please untie me please oh okay I
don't know who would do this to
you I found her in the woods it's a
miracle Dad Dad Dad three men in Mas
kidnapped me and tied me to a tree three
so it wasn't that bully kid huh no bully
was with me and he was kidnapped too I
see so three people kidnpped you and
Bully yes and are you and Junior still
together well we weren't we were broken
up but now we're back together because
he saved me uh-huh so are you sure he
didn't kidnap you himself and then save
you to try to win you back no he's not
that smart yeah I'm not that I would not
think of that okay well if they didn't
kidnap you we got to find the real
kidnappers can you describe them
Penelope well one had a really deep
voice one was British and one sounded
like Elmo yeah I do a pretty mean Elmo
impression Cody don't brag that you can
sound like Elmo all I'm saying is if the
voice actor for Elmo ever dies they
could hire me well he doesn't know the
producers of Sesame Street he can't get
you hired you don't know you don't know
his connections you do a pretty good
Elmo huh oh yeah check this
outo want you know that he did not
kidnap your daughter what wow that just
sounded like him yeah it's like El right
there in the room with you this [ __ ]
well listen we did not kidnap panel
because we don't even own robber outfits
okay well then do you mind if I go check
your laundry
room okay I'm going to go check your
laundry room Junior that's where we put
the outfits I'm going to think of a
lie what well well well look what I
found three robber outfits in your
laundry room oh come on these aren't
mine yeah well guess what else I found
this kid in your closet beating on the
door and screaming for help your Joseph
and Cody kidnapped me oh come on officer
don't you think it's a little strange
that you found three robber outfits in
my laundry room and you also found him
tied up in a closet yeah it is strange
it's almost like you guys did it no
there's no way we did it don't you think
that maybe he hired three people to
kidnap him and Penelope to make it look
like he wouldn't have done it and also
he put the three robber outfits in my
laundry room before he tied himself up
and put himself in my closet to make it
look like I did it h that seems like a
lot of work it sounds like the perfect
CR doesn't it I mean kind of yeah Cody
doesn't seem like that could happen yeah
yeah totally Joseph does that seem like
it happened yeah yeah and I think it
happened so that's 3v1 three votes
against one he's the guilty one he goes
to jail H it is three against one that
is how voting works okay kid you're
going to jail what yeah come on I can't
believe bully would do that I know he's
such an [ __ ] but we're back together
right yes junior thank you for saving
me bye I'll talk to you
later guys Bully's still in jail I don't
care He's a Bully he deserves it he's
literally a bully that's his
name Joseph can you please put your hat
back on backwards thank you God yeah you
look like Tiger Woods or something
[Music]