Bon come on let's go to bed no I'm
watching TVs Bonnie why do you need
three televisions well because Karen I
was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 30 so
I need constant stimulation see on the
big TV there's a hurricane that might
hit us so if the videos are rushed this
week that's why but I'm keeping my eye
on that and then on the top right TV I'm
watching a plane crash documentary and
on the bottom right TV I'm watching Max
keble's big move all on mute by the way
because I like to use my imagination
don't do it Max what if you don't move
Bonnie I'm turning off the TVs what all
of them can't I at least watch too I
want to see if this plane crashes and I
want to see if Max moves Bo come on
every day you get home from work and all
you do is sit here and watch television
let's go to bed
gay so Bo what do you want to
do dancing Bo what are you doing I'm
watching Tik toks Karen you know if they
had Tik Tok when I was a teenager I
would have I don't know I would have
done something I know I would Bo get off
your phone and pay attention to me why
because I want a cuddle Bo well Karen
you know we can't cuddle with Tom
Brady's last football in the way bnie I
don't know why you love this football so
much well do I need to explain it for
the 50th time please don't well I will
because this is the last football that
Tom Brady ever threw as a patriot and
yes it got intercepted and ran back for
a touchdown and he lost I'm talking
generational pants [ __ ] Karen but
still I was there I saw it h that
doesn't make any sense good night Karen
can't we just move in for one night no
good night
football Bo turn your phone off it's
it's bedtime people have phones car and
they watch them when they go to
[Music]
sleep okay Sakaya is this the right
house I think so okay let's break in and
take everything they got
okay I can't believe they don't have
door stop I don't expect to to K it open
sh there might be people sleeping you
need to be quiet you're going the door
sh don't shush me I going to shush your
you shush just be quiet let's
go zaka look we hit the jackpot three
TVs in their living room they're rich oh
[ __ ] herur coming oh [ __ ] we should put
up our shutters we don't have shutters
and we still their oh good idea I think
we should take all three TVs I agree I
think it'll look great in our apartment
oh oh oh look at this couch the guy I
remember last week you tell me you
wanted three SE great couch yes just
like at Rooms the Go In Color oh he's
perfect if only they hit the matching
love
seat oh matching love SE oh it's
literally what you wanted oh coffee
table coffee table is that St hug just
like you were looking at on Facebook
Marketplace oh the only thing we're
missing for our Dream living room is
aqua green lamp
oh aqua
green oh we should steal whole house I
think we should steal whole house let's
go damn Karen we need a new mattress
this one's so hard wait a minute the
football's gone Karen Karen wake
upy Karen Tom Brady's last football is
gone why it's fine you prob just threw
it in your sleep no I didn't it was
right there
look bunny I know the football's gone
bunny on mattress is gone oh yeah that's
gone too quick turn on the light
okay the whole room is empty oh my God
we must have been Rob hold on I'll check
the rest of the house Karen my three TVs
are gone Bo all our furniture was gone
but Karen my three TVs how am I going to
watch Mex people's big move watch flame
crash documentaries and track a
hurricane all at the same time boy
all our furniture is gone oh my aqua
green lamp oh I'm going to call the cops
I got a call 911 oh my other phone's
ringing I wonder who that could be hello
911 what's your emergency yes my house
just just been robbed everything's gone
okay sir calm down do you know who did
it no but they took everything please
send somebody right away okay sir we'll
have an officer right out to you oh my
god thank you so much Karen I called the
cops wait Bo aren't you the cops well
come on Karen I think the cops are here
hello oh thank God the cops cops are
here Bo there's no one there what are
you talking about Karen the office is
standing right there just keep looking
what hey there somebody call the cops Bo
you did call the cops right bie stop it
hey yeah I called the cops we got robbed
they took
everything oh do you know who did it B
knock it off yeah you're right this
joke's getting old Anyway come on inside
okay wow they really did take everything
huh yeah officer they really cleaned
this out Bo cut it out okay Karen but I
don't know what to do I'm the only cop B
just take what you know and make an
assessment H who would Rob us do we have
any enemies I don't everybody loves me
I'm a lovely person a lot of people hate
me I do have a lot of enemies huh who
would Rob us they took my three TVs and
my Tom Brady football who would want to
do that you what you hated my TVs in my
football because I gave them more
attention than you but bu how would I
take all our furniture huh okay well I
got my eye on you well as you see my TVs
are replaceable but my football's not so
who would want to steal that Tom Brady
what yeah he hates that football of
course he'd want to take it it makes
perfect sense and he stole everything
else to cover up that he was stealing
the football Bo that's ridiculous he
wouldn't do that he deflated footballs
to win games Karen he's smart and he
makes out with his son I don't really
know the motive for that maybe he's just
[ __ ] weird but I'm going to go
interrogate but B no oh it's so boring
there's nothing to do where am I hello
Tom or do you prefer Thomas Tom's fine
well do you know why you're here Tom is
this cuz I went to a diddy party oh you
did well no I guess we're going to find
out about that later but no have you
ever robbed anyone Tom Rob
gronowski yeah that is a guy whose name
is Rob but no I mean have you ever
stolen anything well I stole the other
team's place okay well that's cheating
Tom but no I mean have you ever broken
into someone's house and taken something
that didn't belong to you no oh really
well have you ever had anything taken
from you like maybe your ex-wife W yeah
that's right Tom I'm going there and I'm
going to keep showing you this picture
of your ex-wife being uncomfortably
close to Antonio Brown until you tell me
what I want to know I don't know
anything I swear oh really because
somebody broke into my house and they
stole the last football you ever threw
as a patriot the one that was
intercepted and run back for a touchdown
why would you bring that up because I
was there Tom and I remember it like it
was just
yesterday come on Brady you can win just
got to throw a 100 y touchdown you can
pull that off and it was in intercepted
yep oh yeah there it is that's that be
cool to have that ball one day though
yeah it happened right in front of me
and I have that ball now or at least I
did until you stole it I didn't steal it
I swear so you're not going to talk huh
okay No More Mr Nice cop it's time for
Mr naughty cop what are you doing with
that
chapstick Puck her up Tom I'm going to
kiss you until you tell me the truth oh
no I don't want you to kiss
me woo hey boy how was interrogating Tom
Brady well he is definitely innocent he
definitely didn't Rob us good kisser
though what nothing hey maybe I should
interrogate Tom Brady no I don't think
you're really his type well who's next
on your suspect list Bo let's see who
else would want to Rob us oh I know
Jonathan what your brother yeah think
about it Karen he's jealous of me he
wants to be me maybe he thinks if he
steals all of our furniture and all my
stuff you'll leave me for him you know
what that one actually makes sense yeah
that's right to my mom's house bonie are
you going to drive I thought we were
going to do like a transition with my
face and it was going going to be like
you know bonie just drive okay I think
that's enough for today hey Jonathan how
long have you been in my room I think I
got here right on time well I was
looking at the anime girls what I did it
okay look I just have a few questions
well listen the paper tow roll was an
experiment but the Hulk he feels really
good no not about that did you break
into my house and steal all my stuff
does it look like I broke into your
house and stole all your stuff no not
really but I thought like maybe you were
jealous of me jealous of you do you see
what I'm working with here yeah you're
35 living with mom banging The
Incredible Hulk you're really living the
dream here yeah because he probably
feels like the real thing look I'm sorry
I came you did wow you didn't even touch
him no Jesus Jonathan I'm leaving Bo how
was interrogating your brother my
brother is a very sick man oh no does he
have the flu no what he has is much
worse cancer
I I don't know what's wrong with him
well who's next on your suspect list Bo
who else would want to Rob us
[Music]
H my ex-wife oh no yeah but do I really
want to go talk to
her no no no I don't but Marvin Marvin
you think Marvin stole that stuff no I
really don't but I'm out of leads and
usually when I go over to his house
something happens so to Marvin house Bo
you still got to drive
[ __ ] damn I'm coming hello get up
against the wall why'd you rob me what
[ __ ] I didn't rob you I was afraid
you'd say that can I come in and talk
you already are inside oh yeah you're
right to the red
couch so what's going on it's 1:00 a.m.
well me and my wife went to sleep about
an hour ago and when we woke up we found
somebody broke into our house and stole
all our stuff stole all your stuff yeah
all of it like my three TVs why do you
have three TVs oh you sound just like my
wife yes my three TVs my couch that
football that's sitting right there next
to you my who Marvin you're under arrest
for what for stealing all my stuff well
no I didn't steal this I bought this on
Facebook Marketplace an hour ago what
were you doing on Facebook Marketplace
this late well I like to buy knicknacks
knicknacks how much did you pay for this
thing like $100 $100 Jesus [ __ ] you
can't even afford your mortgage and
you're buying $100 footballs we can't
even afford to buy me new shoes well
look I bought a copy of Max keble's big
move for $2 $2 what a steal Marvin I
would say that's the max amount of
keable you can get for $2 what a big
move I know I couldn't believe it it was
so cheap well okay well what did the
guys that sold you this stuff look like
H well they were wearing black black no
no no they were white wearing black oh
well do you have their phone number I do
have their phone number let me get it
for you all right I'm going to call them
and give them a piece of my mind okay I
already di the number it's ringing
thanks Marvin hey there hey there you
[ __ ] remember me I'm the one you stole
the mattress out from Wonder oh you
don't like Max keble's Big Move come
again oh you don't like the max keable
oh Marvin you dialed the wrong number
this is the max keble guy oh well no I
actually love Max keble's big move but I
am wondering why you sold it for only $2
that's a really small price for such a
big move ah you know I just got tired of
watching it over and over again what
tired of watching Max keable but it's
laugh out loud funny sir I just simply
don't understand you goodbye all right
Marvin Give me the real number I'm sorry
it's the other number hold on okay
that's the right number hey [ __ ] has
my couch oh zaka the guy We R he on the
phone well tell him he's not getting his
furniture back we found a perfect
panting to piece it all together I
didn't tell him we were going to give
him his furniture back well you better
not power bottoms am I right listen man
I just want my TVs back the three TVs
that we put in the living room we are
watching mix keable Big Move On One plan
crash documentary on another and on the
big one we're watching live update on
the hurricane oh you living the dream
that's what I want to do wait what's the
hurricane doing oh it it coming straight
for us a [ __ ] yeah speaking of you may
want to get new hurricane shutters look
can I just have my furniture back no
rooms the go doesn't deliver till
December what do we supposed to sleep on
the floor well now I have to sleep on
the floor yeah well you better sleep on
the floor because if you come back to
try and get it from us then we will slay
you like pig dog or we will bend you
over and make you power bottom okay on
second thought you can have it thank you
what's going on I'm not getting that
furniture back but that's fine all I
really wanted was the football it's the
only thing that's not replaceable but I
bought it for $100 so Finders Keepers
yeah well buying stolen property is
illegal so I could arrest you so if you
don't mind I'm going to be taking my
football and I'm going to be taking Max
keble's Big Move actually I'm going to
stay here and watch Max keble's big move
because I don't have a TV or a couch at
home and my wife's going to [ __ ] that I
didn't get our furniture back and I'm
going to watch an airplane documentary
on your phone and what is that hurricane
doing
[Music]