Marvin we need to wake Jeffy up so he
can have breakfast before school you're
right Jeffy get in here marins they
removed angu off the syrup bottle what
ant jumu the lady that was on the syrup
bottle she ain't that no more Marvin I
think he's talking about how they took
ant Jima off the bottle oh they did that
like 2 years ago douge why' they do that
because they said syrup was racist or
something well I don't know who know P
millon company but I'mma have to use Mrs
Butters Works cuz she got the fat ass
well then use that then all right Jeffy
get in here hey Danny can I wear my
highest [ __ ] frog icy school today no
Jeffy why because you're going to
distract the class well they don't have
to look at me take them off Jeffy now
did you eat breakfast no but can I drink
this entire bottle of syrup for
breakfast no why you never let me do
anything fun all you do is say no he
kind of has a point Marvin you do say no
a lot he keeps asking to do stupid [ __ ]
well Marvin I have an idea the other day
I was at the thrift store and I found
this coin it says yes on one side and no
on the other side so from now on instead
of you just saying no all the time we
can flip it for the answer that's the
stupidest idea I've ever heard I like
that idea mommy can I wear my high as
[ __ ] frog icy school today I don't know
Jeffy let's see it says no you can't
wear it darn it I like this idea that
was a good idea Baby thank you mommy can
I drink this entire bottle of syrup for
breakfast I don't
know it says
yes
me oh Jeffy that's disgusting
all right Jeffy now that you're going to
die of diabetes you have to go to school
well let's get the coin can I skip
school today you can't skip school now
Marvin we have to flip the coin to see
what it says skipping school should be
off limits Jeffy it said yes you can
skip school yay I love this coin now
Daddy what have you had for breakfast
nothing well kind make you a milkshake
and no matter what I put in it you have
to drink it no
coin yes drink up [ __ ] all right Chef
jeffy's going to make my daddy a healthy
breakfast milkshake we're going to start
off with one egg also some garlic oh
yeah definitely mayonnaise that's
breakfast oh yeah harder harder oh yeah
make me mayonnaise everywhere daddy oh
yeah all right and then now some
[Applause]
mustard and then also some chili
beans oh yeah looks like poop all right
and then obviously green beans because
my daddy makes me eat green beans all
the time and then some corn oh yeah
that's going to come out of his poop
later and then some toilet paper
whenever he's done going to the bathroom
he can wipe and then obviously don't
forget some Pepto Bisal just in case he
gets
sick all right and then we're going to
top it off with some oat
milk all right let's get this baby on
the
[Laughter]
road oh yeah my Daddy's going to love
this but I feel like it's missing
something
H oh a
cactus put that
there all right it's perfect now let's
take it to Daddy all right daddy or her
up your breakfast milkshake is ready
bone Apple titties wait what's in this
diarrhea what no I'm just kidding but
there is toilet paper in there what's
that blue thing Cactus I'm not drinking
a milkshake with a cactus in it Jeffy
but Daddy the coin said that you had to
drink it and I even got you a
Chuck-E-Cheese straw no I don't care
what the coin says I'm not going to
drink your disgusting throw up milkshake
I don't have to do it I don't care what
the coin says I don't have to do
it what are you I am the blood hole
Goblin I'm here to stop plot holes from
ending the video too early plot holes
what plot holes the milkshake Corin you
have to drink the milkshake no I don't I
don't have to do what that stupid coin
tell me to do yes you do because the
coin is
cursed what the coin is cursed where'd
you get the coin I got it from the
thrift store a cursed thrift store
everything in there is cursed except for
the
prices okay so how is the coin cursed
well you must do everything the coin
tells you for 15 no 20 questions or else
you and all your loved ones will be
thrown in a pit of Hell to burn until
your flesh Falls from your bones oh oh
oh oh and the only person that can ask
the questions is Jeffy because he asked
the first
question okay Jeffy hurry up and ask me
questions like did I fart have I blink
no the questions have to be a task like
you have to do something and it has to
be
funny okay so Jeffy ask me a question no
oh drink the milkshake first Marvin I'll
be
watching oh my God this is so why is it
happening to me why did you have to go
to a curse thrift store I'm sorry okay
let me let me try to drink this
milkshake oh God I couldn't stop
throwing up that was the worst milkshake
ever you want another one no no no oh
thank God it said no oh darn I really
wanted to make you another milkshake
daddyy all right Jeffy hurry up and ask
some questions all right can I shave off
your mustache and turn you into a girl
no no
[Laughter]
no all right d now you look all pretty
pretty Marvin you look terrible okay I
don't look that bad it's pretty bad
Danny what are your pronouns cuz now you
get to put them on Facebook and
Instagram and act like people give a
[ __ ] look everyone just stop looking at
me Jeffy ask another question all right
Daddy can we TP the neighbor's house
with toilet paper let's see if if you
guys are committing a crime
tonight yes oh well I actually don't
like the neighbors so let's go do it
Jeffy then okay Jeffy we're going to
throw toilet paper all over their house
to be really quiet okay okay I'm going
to go
first ha see look there's toilet paper
all over their house you go now all
right run hold on honey I'm going to go
check and see what was banging on the
garage door sounded like a
raccoon toilet paper now who would be
handing out free toilet paper in this
ecy now wait just a darn second did
someone try TP in my house those damn
Hooligans I'm going to go ask the
neighbor and see if they saw anything oh
Mommy it's wild it's crazy in this [ __ ]
we tpd the whole house the whole house
is covered in toilet paper it looks like
a mummy my heart's racing and as we were
running away I heard sirens my life is a
movie are you guys okay I'm as okay as I
can be after being chased by the cops
hold on there's someone at the door I
I'll get it hello can I speak to Marvin
please I am Marvin Jesus Christ I won't
ask about your pronouns I'll just check
them out on Facebook later but I came by
to let you know that there's been a
crime committed at the hucker do
household what crime someone thought it
would be funny to TP the hucker doo home
and I think one of them was a [ __ ]
because they just threw the entire roll
of toilet paper right at the garage door
made me think it was a raccoon oh well I
I didn't hear anything or see anything
oh okay I just didn't know if maybe your
nest doorbell camera or something caught
all the footage oh no I don't I don't
pay for that to work it it just it's
just there oh so like a scarecrow
huh anyway I just want to let you know
that I will be reporting this to the HOA
so just keep your eyes peeled and I do
have a question for you did you uh like
cut the whole thing off or just tuck it
in your booty cheeks uh I I'm just
dressing up okay uh well then uh I'll
let you get back to transitioning okay
all right bye bye who was at the dorm
Marvin it was Hank hucker what did he
know you T beat his house did he call
the cops he didn't call the cops he
doesn't know it's us but I did get an
idea what if all of jeffy's remaining
questions are about the hucker dece and
we can torture them instead of me Marvin
that's mean no it's better them than me
Jeffy do you have any other questions
about the hucker do um yeah can we order
12 piz to the hucker dude's house as a
prank let's ask the
coin yes it says yes yay call and order
it Jeffy all right la la la la la
delivering
pizzas yeah hello hello sir I have the
12 pizzas you ordered who the [ __ ] would
order 12 pizz at 11:00 at night I don't
know maybe you're having a pizza party
well I'm not so you can take them back
with you we don't want them return to
Cinder kabish but sure someone's got to
pay for these pizzas listen we don't
want the goddamn pies honey what is
going on out here this pizza boy thinks
that we ordered 12 pies at 11:00 at
night we didn't I think he's a [ __ ] so
I'm going to let you deal with it okay
you're good with deal dealing with kids
with special needs now young men we did
not order 12 pizzas Well ma'am listen
someone's got to pay the
$322 for all these pieces well we don't
have that kind of money well you could
always pay in another way let's just say
instead of you giving me a tip I give
you a tip well I do love
pizza uhoh you know what never mind I
think I'll just take the cash oh my God
every they really tried to deliver the
pizza
oh man that was so funny as long as
we're using that coin to mess with other
people instead of me Marvin I don't like
this coin it's evil and it's meant to do
bad things I wish we could just get rid
of it we can't get rid of it until we
ask it like 13 more questions there must
be something we can do H I do have an
idea hey plot hole Goblin get in
here what do you want well we're kind of
getting tired of asking the coin
questions well too bad you have to well
Jeffy I ask the coin
this okay I got
it what no no no Jeffy ask the coin can
we stop asking the coin questions and
not be cursed okay can we stop asking
the coin questions and not be cursed no
you can't do that but we're asking the
coin well damn
it
no ask it again okay can we stop asking
the coin questions and not be cursed God
damn it
yes
yay we're not cursed anymore you guys
won this time but I'll be back next time
a video has a plot
H um Dad that actually looks like the
booger I wiped on the back of the couch
like a year ago and it came to life
[Music]
oh