daddy Dy what it's important I need to
borrow your car keys in 50 bucks no
Jeffy you're not going to use my C why
do you need 50 bucks daddy check it I
found this girl online and she said she
would eat a hot fud sunde off my junk
for 25 bucks behind Walgreens for 25
bucks then why you need 50 cuz I wanted
to do it twice that's a lot of ice cream
Jeffy yeah hopefully she's not lactose
and toddler ants lactose intolerant uh I
only have $100 well then four times it
is she's going to do it no times well
then do you want me to ask for change
well no no Jeffy listen she's not going
to do it at all cuz I don't want you
eating ice cream in my car well here's
the thing Daddy I'm not eating ice cream
she is I'm just the bul well no Jeffy I
don't want any ice cream activities
happening in my car just just go get a
job or something what do you want me to
do what she does for a living no Jeffy
just go to your room and play please all
right Daddy I guess I'll ask her if she
can get me a discount no discount just
no you're not going to do it Marvin
maybe we should get Jeffy a car well why
would we get Jeffy a car so we can go to
Walgreens ice cream stuff no but he
could get a job and drive himself to and
from work I guess you're right if we do
get him a car he can go to get a job and
he's 18 now so we can start being an
adult but we only have $100 maybe I can
go see if we can get like a cheap used
car yeah okay Marvin all right baby I
just got Jeffy a very used car is it
nice it's it's a car uh-oh you hesitated
no baby it's good enough for Jeffy to go
find a job drive to work and go do his
ice cream festivities okay all right
daddy check it I got her down to 20
bucks so if we take that 100 over there
you go two times I'll go three times no
Jeffy all right fine I'll let you go
first no Jeffy me and your mom got you a
very late 18th birthday gift did you get
her to come here I got to go clean my
room oh no no no Jeffy it's in the
driveway daddy you don't have to call
her an IT her pronouns are he she him
hers it said it on their profile Jeffy
though listen it's not whatever you're
talking to come outside all right Jeffy
surprise you guys got me a car yeah
Jeffy you're 18 years old now so you
might want to get out out the house get
a job make your own money Marvin can I
pick up fat hoes Jeffy why they got to
be fat more cushion for the pushing
daddy Jeffy you can pick up whoever you
want in that car cuz it's your car and
you can do whatever you want with it
Daddy can I Pimp My Ride and spray paint
my car yellow no Jeffy you cannot spray
paint it yellow but you said I can do
whatever I want to my car you did say
that Marvin but spray paint's going to
look so ugly and it looks so nice right
now but Daddy I want to Pimp My Ride you
know what Jeffy do whatever you want
just just go look for a job please
that's all I needed to hear Daddy oh
he's Marvin he's going to ruin the car
it's time to Jeffy find this
hoe and done The Jeffy mobile is
complete hey Jeffy what are you doing I
just got done spray painting my car
Junior wa you got a new car it's so sick
it says your name on the hood yeah I
call it the ho puller cuz it pulls hoes
check out where they sit Junior ho sit
here that's so awesome yeah and check
out the trunk it says shy oh can we go
for a ride sure Junior let's go to
McDonald and get some Happy Meals hes
love happppy meals they will suck your
Kremlin oh let's go let's go all right
all right Junior you ready to get some
Mickey D yeah Mickey be nuts let's on
some tunes all
righto I inv my Spider-Man bike I'm just
like ped Parker and Spider-Man 2 when he
was delivering pizzas on his bicycle
that movie had Dr Octopus in it it was
so crazy jeie is trying to pull ho to P
ho two pull hoose Jeffy is trying to
pull ho in this car is going to help me
do it
woo what Jeffy what was that noise I
don't know Junior just keep singing
Jeffy is trying to I think you hit
something no I didn't Junior just keep
singing
[Music]
Jeffy Jesus Christ what do we got
Simmons looks like a hit and run mate ah
H didn't and quit it just like he used
to do in college so how's the victim he
was airlifted to the ICU he's in aoma so
we're not going to be getting any
answers out of him anytime soon any
evidence Left Behind uh not that I see
wait what's this look Simmons's yellow
paint Oh I thought that was mustard I
thought he was eating a hot dog while he
was riding his bike no I'm pretty sure
this is just yellow paint well why would
he eat a hot dog with yellow paint on it
that'd make him sick no no s Simmons
like it was it was a yellow car and it
left its paint behind when it hit the
bike well what if the car was covered in
mustard okay Simmons you know I really
appreciate how you think outside the box
sometimes but this is not one of those
times we need to find a yellow car well
it could be the osam mobile okay you you
look for that I'm going to go find a
yellow car all right hey Dy me and
Junior just went and got happy meals
peep the Box happy as [ __ ] Jeffy
language you didn't go to Walgreens did
you Jeffy oh man D completely forgot
about Walgreens I'm going to need that
100 bucks no Jeffy that's why we got you
that car so you can get your own job and
make your own money oh maybe I can get a
job at Walgreens then on my lunch break
I can go in the back and have an ice
cream party every day it be Sunday no
Jeffy how about you get a job at
McDonald's but he she him hers day them
isn't at McDonald's daddy the
news breaking news okay there was a
hidden run involving a child on a
bicycle and police need your help to
find out who did it Mr Goodman is on
scene Now with an eyewitness who saw the
whole thing Goodman I'm here at the
scene of the crime where a yellow car
has struck a child on a bicycle and left
the scene I'm here with the only
reported witness Cody nutkiss now tell
me Cody give me every detail of what
happened don't leave out any details
well I was just sitting here eating my
free medium french fries I get from
McDonald's every week and all of a
sudden I heard a bam so I guess that's
what that was truly remarkable and very
graphic detail now police are on the
scene now so if you have any information
as to a yellow car missing paint don't
hesitate to call 911 immediately oh no I
hope that poor kid is okay good thing we
don't know anyone that owns a yellow car
damn it they forgot my toy wait a minute
Jeffy you spray painted your car yellow
right I sure did daddy and that hole
look clean I'm talking yellow like a
banana oh wait that's where I can work
Daddy I can start my own painting body
shop I could call it jeffy's Blow and go
or jeffy's spray and pay I spray it you
pay it wait so Jeffy did you hit
anything while you were driving today
daddy the only thing I hit was the gas
pedal to get where I was going I'm
talking here but like you didn't hit
like anything like like a kid on a bike
no but they did add a weird speed bump
in the neighborhood today what H if you
were a yellow car Simmons where would
you park it is that a trick question no
cuz you drive on a Parkway but you park
on a driveway wait Simmons look over
there well well well Simmons if I had a
dog his name would be Bingo what ises
this car have to do with your dog no
Simmons I'm saying we found the car we
were looking for what type of dog you
going to get mate I'm not getting a dog
Simmons I'm saying that we found the car
I like Cockapoos okay great but I'm
saying we found the car because it's a
yellow car that has scratches on it oh
so no mustard no no no mustard now let's
go knock on the door and serve up a hot
plate of Justice good cuz I'm
hungry who's at the door uh uh hello hey
there uh what do you fine officers want
fine officer s buy me dinner first
handsome I hook up with his mom oh God
you have to mention that today oh do you
guys have a warrant okay that was the
most guilty thing you could have said do
do you have one because I don't know
what you could be doing here okay look I
don't know if you heard but there was a
hit and run today involving a yellow car
and we found a yellow car parked in your
driveway oh well that's my son's car oh
can we have a word with your son uh yeah
yeah sure come in who was at the door
Marvin it's the cops good because I
would like to file a report against
McDonald's for forgetting my Happy Meal
toy oh I hate when when they do that
especially when it's like a limited
edition toy and I really hate when they
give you the toy you already got last
time it's like you should know that I
already have this toy it's stupid why
are the cups here oh well there was a
hit and run involving a yellow car and
your son happens to have a yellow car
how do you know it it's my car well cuz
there are scratches on your car and
there's yellow paint on the bike you hit
well how do you know it's not mustard on
your bike it it's not mustard did you
taste it I I did not hold on I'll go
taste it Jeffy if you did it you should
go admit to it right now they'll give
you less time if you admit to it I plead
the fth oh God no that that is paint
that is not mustard you definitely hit
that bike well what if the kid on the
bike hit my parked car damn I hadn't
thought of that he's got us St Simmons
hold on I'm getting a call hello what
the kid woke up from his coma that's
great well you heard me the kid woke up
from his coma so I'm going to go ask him
what happened oh Jeffy you're going to
go to jail I didn't even do anything Hey
kid how you feeling where am I what is
my body hurt oh well you got hit by a
car and you just woke up from a coma
that's so crazy yeah listen we need you
to tell us if you remember getting hit
by a car oh yeah I was delivering pizzas
like a Spider-Man 2 and then all of a
sudden his car came and I tried to jump
over with my spider powers but I didn't
wait so you were actually trying to jump
over the car yeah but my webs couldn't
attach to anything so I got hit oh
you're the real Spider-Man yeah oh my
God Simmons we have to protect this
kid's identity at all costs if he
presses charges everyone's going to find
out his real name we can't have that
don't worry kid your secret safe with us
hey there what' the kid say well I can't
divulge that information because of the
hippo act but I may or may not have met
Spider-Man Spider-Man Spider-Man does
whatever a spider can him I met him or
maybe I didn't did you meet him or not I
don't know maybe maybe I met him maybe
the kid was him maybe he was the kid I
don't know maybe he's Spider-Man maybe
he's not who knows the kid Spider-Man
who told you that cuz I didn't tell you
that he's not he's not Spider-Man unless
he is Spider-Man I I don't know I didn't
say that Spider-Man's real yes he's real
and I met him maybe well okay so what's
going on is the kid pressing charges or
not no Spider-Man is not pressing
charges so the kid is Spider-Man no no I
didn't I didn't say that you you said
the kid is spider- you said the
Spider-Man's not pressing charges SPID
Spider-Man is his lawyer look stop
asking me questions okay I need to go
get an autograph what all right Jeffy do
you learn a lesson from today daddy she
agreed to me here wait who the ice cream
he she him her who's that them hello hey
I'm here to eat ice cream Sundays for 20
bucks
[Music]
wa