oh man I hate coming to school Junior do
you know what this Saturday is The
weekend Yes but what's special about
this Saturday Junior we don't have
school Hell yeah dude Junior this
Saturday is the 29th Do you know why
that's special Uh boys help me out
What's special about the Saturday Well
the Saturday is when I clip my mom's
toenails Ew I don't know why Penelopey
would be excited about that Why do you
clip your mom's toenails Oh it's just
part of my chores If I don't do it I'm a
bad piggy and I have to stay in the bad
piggy closet The bad piggy closet Yeah I
don't like it in there All right Pel got
to give up What's this Saturday Junior
It's our 20month anniversary Oh
Junior how could you forget that Wow
what a bad boyfriend Junior everyone
knows if you make it to the 20th
anniversary you're basically married
Everyone wants to make it to the 20th Oh
damn I did not know about this 20th
thing Oh my god Junior Just What did you
get me I I I I a high five You're the
worst boyfriend ever Look can we discuss
this after school please Don't look at
me Junior All I can say is I'm glad I'm
straight as a wet noodle All right Crash
This week you're going to be having a
substitute teacher because I'm going to
get an eyelid lift so I can finally see
a goddamn thing So your substitute
teacher is going to be Brad Hey there
little people My name's Brad with a B
Where the is the hospitality
Everyone say hi to Brad with a B Hi Brad
with a B Hi Brad
Okay So Brad's going to be your teacher
for a week and next time you see me I'll
be able to see you Okay kids I think
it'd be fun if we all went around the
class and everybody told me their names
Let's start with you redhead chick
Whatever you want it to be Her name is
Penelopey Oh hey Penelope That's a
really pretty name That's actually my
mom's name Okay who wants to go next
Actually you know what That's it for
names This seems like it's going to take
a really long time and I don't have time
for that If I want to talk to you I'll
just point at you I'm only going to be
here for a week Oh wow A man that knows
what he wants A man that doesn't want
his time wasted So what are we going to
learn today Bead So I'm not really good
at this whole teaching thing but I think
we should do a spelling test So get out
a piece of paper and try to spell all
the words I say Anything for you Brad
Penelpia why are you talking like that
I'm listening to the teacher Junior I'm
following the rules Sh Sounds like your
 choosing dude You better keep eye
on your Junior Okay so your first
word to spell is uh cool And I'll use it
in a sentence Brad is cool C O L Cool
Hot He's so hot Okay your next word is
bodacious Like the babes I get at the
beach Oh man he's into girls Gay
Handsome But the word was bodacious Okay
your third word is Maui cuz that's where
the best waves are I'll use it in a
sentence Cats go Maui That's not even
the correct use of that word Okay I
think I spelled it right Uh well that's
all the words I know So hand in your
papers and I'll tell you how you did Oh
I definitely think I spelled all this
right Yeah me too One right Wait Penel
you didn't spell any of the words right
I think I spelled every single one of
them right Those weren't even the words
Yeah Cool Here you go Bradley Nice hair
Thanks Okay so I wrote mine in Sharpie
because I'm that confident Oh these are
like not the words I said at all But did
I spell them wrong No you just wrote
different words that perfectly describe
me to a tea Was that not the assignment
No it really wasn't I think maybe you
need some tutoring Me too Okay just come
before school tomorrow Okay I'll get up
at 4:00 a.m Okay school doesn't start
that early Just be here by 7:00 Okay
it's a date No it's it's really not
You're a child Oh my god guys You're not
going to believe this but Brad thinks
I'm super special and he wants to teach
me one-on-one in the morning Sure he
does But that's not fair Hey Brad I'm
stupid too Help me out Cody back off
He's mine Penelopey do you have a crush
on the substitute teacher What No Junior
That's totally weird He's like 25 and
unless Unless you think he likes me Wait
no That's weird cuz he could go to jail
He could go to jail for me Do you think
he would Oh he's such a bad boy huh Well
looks like everybody did okay on their
test Whatever Man I'm hungry I guess
it's lunch time Uh everybody pull out
your lunch and eat it I brought a
macaroni and cheese cup Do you think the
teacher will let me use the microwave in
the teacher's lounge Ooh you could just
have Brad touch it and that would heat
it up She's calling the teacher hot
right guys Yeah I brought an entire box
of Captain Crunch but no milk or bowl So
I guess I'm just going to have to eat it
dry and cut my mouth up Hey let me get a
little bit of that Captain Crunch Okay
Hey Peneli what did you bring for lunch
a ham and cheese sandwich but I wish it
was a bread and cheese sandwich Okay
guys that's weird right She's saying
weird Yeah this protein bar tastes
like I guess I'm just going to go
hungry I don't have any water Can I have
half your sandwich Penelopey Oh no Brad
he's hungry Brad you can have half my
sandwich Here you go Brad No that's fine
I'm trying to keep my six-pack I can't
have any carbs No it's low carb bread
and gluten-free Oh well that I guess I
can have
some The sandwich is pretty good You
know the best part is the meat between
the bread I I mean the bread Okay that
sentence is pretty gay right guys He's
hiding meat between his bread like a
wiener in his butt So I have a chance
right Oh my god guys He liked my cooking
I could cook for him every single night
like a 1950s household Didn't guys beat
their wives back then and like leave the
house They had too many children
Penelopey you just gave him your whole
sandwich I did Junior because he was
hungry He can't be hungry He's our
teacher If he's hungry he can't teach us
But I'm hungry You didn't give me any of
your sandwich Uh sorry Junior
Oh that was pretty good Hey I'm full Do
you want the rest of this No you can
keep it Oh okay Well I'm just going to
throw it away then
I could ate that He's so dreamy Okay now
that lunch is over I'm kind of tired so
I'm going to take a nap But while I do
that you guys pull out a piece of paper
and uh Hey spring break's coming up so
just draw a picture of what you want to
do on spring break And the best picture
gets I don't know a piece of
chalk A a piece of chalk from Brad I
would cherish it forever Uh guys we have
to draw something so good that we win
cuz I don't want her to have the piece
of chalk Oh no problem dude We got this
Yeah
Oh my god he's so cute when he sleeps Um
Mr Brad Yeah I finished my drawing of
what I want to do over spring break Oh
cool Uh what is this Well you see that's
you and me holding hands And you
mentioned you had a six-pack so I made
sure to draw it Mrs Penelope Brad I
didn't know your last name so I
improvised Oh why are you saying I do
What did you do Oh I mean just like in
case you happen to ask me to marry you
That's weird Well you can keep that and
I'll go sit down
Okay everybody turn in your drawings
Guys I don't mean to brag but I'm
definitely winning that piece of chalk
What'd you draw Uh nothing
Is that you writing a T-Rex Yeah it is
That's badass man Thanks
What's this Oh me playing with my daddy
LeBron James I'm more of an MJ man
myself you Okay I think mine speaks
for itself You said it's what I wanted
to do on spring break Uh let me see Yeah
the kid in the orange shirt wins the
chalk Junior please Please get out the
chalk Junior I'll do anything Please
dude Why you so bad Penelopey
didn't I ask you for half your sandwich
and you gave it to him to throw at a
wall Uh Junior Junior I don't want to
hear it because you owe me a 20month
anniversary present anyway So just give
me the chalk You know what How about you
go ask him for his chalk but take away
the H and the L and replace the A with
an O and then add a C after the O Oh all
right That's the end of the day So your
homework is to just go look at the
 stars man You know just look up
at the stars and pick out a star and
think somebody out there in the world is
probably looking at the same star as you
I mean what are the odds you know Like
mathematically impossible But
somebody out there is probably looking
at the same star just thinking about the
same stuff you know He basically just
said he's going to talk to me through
the stars tonight That is not what I got
out of that at all He's so poetic You're
my girlfriend Penelopey See you guys
tomorrow and I'll see you early
Penelopey Ah yes he will Guys don't you
think that's absolutely weird that
Penelopey has a crush on our substitute
teacher I have a crush on our substitute
teacher I don't think it's weird at all
But Cody he's an adult and we're
children Well I mean I'm 17 and I've
done some stuff I probably shouldn't
have done I mean I've been with your dad
and Chef Pe although it wasn't really my
body I mean you and Joseph gave me a
Blumin about a month ago but you don't
remember cuz of magic Wa What the hell
are you talking Hey guys quick question
Do you know what the weather is like in
August in the Maldes I don't actually Oh
well that's where I want to get married
to Brad at and I didn't know if it would
rain that time of year even though it'd
be so hot to kiss him in the rain Okay
she is being weird I'm on your side now
Penelopey you're dating me Okay You
can't date Brad He's an adult I'm your
boyfriend
Ooh Ouch Junior Burn Junior
gotcha Junior Junior Goddamn
Junior Hey Brad What's all this Well I
brought you some flowers and I brought
you an apple cuz you're a teacher And
then I brought you this trophy I made
for you that says world's best
substitute teacher and this card Damn I
love you and I just can't get enough of
you Penelope It's true That's
weird Huh Well I'm like 25 and I'm
married and you're a kid so I could go
to jail Nor would I even really want to
do any of this stuff Wait but what about
the stars you told me to look at and I
looked up at the North Star all night
long and was talking to you through it I
was looking at the moon I'm going
to call your dad and tell him you're
being weird What No no no Not my dad
Penelopey what's this I hear about you
being in love with your adult teacher Uh
and what what are all these gifts Is
that a cosmic crisp apple I know it's a
very good apple Penelopey One of the
best And I know that it can stay good
for up to a year in the fridge which is
insane for a fruit but when you asked me
for $50 today my thought was "Wow that
must be a really nice field trip they're
going on I didn't know you were going to
spend on all these gifts But dad I love
it." And what is this Damn I love you
And I just can't get enough of you
Penelopey you harlic What You Jezebel
Dad you can't call me that You floozy
Dad how could you You 10 penny I'm
telling mom
Now I know you might not agree with my
parenting but they don't call me pumpkin
guy cuz I'm nice They call me that for
reasons I don't really understand Okay
guys You ready to go to school and watch
Penelopey Goooo Gaga over Brad
Penelopey aren't you supposed to be at
school early with Brad He told me he
didn't want me That's good Yeah he's an
adult You're a kid Junior I'm sorry Oh
now you're sorry now that he doesn't
want you Yeah Are you still going to get
me a 20month anniversary present Shib
Junior it doesn't have to be the chalk I
don't want it anymore Um I think you
should get me something for what you did
Listen all I'm hearing is that I just
have to tell him I'm 18 Cody he's
married I don't give a man Boy
[Music]