[Music]
honey your food's almost ready smells
great honey I can't wait to eat it oh
I'll get it I'm coming jeez hello ow uh
honey are you okay don't worry he's
going to be just fun come here all right
Simmons I spy with my little eye
something red H is it this little
triangle no uh what about this little
heat thing yep that's it all right your
turn all right I spy with my little
something blue um is it my shirt no is
it your shirt no is it the light strip
there no uh is it the cold setting no
huh okay I give up it's your eyes oh am
yeah I just can't stop looking at them I
can't stop looking at yours oh really
unit we have a ni complain 176 kamuche
come on Simmons let's respond to this
noise complaint all right tell me where
your money and jewelry is I'm going kill
both of you I don't really remember you
hit me in the head with a baseball bat
no right you tell me where it is it's
under the mattress you better not be
lying don't move honey call the cops I
can't I'm a little tied up at the moment
how did I get roped into this all right
Simmons let's get this over
with I like knocking like that open up
police we got a noise complaint help us
please oh my God Simmons they're calling
for help in there let's
go you go first no you go first no you
go ahead buddy no I insist you go ahead
no age before Beauty no but you're in
charge him mate you go ahead no come on
Pearls Before Swine go ahead no you
outrate me you go ahead look I'm not
going in there first I'm not going in
there first okay tell you what let's
flip a coin heads I go first tails you
go first
okay crap it was heads thank God your
hair yeah sorry it took so long we were
flipping a coin outside I didn't want to
go first so who tied you up like this he
did huh who called the cops
[Music]
s you shot my partner I got to get out
of here Simons oh God
why oh Simmons please don't die I need
you you're my partner oh look here comes
the doctor doctor please tell me is he
going to make it hey there there's no
easy way to say this but but he's not
going to make it no please doctor please
there has to be something you can do
save my partner's life I'm sorry he was
shot in the heart nobody can survive
that he's
gone no
[Music]
hey guy oh hey chief how you feeling
can't you read the mug shitty I I I know
there's a happy poop on the mug but they
didn't have a mug with a sad poop on it
really I just wanted a mug with a poop
on it I didn't really want to face but
that's all they had so there's actually
nothing in the mug I I'm just trying to
be dramatic because I'm sad that my
partner died Gary how do you think
Simmons would feel if he saw you moping
about him like this my partner can't
feel anything
he's dead guy come on back to the office
I have a surprise for you is is it a sad
poop mug no it's even better come on
okay okay guy I know you're sad about
losing your partner so I'm assigning you
a new one come on Chief I don't need a
new partner Simmons was the only partner
for me nobody could replace him but you
haven't even met the little guy yet what
little guy oh come on Chief don't tell
me you hired a [ __ ] oh God I'm going
to have to go so slow just for him to
keep up with me with his stubby little
legs people are going to think I brought
my son to work it's just going to be
hilarious meet officer cuddlesworth
who's a good boy you are yes you are
really Chief a dog that's who you get to
replace Simmons that's just insulting
but he's such a good boy he can smell
drugs and bombs he'll protect you no
thanks Chief I think I'm better off on
my own well you don't have a choice this
is your new partner and that's an order
come on
Chief what do you
want what what do you what what this you
stupid little toy
donut what what do you want me to do
throw it okay go get it I didn't even
throw it you idiot yeah you're going to
make a real great
Detective come on you stupid mut let's
get in the car all right stinky this is
my car so no poooo or pee pees in my car
got it I'll take that as a yes what what
you want your stupid little toy well
this is not playtime this is work time
you can have this once we catch a bad
guy okay oh that man's speeding you want
to pull someone over boy huh you want to
pull him over oh oh he's a good boy
let's pull him over come on let's get
him all right boy we're going to walk up
to his car and if you see a weapon you
chew his face off got it oh Mr
cuddlesworth you're pissing in my car
what did I say no pissing in the car bad
bad Mr cuddlesworth bad I might as well
you finish it this point Jesus now my
whole car is going to smell like piss
why don't you piss in his car he's the
bad guy huh how about you piss in his
car if you have any piss left you
done okay let's go get them excuse me
sir I see you got a case of the Zoomies
why were you going so fast well I
actually have a date tonight you yeah I
swiped right on a couple baddies calm
down Mr cuddlesworth I'm sorry I think
he wants to [ __ ] in your car see he just
pissed all over mine so that's the only
thing I can reasonably
assume what are you doing Mr cworth get
away from his trunk you weirdo that's
weird he's barking at your trunk why
would he be doing that you got like dog
treats in there or something well not
exactly dog treats okay I don't really
like the way you said that I'm going to
check your trunk oh no you don't I was
play to help me Mr C help
me why would you play of you why you
hepatitis or something Tak in your Trum
all right let's see what's inside this
trunk help me help me help me oh my God
his trunk is filthy and also your little
Billy Williams you've been missing for 3
weeks nobody could find you thank you so
much for saving me m well don't thank me
thank Mr cuddlesworth you hear that Mr
cuddlesworth you're a hero
what officer gar you and your partner
are just Dynamite you rescued a boy that
had been missing for 3 weeks oh sir
don't jerk me off it was all officer
cuddlesworth over there and he's pissing
I I didn't think he had any left in him
but you know what he earned that piss
well I'm promoting both of you to
Lieutenant well really sir I mean my pay
is going to go up a whole 50 cents are
you sure the department can afford it
well we don't pay him cuz he's a dog so
I think we'll be just fine now you two
get out there and kick some criminal ass
wow you know what Mr cuddlesworth I
think I was wrong about you you really
are a good
boy yeah that's right let's go clean up
these
streets Dy what's wrong Jeffy notice
anything different about me huh you like
to hit yourself no someone stole the
pencil out of my nose no one stole the
penil out of your nose Jeffy you
probably just lost it no someone stole
the pencil out of my nose was it you huh
Baldi no I didn't steal it Jeffy was it
you mommy huh no Jeffy well since no one
will admit to who stole the pencil out
of my nose I'm going to call the cops
well don't call the cops Jeff that's a
waste of
resource hey there someone call the cops
yes officer I think my son did you got a
dog oh yeah that's my new partner
Lieutenant cuddlesworth why is he
smelling my butt he's looking for crack
huh you get it like your butt crack but
also hard drugs what happened to your
old partner oh God Simons why he died a
he died in my arms it was very tragic I
still have nightmares about it thanks
for reminding me so what do you want
someone stole the pencil out of my nose
tenant cworth what are you doing now
it's not play time this is work time no
no you give me this toy you give me this
toy godam it okay we'll play fetch one
time okay go get it okay he's still not
very bright okay what's up someone stole
the penil out of my nose oh okay
Lieutenant cuddlesworth smell his nose
and see if you can get the scent of that
pencil but oh he's he's pooping he's
pooping at my house uh yeah hold on I'll
I'll clean it up ew e e ew e e ew ew
it's so squishy I can't resist it merge
to squeeze it what do I do with it but
throw it away in the bathroom oh the
bathroom's so far away I'm just going to
stuff it in your couch don't don't do
that well it's too late I already did it
so what's up are you guys going to find
the pil or not oh yeah right that okay
Lieutenant cuddlesworth smell his nose
and get the scent of that
pencil I think he's got it you got the
pencil boy you get it what uh-oh uh-oh
Lieutenant cworth what is that that's
not a pencil that's another toy you
little rascal you give me that you give
me this
toy you going to find my son's pencil or
not uh look man I got a pencil out in my
car you just want me to give him that
yeah yeah go grab it and say you found
it uhoh Jeffy I think he found your
pencil he found my penil is this your
pencil it is thank you for finding my
penil mister yep that's what I do now
don't call me again unless it's a real
emergency we we we won't call you unless
it's an emergency officer you hear that
Jeffy come on Lieutenant cuddlesworth
let's get you a puppy ice
cream who's
that everybody free give me all your
money you yay ain't you the cop that I
HED the other night that was my partner
oh yeah we're prepare to join no don't
[Music]
shoot you shot my dog no Lieutenant
cuddlesworth please don't die I'm going
to kill
you no Lieutenant cuddlesworth you can't
die please I can't lose another partner
again no
oh oh he'll be all right mate no he
won't Simmons he got shot he's dead just
like you wait Simmons how are you alive
it was just a Nerf bullet mate it's not
a real gun really well that means that
Mr Cuddles with is okay too what what
what you were just playing dead you
learned a new trick oh you're such a
good boy I'm so glad I have my partners
back hey you want to go piss in the
car come on Simmons let's go piss in the
car all
[Music]
m