so guys what do you want to do tonight
oh dude you want to play playtime of
course I want to play playtime you want
to play playtime Cody sorry guys I think
I'm losing my voice I don't think I can
play playtime today a that sucks I'm
just yanking your crank guys let's play
playtime
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah Mom where's Dad oh he's probably
still in the bed with his bum ass Junior
breakfast is ready I'm coming I had to
iron my suit and trim my mustache for
what you don't even have a job idiot I
have job interviews line up today thanks
for asking I believe it when I see it I
just want some orange
juice what the [ __ ] what the goddamn
orange shoes expired well if I had a man
with a job I can afford some up today
orange shoes who buys expired orang
shoes I do cuz the [ __ ] is Cheer let's
not argue about money in front of Sally
you're right you guys do that a lot oh
you want to know how much debt we're in
Sally you want to know how much debt
we're in I bet the house out a casino so
now I owe $20,000 by the end of the week
and we're going to lose the house and I
owe $20 to Pap Murphy oh he's going to
castrate me that seems impossible if he
pulls hard enough it'll come off yeah
maybe it will well at least someone
would finally be pulling on it yeah I
only pull on things that make me money
well how about you sell your body again
we can make $2 I would but I'm pregnant
otherwise I'll be walking up and down
these streets having strangers all in my
booty let's not talk about this in front
of Sally it's very inappropriate yeah
you're right so Sally tell us about
school how's your grades well I was
going to wait to tell you guys but I'm
in Spanish honors what the [ __ ] did you
just say well there's like normal
Spanish and then there's Spanish honors
for people who are really good at it
you've never spoke one goddamn word of
Spanish since you've came out of her
puss yeah I have never heard a drop of
Spanish say something Spanish yeah say
some Spanish honors for us uh Ola
generic ass Spanish even I've seen Lilo
and stage and I know Ola means family
dad that's Aloha what's Aloha it's
Hawaiian hey Hawai you're speaking
English Hawaii is a US state so what do
you mean you're speaking Hawaiian we
we're speaking Hawaiian right now she
doesn't know her state yeah name all 50
states start with Hawaii all of them
name them okay there's Hawaii exactly
Hawaii is a US state so we're speaking
Hawaiian right now well but that's a
different language I'm speaking Florida
right now I'm speaking Alabama right now
speak some goddamn Spanish before I
smack you upside your lopsided [ __ ]
alcoholism face don't do it baby I'm
sorry okay uh uh um nanha means orange
oh the [ __ ] did she just say that's you
know what that's it you're not going on
your high school trip to Iran oh but Dad
we already did the paperwork and we paid
for it and everything nope you're going
to miss that high school trip to Iran
because no way you're speaking Iran
right now well but but what am I going
to tell my boyfriend Corbin blue we were
supposed to go together I don't like him
he busts out in song Everywhere he goes
I don't want him in my life and I don't
want him in yours you're not going to
Iran and that's final I hate you guys
it's okay she'll get over it yeah you
know I don't listen I'm going to go to
my job interview what the [ __ ] is on my
plate [ __ ] it's a croissant and oranges
what the hell are you talking about you
forgot to name one last thing on my
plate what is that
oh [ __ ] a cockroach I mean you eat the
first word but I'm not eating a roach
well look if we had a money for an
exterminated we wouldn't have this
problem okay call an exterminator cuz
ain't no way a goddamn cockroach is on
my plate we'll get a damn job maybe we
can affo one I'm going to get $20,000 by
the end of the day so you call an
exterminator I would love to see that
[Music]
[ __ ] welcome to PJ's garbage Emporium
what makes you think you have what it
takes to be a garbage man well I know
trash really well cuz I've been married
to a piece of trash for a couple years
now okay cool cool I don't shower every
day so I'm kind of stinky okay great we
love to see that here and I'm desperate
for a job okay well do you have your CDL
uh I know my ABCs okay great yeah you're
hired well I am okay so what's the pay
looking like about $50,000 a year okay I
need a huge favor is there any way I can
get $20,000 of that up front uh no I
can't do that why not well I'm not going
to give you $20,000 of your yearly
salary before you even start you're not
a professional football player I promise
look look what would you do if I worked
really hard like I picked up trash
better than anyone's everever picked up
trash before at the end of the week what
could you give me like 1,000 bucks okay
I I think I could do that wait a minute
there's 50 something weeks in a year
that's only $50,000 a year yeah exactly
oh come on man I whatever fine I'll do
it I need to start picking up
[Music]
trash making my way downtown picking up
trash it smells like ass so bad
hey garbage dude I got another one for
you uh sorry bub the truck is full I
have to get that next week what take my
garbage stink boy hey man the truck is
full there's nothing I can do about it
and plus you put your recyclables in the
regular trash so I should write you up
okay I had a big party all right I had a
lot of trash oh yeah what party were you
celebrating Labor Day oh what Labor Day
you don't even have a job oh a job like
a garbage man hey I make $50,000 a year
that's more than a nurse a cop or a
teacher that's actually a lot yeah I get
paid a lot to carry your [ __ ] hey babe
who's at the door it's just some stupid
stinky garbage man all right that's it
I'm not taking this trash you can keep
that don't throw my trash at me [ __ ]
oh yeah what are you going to do about
it little [ __ ] I'm going to beat you up
wait a minute if he beats me up I can
get workers's comp and I might get that
$220,000 I need hey Bub what's this
trash bag and your girlfriend have in
common I've only had sex with one of
them your girlfriend what oh oh that's
it oh call it ambulance oh call an
ambulance please oh I got punched in the
face oh oh on the job too we woo we woo
we woo the ambulance is here oh God not
you you slept with my wife I'm in so
much pain what seems to be the problem
mister I got punched in the face while
on the job so now I need workers comp
tell my boss you look okay I promise I'm
not okay I think I have brain damage I
don't think I'll ever be able to work a
day in my life please just take me to
the hospital and call my boss okay let
me put you in the
ambulance get in get in there damn it
we wo we wo we
[Music]
wo Junior I got a call that you got hurt
on the job is that true yes boss it's
true I got punched in the face while on
the job while I was in uniform cuz the
guy doesn't like garbage workers so if I
would have never had this job I would
have never gotten hurt so now I need
$20,000 in pain and suffering I guess I
could do that as long as the doctor can
prove you actually got hurt oh I'm hurt
he just took an x-ray hey I'm back with
your X-ray you're totally fine wait so
does that mean I have to pay him no he's
totally okay no doctor I am hurt you
better scam me again but too many x-rs
to give you cancer I don't care scan me
and then I'll get cancer for being hurt
on the job and then he owes me more
money listen Junior I'm going to have to
fire you you get in a fight on your
first day that's just not how my stink
boys act oh I lost my job well we also
got your hospital bill that's $5,000 for
the ambulance and that's $5,000 for the
XY I can't afford that I'm $20,000 in
debt and now I have no job sorry bud oh
my God what am I going to
[Music]
do just a second oh I got to fix myself
up hope it's a big sexy strong man hello
hola you call avocado P control services
oh yes I did but why are you avocado
because I bet you avocado don't want
boss in your house oh you're damn right
come on in ooh a foreign man yeah show
me where the bus are o right this way
sexy all the buzs are on my kitchen
table holy [ __ ] [ __ ] that's a [ __ ]
time bgs die BG die die bgs die it's not
working it's time for the
hammer die bgs die die B die die die oh
my God that is a real man I think I saw
your B problem honey I'm home yeah give
me that border patrol penis you for your
trupa oh yeah fill me up daddy h h h h h
h that [ __ ] hot ain't it yeah
you dropping it ain't I believe know you
want some this chur oh yeah give me that
churt what the hell is
this sorry baby I didn't know you were
coming home early what the hell are you
wearing I got a job as a garbage man and
I got fired who's this oh oh oh this is
one he's the pest control guy OHA Señor
I took care of your bugs but I gave your
wife crabs oh
you see he's a real man don't be mad he
if you would have saw him with that
Sledgehammer you would have did the same
thing so you just have no standards now
you're just banging Mexicans no he just
he gets the job done you would have got
the job done you would have got some
poon oh you know what that's said I'm
voting Trump this is like a household we
agreed on that no we agreed when Trump
got shot in the ear that was sick I hate
[Music]
you boohoo boohoo cry boohoo sad huh
Corbin blue what are you doing sneaking
through my bedroom window I wanted to
come see you before a class trip to Iran
tomorrow my dad says I'm not allowed to
go to IR ran but but it's supposed to be
the trip of a lifetime I know but I
can't go and you were supposed to lose
your Fe card to me oh that shit's long
gone buddy I
ran I
ran there's a place in the South called
the Caspian
Sea when we fly there yeah we're going
to be in
captivity
IR IR
there's a place in the south of the
casan
sea go there you're going to be
inim what the hell is that say is that
Corin blue yes Dad can I please go to
irand oh hell no I told you no more
carbon blue dad why are you dressed like
a garbage man oh I got a job as a
garbage man but I got fired garbage man
garbage man get the hell out of here I'm
tired of you break out a song No More
schools where you can break got ins soed
but Dad no
[Music]
but who Could That Be At This time of
night hello what Fu my money at ho I I
need my $20 I promise I got play with
Papa mph [ __ ] I need my cash my [ __ ]
money promise no promises I need a n
[ __ ] now my [ __ ] money closeth off
your [ __ ] ass give my [ __ ] money
[ __ ] [ __ ] where my cash at [ __ ] you
think it's a gay give my [ __ ] money
[ __ ] money I it next week I promise
oh I swear to God if you don't have my
money it's going to be double [ __ ] I
[ __ ]
[Music]
[ __ ] just a
second H could that
be hello ow where the [ __ ] my money
okay there's no way I have 20 grand oh
20 grand where is it you're got to kill
me there's no way can
[Music]
you that can't be anyone else asking for
money hello my T oh [ __ ] you that
happened today you can't come for the
money you have to give me at least 30
days no okay play time no more play time
what no more yo you guys have
too much with the bat and you hit me
with my f in the face and I actually am
actually hurt this isn't even make
believe anymore oh okay no more play
time right now I need I need some time
to heal oh sorry Cody I'm calling off
playtime Joseph call off play Joseph
where you at hop hop hop Joseph oh my
bad dude we just really in the character
[Music]