houston we're ready for liftoff five
four jeffy play with that somewhere else
three
two
one
jeffy you're being loud
we have successful liftoff we are now in
route to uranus
we always go into uranus well uranus is
closed fly somewhere else all right
houston change of plans we're now going
towards a black hole
stop trying to shut up my butt we are
going towards a black hole oh man we
lost another one daddy hold on there's
someone at the door hello hey marvin i
want you to meet my dog prince charles
lord guess how much i paid for how much
two million dollars two million dollars
for a dog yeah because he's a woolly
tuscan long-haired schnauzer he's a
cross between a woolly mammoth and a
shih tzu see what they did was they
found a fossilized testicle of a woolly
mammoth and they stuck it in the vagine
of a shih tzu and out came him he's a
one of a kind there's no other dog like
him well why'd you bring him here well
because i'm entering him into a dog
contest tomorrow marvin and tonight i'm
having a chocolate eating party at my
mansion and obviously dogs can't have
chocolate so i don't want to run the
risk so i'm dropping them off here well
no you're not dropping off here i don't
want the responsibility of your two
million dog well i have no other choice
marvin listen look if you're watching
for me tonight and he enters the dog
show tomorrow and wins i'll give you
fifty thousand dollars wait you'll give
me fifty thousand dollars if i watch
your dog for a night yes but keep in
mind he's very high maintenance he only
eats japanese a5 wagyu beef flown in
from japan if he eats anything else
he'll all over your house um i mean
uh is that a yes yeah sure i'll do it
all right great here go ahead prince
charles oh he's so heavy yeah he's part
wooly mammoth marvin keep that in mind
come on prince charles
marvin you found a dog no it's goodman's
dog he wants me to watch him oh what
what's his name my name is prince
charles and boy you can talk of course i
can talk i'm rich and black hey marvin i
almost forgot to bring you his chew toys
there's one of them right there oh it's
like a squeaky toy no that's a real ten
thousand dollars you let your dog show
on money yeah he's teething i also have
his gold bar right here that helps
sharpen his teeth what you let your dog
show on money and gold yeah because
that's what he wants to do
oh it smells so poor in here i agree
prince charles you'll be home in the
morning marvin you don't know anything
about watching a dog who is this witch
oh this is my wife rose you poor poor
thing and bun look baby he's paying me a
lot of money to watch his dog hand me my
chew toy peasan okay we're gonna be
respectful in this house charles you
spit my face hand me my chew toy peasant
here
hey daddy oh you can burpee what do you
want jeffy i found this moldy chicken
nugget behind your refrigerator can i
eat it no jeffy oh no spit it out spit
it spit it out
yummy oh no what's wrong marvin it's
just a chicken nugget goodman said he
can only eat a5 wagyu beef from japan
that's ridiculous marvin it's a dog it
can eat anything uh-oh i have to take a
dookie peasant carry me outside come on
jeffy let's lift them up what why do you
have to carry him i'm too rich to walk
oh come on
jeffy
okay prince charles hurry up and take a
dump i only poop on bermuda grass this
is saint augustine well it's the only
grass we have just hurry for take a dump
well it's hard to focus when i don't
have my mountainside view well look we
don't have any mountains around us all
we have is this just hurry up well i
guess i'll try
hey look he's pooping i know it's gross
i've got to clean it up
is that money it is i only poop cold
hard cars you poop money jeffy i think i
like this dog i think i like this dog a
lot uh do you have to use the bathroom
anymore i'm done now carry me a home
bark
okay
all right jeffy get the dog all right
baby you won't believe it what's wrong
marvin the dog poops cash what yeah
literally this cash came on his butt
marvin there's no way that he poops cash
he does so i made him this big plate of
food so he can eat it up and we can
print money
you can't do that you can't use a dog
for money it's the circle of life baby
he eats food he poops money it makes
sense i don't know about this marvin
come on prince charles bone appetit
oh no thank you what do you mean no
thank you what do i look like to you a
french bulldog
but you ate the other chicken nugget
that's because it was green like the
color of money well i can i can paint
this green no
come on just eat it i'm full no friends
charge you're gonna eat this food right
now oh my god you bit me oh jesus christ
how'd you go i think he broke my hand oh
my god we need to get you to a hospital
take me to a hospital
jeffy i'll watch the dog shit's crazy
out here who are you supposed to be my
name's jeffy here play with your toys
hello hello scooter club's in the house
hey scooter what are you doing well well
well someone got a puppy
that's what puppy dog said oh my god
what breed are you where are we women
look at all this money you can buy a lot
of yoyos with that money i want yo-yo
what is this thing wait a minute is it
dog talk yes girl that dog can talk
someone better call the news this poor
thing needs a haircut i do not need a
haircut well how many fingers in my own
neck before
poor thing can't even see time to give
him a haircut oh i didn't get away
because you're scared you are not going
to give me a haircut
oh damn it
and that now you look how pretty pretty
yay guys what have you done to me my
beautiful hair
how am i going to win the dog show no
more now you look like rudolph the red
nosed reindeer time to put red nose on
you don't you damn i'll hold him down
give me a little fella
but would you look at that he looks just
like rudolph i'm living in hill
come on rudolph let's go to your
northbound you're so happy get it out
fat boy see you guys later say hi to
santa claus for me jeffy
jeffy why is there fur all over the
couch scooter gave prince charles a
haircut a haircut oh no no where's
prince charles where is he he and
scooter are on the way to the north pole
to see santa claus jeffy don't you screw
with me where's prince charles i just
told you he and scooter are on the way
to the north pole to see santa claus oh
no no way this is my life no way this
happened to me i can't believe we lost
that dog then calm down we have 20 000
and a gold bar on the sofa we'll be fine
no we will not be fine goodman needed
that dog for a show tomorrow for the
international exotic dog competition
you've heard of it yes marvin the winner
gets five million dollars five million
dollars he was only gonna give me fifty
thousand dollars well look we lost
goodman's dog and now he's gonna kill me
marvin i have a plan what we can take
all the money and run away to hawaii
he'll never find us there he will find
me there he has a tracker in my ass
until i pay off the house okay look we
just gotta find the dog to put into the
competition tomorrow marvin you can't
find a dog by tomorrow oh yeah yes we
will um oh jeffy do you still have your
dog yeah booby butt yeah go grab your
dog okay i got an idea here you going
daddy oh booby butt that dog right there
that dog's gonna win the competition
marvin there's no way that dog is gonna
win the international exotic dog
competition sure he can he's paralyzed
from the neck down well they don't need
to know that he can't even walk marvin
well prince charles couldn't walk we had
to carry him everywhere so they won't
know it when we're carrying him around
look all we have to do is just tape all
this fur onto him tape or staple it i
mean he's paralyzed he won't be able to
feel it look i promise once we get all
this fur onto him you won't even know
it's not the the rare dog that goodman
had marvin this isn't going to work i
need it to work all right everyone grab
some tape and some glue with some
staples okay let's get to work
and done doesn't he look just like
prince charles he looks terrible marvin
but no he doesn't he looks just like the
other dog he had all this fur maybe if
the other dog went through a wood
chipper you're just being mean he looks
just like the other dog i don't want to
be a part of this you're being a quitter
what do you think jeffy yep
what do you think about the dog i think
he looks like a cat's hair ball and he
sounds like one too no jeffy he looks
just like prince charles
someone's at the door you have fun with
that daddy
okay stay right here uh prince charles
uh hello goodman what are you doing here
bad news marvin the chocolate party got
cancelled it got cancelled why turns out
i don't like chocolate so i came here to
pick up my dog
pick up your dog you're not supposed to
pick him up till tomorrow you should
come back tomorrow because me and the
dog were having so much fun i know he's
great isn't he he shits cash i noticed
so you should just come back tomorrow
what happened to your arm oh your carpal
tunnel from beating your wiener too much
in there no i fell down the stairs but
anyway oh yeah just come back tomorrow
and you can get your dog no it's okay i
understand that your arm hurts i'll go
upstairs and get them
all right here's your dog
you think i'm stupid don't you what no
this is prince charles
say your name say i'm prince charles
did he have a stroke
no he's just sleeping he's having a bad
dream where's prince charles at he's
right here that is not prince charles
where's my prince charles oh hey look
he's on his way to the north pole to see
santa we'll tell santa claus he owes me
two million dollars look
listen look
your dog bit me in the hand and i left
him alone with jeffy and then jeffy
shaved him and they thought he was a
reindeer i don't know why i keep
trusting you with things i don't know
why either i told you i did not want
this responsibility so it's kind of your
fault for trusting me i can't show up to
the international exotic dog competition
with this this thing well you're just
gonna have to find another dog hmm i got
an idea
why are you looking at me like that
welcome to the international exotic dog
competition our first contestant is
toodles the black bear poodle he's a mix
between a black bear and an actual
poodle
yeah and our next contestant is
see it bark bark bark oh my god what
kind of animal is this sir it's a
 who likes to lose people's dogs
[Music]
you