[Music]
okay that's the house we're going to rob
okay so you just go in there and you
steal anything you can find that's
valuable I'm talking cash jewelry
savings bonds Box Tops coupons those
little collectible half dollars those
gogurts that give you a chance to win
The Sweet Life on De Cruise cuz I want
to meet Zach and Cody anything you can
find that's valuable listen Freddy I
don't know if I can do this what if I
get caught I I can't go back to jail
again I just can't can you do it look
I'm not the one who is already dressed
like Sandy Claus well I told you the gas
station we could switch that suit's not
going to fit me you weigh like 200 lb
you know that hurts my feelings oh Jesus
Lenny okay look if you go in there and
somebody sees you they're not going to
know it's you they're just going to
think it's S course you know what you're
right I need to stop being such a
let's do this yeah let's
[Music]
go
come on come
[Music]
on come on now come on where's the C
where's the
should come on come on where's the
saving BS they got in here well I
can at least check for the Gus come on
where's the Sweet Life on Deck with Zach
and Cody Shan ofon
oh how am I going to get out of
this one uh hey there little boy have
you been good this year well sometimes I
say well that's okay you're still
going to get a ton of presents okay but
what are you doing here Santa it's not
Christmas yet uh Santa was here to fix
your refrigerator it's not working you
fix refrigerators yeah how do you think
we get all the money to make all the
presents at the North Pole oh that makes
sense yes so uh do you know where your
parents keep all their special things
well my daddy says I'm special what
Jeffy who are you talking to I'm talking
to Santa Claus the refrigerator repair
man ho ho ho Merry Christmas that's not
Santa Claus sh all right bye Santa dadd
you
okay
sh come on the door drive drive drive
drive drive drive did you get me good
stuff no I got want a place to drive God
damn
it oh my God Marvin what happened to you
Santa Claus hit him in the face with a
hammer why wasn't Santa in the North
Pole cuz he was downstairs fixing the
refrigerator Marvin what happened Santa
Claus hit me in the face with a hammer
someone called the cops well good news
Daddy I already called them maybe that's
them hello hey there you call the cops
yes Santa Claus hit me in the face with
a hammer oh that sucks you got a package
at your door can I come in and open it I
feel like there's more more important
things than my package at the door yeah
but I got to come in anyway for your
police report come on can I bring it in
and open it please I really like to see
people's packages I'm nosy okay bring it
in
yay oh I can't wait to open this I don't
remember ordering a package well I can
tell you who it's from it's from today's
sponsor displate collect your passions
at displate.com what's a displate oh
Marin what's a displate this is a
displate now every displate comes
packaged in this brand new material
called card board and it's light yet
durable here I'll show you how to open
it see look at that that easy no ripping
no tearing no cussing no fussing and
look at that Spider-Man so it's a poster
oh Marvin dis plates are unique metal
posters you can mount on your wall in
just 20 seconds with no power tool since
it's all magnetic so you don't need to
get a nail and nail it to the wall no
nails are a thing of the past what do
you even use nails for building houses
no I'll show you how to hang this bad
boy up all right Marvin let me show you
how easy this is let me get my
instructions all right now the first
thing you're going to want to do is
clean your wall cuz I'm assuming most
people have dirty walls so luckily they
give you this handy little cleaning wipe
that you can just wipe the wall down so
your magnet sticks better now the
problem is I have little puppet hands
they don't work so luckily I have
Anthony here to help me out Anthony I
just open that for him mhm show them how
it's done you take the wipe out see that
see that wipe now you wipe the wall down
so it's nice and clean so that the
magnet sticks good now see that's a
that's a clean wall right there now we
just got to wait 10 minutes for that to
dry
well this this wall is clean right here
oh well why didn't you tell me that's
great okay so now we can move on to step
two see we got the protective Leaf it
even tells you where to put the magnet
Anthony you want to stick that on the
wall there yeah yeah
yeah see see what he's doing you rip
that off you stick it on the wall uhhuh
and then you tear the backing off you
work out those air bubbles I don't want
any air bubbles perfect perfect it looks
great see and now you know where to put
your magnet so you got your magnet here
and you just peel that blue part off
peel it show how to feel it great and
you stick that right where it tells you
to yep yep see the sticky part right on
there yep see it's perfect now we get to
do my favorite part tearing off the
plastic ooh that's good oh that is good
oh so satisfying oh it's nice yeah get
that off Spider-Man now you can hang
Spider-Man look at that you got
Spider-Man right there on your wall and
what's that you don't want Spider-Man on
your wall well guess what you can just
swap it out with another one let me show
you they also have Shrek move Anthony
take down Spider-Man I want to put Shrek
there look at that now you have Shrek on
your wall ooh donkey see how easy it was
to swap those out and look at this look
at those bended edges see how bended
those edges are see that's so there's no
white on the outside the poster is
perfect it just pops right out of the
wall that's so cool so you have Shrek
and Spider-Man oh they get all kinds of
stuff they get movies gaming Comics
Nature music history automotive and so
much more where are these bad boys
manufactured very astute question Marvin
dis plates are manufactured in Europe
and will reach you within 4 to 5 days
yeah you can find our very special
recommendations using the link in the
description they're all Shrek displate
is a good alternative to standard paper
Impressions or canvas printing it's even
cheaper using the special Christmas
discount available through our link or
promo code shown below buying one to two
plates is 22% off and three or more are
33% off this is the last call to get a
displate ordered and delivered Before
Christmas okay awesome wait Marvin why
is your face like that oh well let's go
to the couch and talk about it okay all
right now tell me exactly what happened
some guy who looks like Santa Claus
broke into my house and hit me in the
face with a hammer why would he hit you
with a hammer I don't know he just did
well people don't just break into
people's houses and hit him with hammers
for no reason you must have done
something did you piss him off I don't
even know who he is well you said he was
Santa I said he looks like Santa okay so
a guy who looks like Santa hits you with
a hammer yes okay well I will go look
for Santa okay Simmons we're looking for
Santa Claus oh I know where Santa Claus
is where the North Pole no Simmons he
has to be around here somewhere cuz he
just broke into a house well he does
that every year he delivers presents no
no no I mean he broke into a house and
he hit somebody with a hammer well that
doesn't sound like Santa Claus Behavior
well look all I know is it's a guy who
looks like Santa Claus well why didn't
you just say that well look Simmons just
be on the lookout for like a sleigh or
reindeer or what oh I I think
that's him come on jingle bells jingle
bells jingle oh am I getting pulled
over damn it all right Simmons he pulled
over let's go see if this is our guy all
right excuse me sir you look like Santa
Claus well I am yeah sure you are buddy
well we got a report that somebody who
looked like Santa broke into a house and
hit a guy with a hammer well I was at
this girl's house and I hit her with my
hammer oh damn up top Santa nice yeah I
bet you're hung like a
stocking good one good one balls as big
as ornaments okay yeah yeah that makes
sense yeah she choked on my eggnog e
okay yeah yeah I think I get it you had
intercourse okay so where are you off to
tonight a strip club oh okay you horny
old bastard I think I'm going to need
you to step out of the vehicle but I'm
the real Santa well if you're the real
Santa where's your sleigh and all your
reindeer well Rudolph he's got Ball's
bigest and he's getting neutered
right now too much drag on the sleigh
okay I think you're under arrest now
stay in there I didn't do anything I'm
innocent I'm the real Santa oh yeah if
you're the real Santa then what did I
ask for for Christmas when I was 6 years
old a Care Bear how' you know that no
don't tell anybody that that's
embarrassing okay you know what you
might be the real Santa but you still
hit someone in the face with a hammer I
Didn't Do It cram it cringle well let
the judge decide hey
fickles who me yeah bring them jingle
balls over here it's going to be a black
Christmas you better bend over Santa
Claus is getting ready to come down
you're tripping
what help God
please come on bubbles let's get you out
of there get me away from here taking
you to solitary please what did I do go
what do you want Santa I'm taking this
 and I don't have any toilet paper
oh well it's time for you to go see the
judge so just pull him up and let it
crust okay it won't be the first time I
don't have time to wipe when I deliver
Christmas presents I did not need to
know that Santa come on order order
order order I am the honorable Judge Po
and today we will be hearing the case of
Santa Claus who is being accused of
breaking into Marvin's house and hitting
him with a hammer Santa Claus you are
being charged with breaking and entering
assault with a deadly weapon and giving
me a lump of coal when I was 13 how do
you bad not guilty well I know you're
guilty so Marvin tell me what happened
so I heard my son Jeffy talking to
someone downstairs so I went to go see
what was going on and he was talking to
Santa Claus and then Santa Claus hit me
in the face with a hammer damn looks
like Santa's on the naughty list I
didn't do it that wasn't me okay Santa
well if that wasn't you then what were
you doing tonight what is your Alami I
was driving to the strip club the what
speak up the strip club to get some ho
ho hoes the strip club I have heard
enough you were clearly trying to break
into Marvin's house to steal money to
throw on strippers and you got caught so
you hit him with a hammer Santa Claus I
find you guilty of everything and I
sentence you to 6 months in prison 6
months Christmas is in a week and a half
who's going to deliver the presents well
you should have thought of that before
you went on your crimes free BFF take
him away come on get in your
cell yeah that's right
yeah get in there you know you don't
have to come babysit me I know what I'm
doing I've robbed the house before well
you didn't steal anything from the last
house I was scared just open the damn
door you
 all right be very quiet just hurry
up and grab anything valuable look gold
trophies oh that's what I'm talking
about someone's touching my trophies
what I can sense it when someone's
touching my trophies okay I think that's
all of them hey what the you doing
give me back my trophies no run Sam hey
get back here where you going police
help I gave him a parking ticket for
parking too close to the Cub I can't
believe we just robbed that house yeah
we robbed them for everything they got
this totally makes up for me hitting the
guy with my ham earlier did you say you
just robbed that house oh is that
the cops all right you're coming with me
oh nuts order order order order order so
it turns out we arrested the wrong Santa
earlier today this fake Santa is the one
who's been going around breaking into
people's houses of hitting them with
hammers and it also turns out that his
elf accomplice is my evil twin brother
does bad things pooy come on brother go
easy on me we're family remember when we
were kids and you broke Mom's V and
blamed it on me well this is payback for
that I sentenced both of you to 6 months
in prison and release the real Santa I
told you I didn't want to go back to
jail you nink them poop why are order
good news Santa we found the real fake
Santa that did the crime I didn't do
 cringle is that you you brother but
you guys know each other yes that's my
evil twin brother cringle he was always
mother's favorite oh well you can come
out Santa get in there cringle hey you
you think you could build me
[Music]
up
[Music]
no oh