so guys what do you want to do tonight I
don't know dude I'm bored well I think
we should o you hear that Junior my
tummy's rumbling that means it's grub
time yeah I'm starving too dude yeah I'm
hungry too well you guys think we should
go to McDonald's and get Happy Meals oh
dude yeah that' be fun but guys we don't
have a car oh yeah and we can't drive I
Got a Car wait a minute we want to go to
McDonald's and Jeffy has a car do you
think maybe perhaps Jeffy could use his
car to take us to McDonald's do you
think we should ask him I think we
should hey Jeffy can you drive us to
McDonald's in your car I don't know I
got to ask my mommy and daddy for
permission before I drive at night cuz
last time I hit a moose how did he hit a
moose in Florida hey D oh hey Jeffy
you're just in time for dinner eat your
green beans yucky Jeffy eat your damn
green beans me not for to Hungry time
well if you're not hungry then go to
your room but dang I was going to ask
you if I could go to McDonald's with my
friends and get Happy Meals no Jeffy you
know you can't drive at night cuz last
time you went driving at night you hit a
hippo I thought it was a moose a hippo
Mose Jeffy eat your damn green beans I
got to go pee no if you go driving at
night then I'm going to ground you
almost
forgot oh oh you goober oh you damn
goober you're
grounded oh guys jeffy's coming it seems
like it's good news what's your dad say
my daddy said [ __ ] no a but I'm going to
do it anyway yay we just got to go
really fast so I don't get caught yeah
we're going to have to haul ass if
that's one thing my PP Cruiser can do
tall ass let's go we got our Happy Meals
now get home as fast as you can so your
dad doesn't find out I'm going to send
it Junior yeah go go go go go woo Happy
Meals oh yeah dude I love my nuggies uh
Jeffy that's a red light shy that's a
red
light Jeffy you just ran a red light so
that's against the law you could go to
jail it is yeah oh no oo Jeffy you just
ran a red light who cares dude there's
no cops around
all right guys let's eat our Happy Meals
I'm just glad we get back home without
jeffy's parents finding out guys do you
think I'm going to get in trouble for
running that red light no Jeffy you
already made it home safe the cops can't
find out now yeah dude they can't pull
you over at home well unless there was a
red light camera on it what what's a red
light camera well some red lights have a
camera that takes a picture of your
license plate when you run it that's a
thing yeah dude that sounds like an
invasion of our privacy and Martin
Luther King did not die for that I don't
really see what that has to do with
traffic so you're telling me that the
camera took a picture of my car running
through the red light well maybe if
there was a camera on it my mommy and
daddy can't find out that I ran red
light or else I'm [ __ ] wait guys I have
a solution why don't we just go steal
the traffic light what yeah if we steal
it they can't get the footage of Jeffy
running the red light he can't get in
trouble that's a good idea Junior no
it's not a good idea cuz he'll get in
way more trouble for stealing a traffic
light than just running a red light but
if his parents find out he ran a red
light he'll get grounded and then we
won't have anybody with a car that can
drive us places so we have to steal it
but if he gets caught stealing a traffic
light he'll go to jail it's a risk we
have to take Cody so let's go steal a
traffic light all in favor of stealing a
traffic light say I I I don't know about
this dude I think I'm going to go home
why because I don't want to go to jail
bro uh thanks for the Happy Meal though
well guys I guess it's the Three
Musketeers now nope it's the two
musketeers because I'm not doing it
either why you don't feel good yes I
don't feel good I don't feel good about
stealing a traffic light okay can you at
least be lookout for the cops okay fine
but only because I don't want you guys
to get in trouble but if the cops do
show up I'm snitching on your [ __ ]
asses all right come on Jeff let's go
steal it leave your Happy Meal what you
leave
guys guys I can't believe we just stole
a [ __ ] traffic light that's so crazy
that's so cool guys we're like Rebels
you know other people dream of doing
stuff like that but we actually went out
there and did it you know we're like
like Pirates we just take [ __ ] we see
something we want we just take it so
badass right guys right there so [ __ ]
cool we're so cool right right you know
right yeah we got away with it classic
yeah yeah you know we should steal more
stuff I can't believe it like it
belonged to somebody else and now it's
ours and we didn't even pay for it
that's so [ __ ] cool Cody you were the
most against that traffic I know but now
that we got away with it I want to steal
more things that's awesome Jeffy Jeffy I
think your dad's coming oh no we're
going to get in so much trouble why did
we even do this oh no guys hurry up and
take a traffic light and hide in my room
let hide in his room come on Jeffy oh
candy cane dick does a U-turn Jeffy I
cannot believe you thre your green be to
dinner I'm sorry Dy it slipped no it
didn't you did it on purpose where did
these Happy Meals come from um they um
they're they're they're Junior Joseph
and Cody's and that's that's why I
wanted to go to McDonald's because I
wanted my own cuz I was jealous that
better be the truth Mister it is all
right well you go to your room yes sir
Marvin these Happy Meals aren't eaten oh
look chicky nuckies baby no you can't
eat that we just ate a healthy dinner
but Marvin can I just have one cheky
nuget no what about a Frenchie fry no
baby we already had a can of green beans
each it's healthy Marvin that is not a
real dinner well popey the Sailor Man he
eats a can of green beans that's spinach
well listen we cannot break our diet
okay we're on a strict diet now I'm
going to go make sure jeffy's in bed do
not eat any of that Happy Meal all right
Jeffy we tried to cover up the traffic
light the best we could it's okay my
Daddy doesn't suspect it thing Jeffy
Jeffy I think your dad's coming oh no
you guys got to hide Jeffy are you in
bed yeah why are you under the covers
cuz it's sleep it time let me see your
face I want to make sure it's you let me
see your face
Jeffy all right just making sure good
night Jeffy good night Daddy wait a
minute what is that it's my NightLight
is that a traffic light
Jeffy why is there a tra in your bed
how' it get in your bed Danny can I be
the most honest with you that I've ever
been yes I honestly don't know how the
[ __ ] that traffic light got in his bed
Jeffy does not make any sense traffic
lights just don't appear in bed traffic
lights are not meant for beds well
that's what I was thinking but I got to
the bed I pulled back the sheet [ __ ]
traffic line I said okay I guess this is
what we're doing so I doubled down and I
got into bed Jeffy be honest with me how
did that traffic light get in your bed I
don't know maybe it's a traffic light
tooth fairy or some [ __ ] going around
putting traffic lights in people's beds
old tooth fairy dick covered in teeth
with wings spits out quarters and [ __ ]
Jeffy what are you even talking about
honestly Daddy I don't even know so
you're telling me you swear you don't
know where that traffic light came from
Daddy I swear on my extra chromosome I
don't know where that [ __ ] traffic
light came from all right so I'm going
to investigate this and find out where
it came from I think you should too all
right you better not be lying to me all
right
daddy oh Marvin I swear I wasn't eating
the chicky nuggies I just wanted to
smell them listen we have a bigger
problem on our hands Jeffy has a traffic
light in his
what a traffic light you know the green
light yellow light red light yes I know
what you're talking about so I'm calling
the cops to report it 911 what's your
emergency uh yes my son has a traffic
light in his bed what a traffic light
you know the thing that makes your car
stop and go yeah yeah so that's in his
bed the black dangly thing wait I'm
sorry I don't know what the [ __ ] you're
talking about the black dangly thing
it's in it's in my son's bed a traffic
light okay yeah I know what a traffic
light is but how'd he get in his bed I
don't know he said a traffic light too
Fair he put it there okay well it sounds
like you might be on drugs I'm not on
drugs I saw the traffic light in my
son's bed okay well listen buddy I'm
going to hang up now and pretend this
conversation never happened no no no no
no listen listen red light green light
but in my son's bed okay well listen if
she says red light just stop okay
otherwise you and I might be talking
under different circumstances well no no
it's not like a he didn't believe me
Marvin look the
news breaking news a haunted red light
monster has been arrested for getting up
and walking away from its intersection
ultimately leading into the deadly car
accident that occurred earlier today
baby you don't think huh Jeffy killed
those people by stealing that traffic
light what yeah he killed those people
cuz he stole the traffic light and
caused that accident to happen jeffy's
going to go to jail I don't know
Jeffy who's that hello hey there police
oh the police what are you doing here
well you just called me a minute ago
about your son having a traffic light in
his bed and then there was just a deadly
car accident due to a missing traffic
light so it was kind of like putting
together a two-piece puzzle it was
pretty simple oh I don't think those
things are related at all yeah I would
be really shocked if they weren't I'm
talking really [ __ ] shocked like I
would actually bet my left nut that they
are in fact related and that's actually
my favorite nut because it hangs just
slightly lower than the other one oh
yeah so I'm going to come in and just
try to you knock this out you know see
if someone's going to jail I think they
are I think they're [ __ ] going to
jail come on let's rock this [ __ ] well
well well am I good at my job or what
boom traffic light boom there's a
missing traffic light boom it's right
here in your bed boom Case Closed you
know I'm really excited cuz the chief
gives us a Tootsie pop every time we get
an open and shut case and this case is
sh so who am I arresting first well it
wasn't me it wasn't me either oh I
forgot I got to actually prove you guys
did it God I hate this part it's always
so hard and I can't check for
fingerprints because of course you
touched it it was a traffic light in
your bed I touch it too actually I've
never even touched a traffic light now
I've touched it that was pretty cool now
what well it wasn't me and Jeffy said it
just appeared in his bed I can't even
check the traffic light cameras cuz
there isn't one wait there's no red
light camera on it no not on this one oh
so it didn't see me run the red light
wait so you ran this red light and then
it just showed up in your bed yeah it
must have been mad that I ran the red
light and it followed me all the way
home well red lights can't follow you
home unless it's some kind of haunted
red light monster well it would make
sense if it was haunted because why else
would it leave it spot and cause that
deadly car accident that sounds pretty
haunted to me oh my God you're right
that's exactly what a haunted red light
monster would do a touch my butthole
okay we can add that to the list of
charges it's breaking and entering and
then it came into your bed and my ass
all right that's it you're under arrest
fored light monster you're coming with
me freaking heavy Jesus you could you
could you lift that in this this sucks
[ __ ] this
thing breaking news a haunted red light
monster has been arrested for getting up
and walking away from its intersection
ultimately leading into the deadly car
accident that occurred earlier today
Marvin I'm so so glad that haunted
traffic light is behind bars it can't
hurt anyone else anymore justice has
been served Jeffy how's your butt
feeling prolapsed and leaking well Jeffy
that traffic light is behind bars so you
let me know if there's ever another
traffic light in your bed I will Danny
and I'll scream too I'll be like Danny
come quick did your traffic light in my
bed okay good baby where are those
chicken nuggets that were in that box uh
well Marvin I know what you're thinking
but I did not eat them okay um I was
going to eat them but they ran away
because they were haunted chicken
nuggets baby that is the worst lie I've
ever heard chicken nuggets cannot get up
and run away and chicken nuggets can't
be haunted but Marvin it's true don't
lie to me you're teaching Jeffy how to
lie cuz right now jeffy's been telling
the truth for a while now and you're
going to teach him how to lie so you
better you better own up to it you're
right Marvin I'm sorry yeah don't lie
you be more like Jeffy tell the truth
yeah I'm a truther I've been truthing
around this [ __ ] all day nothing gets
past you Marvin nope nothing gets past
me I'm smart yeah I know everything
[Music]
oh