all right class today is Happy St
Patrick's Day so if you're not wearing
green you get pitched see me I have
grape hands on so you better not pinch
me well if I beat your ass I have black
belt Taekwondo
anyway if you're not wearing green then
I give the entire craft permission to
pinch you so no who's not wearing green
Cody is it Cody wait wait wait wait wait
wait I have green eyes where yeah you
got three seconds dude uh which is uh oh
God damn it
okay fine you pinched me what about
Penelope she's not wearing green uh she
has a green under her shoes ugly green
eyes man this stupid pigtail things yeah
what about Jeffy Mario dowski oh yeah
see Cody you're the only loser who
didn't wear green today well I have this
green
didn't wear it his Blue's my color well
you do know that every 15 seconds you
don't wear green be the pinch you but
that's not a rule yeah that's now it is
horse boy oh nice one dude I know I just
thought of that name man Joseph remember
when we pinched Cody today for not
wearing green oh yeah dude what a time
to be alive yeah I want to pitch him
again it's just so fun oh me too why is
he always forget to wear green on St
Patrick's Day because he's an idiot dude
what's up homies what the [ __ ] Cody what
are you wearing it's madurag Snoopy I
got tired of getting pinched so I joined
a gang you didn't join a gang bro you're
not in the game yeah I am the Gang Green
gang we amputate snitches when they get
infected with snitch juice that's not a
real gangster stop lying Cody yeah it is
in The Powerpuff Girls we call ourselves
the slimes there's the Bloods there's
the Crips and we're the slimes they call
me key lime slime because we're all
named after something green there's this
guy whose name is slime slime and he's
our leader dude I swear to God if you
step outside looking like that you're
gonna get shot nah stop spitting on my
wheezies dog what yeah you're totally
yanking my bacon back off the road
before the commode explodes homie do get
him oh okay I'm gonna pinch you Cody no
you can't pinch me because I I'm greener
than a than a pasture or some [ __ ]
out you can't pitch me what are you
gonna do call your slimes yeah that's
exactly what I'm gonna do
that's the Slime call they must be busy
sliming around somewhere well I'm gonna
go slime walk home what the Slime walk
that's where you slide on your ass like
a snail like Gary from SpongeBob
dude what the hell is wrong with him
he's just so weird
hopefully now they'll never pinch me
again for not wearing green skinamarinky
dink eating skinamarinky doo I love
dudes oh look at kitty cat wrong
neighborhood essay excuse me right this
is gas Crush territory you wouldn't want
to get cut Scratch Fever oh this no no
no I'm not really in a gang see it's
just St Patrick's Day and I have to wear
green so I don't get pinched so you're
telling me since I'm not wearing your
colors you're going to beat me oh no I
would never Hey cuz what you doing on my
block This Crew territory but Dad this
is three oh I told your princess last
time this is my block get off it you're
barking up to your own trigato oh man I
swear to God I put a bullet in your ass
right now put it that I like to see you
try guys guys stop yanking each other's
Bacons this is slime territory
what's wrong slimy what happened to your
green bandana I got jumped by a bunch of
gangs on the way home see ya told you
yeah we said that was gonna happen well
I'm never gonna join a gang again
Junior what was that for you're not
wearing green anymore hey man I'm tired
of this not wearing green crap okay fine
how about this what if I got a green
tattoo would that count yeah I mean
you'd always have green on you we
couldn't pinch you okay yeah I'll do
that I'll get like a four-leaf clover
tattooed in my hand hey guys I'm back
Cody why do you look like the Incredible
Hulk more like the incredible door
okay well I went to the tattoo shop to
get my four-leaf clover tattoo on my
hand and it looked like [ __ ] and the guy
said it would be really painful to get
it removed so I said you know what just
do my entire body make me completely
green that's the solution yeah so now
every St Patrick's Day you guys better
watch out because you can't pinch me
anymore whatever you say dude did it
hurt to get your whole body tattooed oh
it was the most excruciating pain I've
ever felt in my life but hey I'm green
I'm green
you know like the like the blue song
Cody we're just trying to watch the news
[Music]
the president of the United States is
holding an emergency press conference
let's go to that now my fellow Americans
today is St Patrick's Day I was pinched
for not wearing green and that really
cheesed me off so I'm making the color
green illegal if you are caught wearing
the color green you will be sentenced to
30 years in prison the color Green's
illegal but my shorts are green my whole
outfit is green uh guys oh
what's wrong Cody uh Earth did you
did you may hold
my home screen oh my God it is green
what are you gonna do Cody I don't know
I don't know Mexican what
green oh so you're an illegal alien no
Junior shut
I can be arrested because of the color
of my skin join the club it's been
happening for years no no I mean like
this is really
really
but no I just mean like right now this
just happens so please hide me I'll hide
you like in an underground railroad but
no Junior shut up I don't know what I'm
gonna do oh well I don't know what
you're gonna do but me and Joseph need
to change our clothes so we don't get
arrested yeah
all right Joseph this is gonna have to
be our outfits from now on yeah dude I
chose a yellow shirt with my name on it
because I thought it would be original
and unique right yeah I don't think
anyone's ever done that before hey Cody
what are you gonna do about your outfit
well if I just wear this every day for
the rest of my life I guess I'll be fine
Cody why are you wearing all that well
this is the only outfit I could find
that would cover up all the green and
I'm gonna be honest Junior it's pretty
goddamn hot in this outfit so could you
please be a gentleman and turn on your
AC Cody why are you wearing a football
helmet the Spider-Man mask you cover
your face well see that sting Junior for
some reason the Spider-Man mask leaves
my ears exposed so I'm gonna have to
keep this stupid football helmet on I
still see your ear God damn it
is that better yeah okay I don't see any
green right now Cody you can't wear that
every day for the rest of your life well
I'm gonna have to until they hopefully
change the law
there's someone at the door I'll get it
hello hey there random green inspection
random green inspection yeah ever since
they made the color green illegal I now
have a warrant to come into anyone's
house and find things that are green
well there's nothing green what the [ __ ]
is that what that right there what is
this what is this some kind of green
plant get the [ __ ] out of here what what
plants are illegal now and that lawn you
have out there I'm gonna have to tear
that up only dirt Lawns are allowed I
don't even know what the hell we're
gonna do about trees so everything
that's green is illegal everything even
if I pick my nose and have a burger
don't don't say that word please what
booger yes that word don't say it but
booger's not a bad word damn it
yeah probably not brother oh Brooklyn
guy at St Patrick's Day and you're not
wearing green [ __ ] actually you know
what the color green is illegal now so I
think I can arrest you oh you wouldn't
arrest your best oh I mean I wouldn't
but you know I have to because it's my
job yeah you're right you're the
manliest man ever you're the man that
does what he wants so you you can arrest
me yeah I will be doing that who are you
talking to oh this is my imaginary
friend booger I I know you can't see him
but he's annoying as all hell and he
appears anytime anybody says the word
booger three times hey who's this weird
horn kid like you can't hear him but he
just told you a weird horned kid which
to be fair he has a point like why do
you have horns I don't know huh hey
Google
I mean I might if he has green in his
house
I'll help you find some greed on him oh
you know what booger I have an idea how
about you go outside and you count
everything you see that's green oh
what account
oh God he's so annoying okay so I'm
gonna come in and look for you if you
had anything
okay how about this booger you see that
yard way the hell over there oh yeah
yeah go count every blade of grass in
that yard okay I'll go
Jesus I'm coming in who's at the door
Junior it was the cops what are the cops
doing here they're looking for green
dude
random green check just looking for
anything oh my my God it's Spider-Man I
know you're trying to hide with that
football helmet and Harley jacket but I
just want to say I'm a huge fan wait a
minute which Spider-Man are you Toby
Maguire Andrew Garfield Tom Holland huh
uh none of those I'm the Miles Morales
Spider-Man oh really well you got any
drugs on you boy dude get used to it
it's a skin issue but no no no no I'm
not actually Spider-Man okay not
Spider-Man aren't you only here to look
for green things yeah that's true and I
don't see anything green so I guess you
guys are in the clear what the [ __ ] get
on the ground you're under arrest what'd
I do this what Junior what's he see uh
your back's exposed and it's green oh
damn it all right you're not actually
Miles Morales so let's see who you
really are oh my God it's Spider-Man I'm
such a big fan you already did that oh
that's right so let's see who you really
are you're not actually Spider-Man
you're the Incredible Hulk but which
Hulk are you are you Eric Bana huh Ed
Norton huh Mark Ruffalo uh Eric Bana
wrong answer you're going to jail well
actually you're going to court and then
you're going to jail what was the right
answer Mark Ruffalo come on
[Music]
Cody you are being accused of wearing
the color green although I can see you
actually are green so you're obviously
guilty but you are guilty of wearing the
color green after the color green was
made illegal so how do you explain your
greenness uh well you see your honor I I
had my entire body tattooed green
because I was tired of people pinching
me on St Patrick's Day and then they
passed a law making the color green
illegal so so that's that's what
happened hmm I see it's a tattoo and you
had the tattoo before the law so I can
sentence you to 30 years in prison what
a shame oh I know I order you to get the
tattoos removed with excruciatingly
painful lasers excruciatingly painful
lasers
oh God it braids oh
ow ow ouch owie yikes jeez are you okay
Cody uh junior that tattoo removal was
the most excruciating experience of my
entire life did it hurt yes Junior I
just said it heard don't you know how to
get rid of tattoos they burn them off
with a laser that's like a thousand
degrees that's a lot of college what
you're gonna do with all that knowledge
okay I burn my skin Cody why your eyes
red oh cause the blood vessels in my
eyes burst from all the pain I was in
and then I tried to lick the laser
because I thought it looked tasty and
then it burned my tongue see
and then when they were burning my scalp
all my hair just fell out so that's why
I don't have any hair wait a minute
you're the Cody from the chip challenge
video no no no
so Cody did you learn your lesson yeah I
learned that I probably should have just
bought a green shirt and not tattooed my
entire body yeah so anyway pipe down
Cody we're trying to watch the news the
news I'm in too much pain
[Music]
breaking news okay the president of the
United States is holding another
emergency press conference let's go to
that now my fellow Americans I realize
the law I passed earlier to Outlaw the
color green was pretty silly so I am now
making the color green legal again but
I'm introducing a new law that it is now
illegal to pinch the president wow Cody
you got that tattoo lasered off for no
reason
what'd you say yeah son of a [ __ ] that
was son of a [ __ ] in Spanish
[Music]