so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know Joseph who are you T don't
ask him do not give him the attention
that he wants but I want to know Junior
it's not worth it it's never worth it n
crazy oh Junior I got to ask him please
don't ask him
please oh Junior it's killing me I have
fomo I need to be included in the joke
people like that only want attention why
you s a picture like that Joseph who are
you texting oh my God you so damn nosy
Cody but if you must know I just been
texting a dude that I met online he's
pretty chill wait you met a dude online
yeah it's nothing weird like that get
your mind out of the gutter God all we
do is talk about sports he's an Eagles
fan wait how old is this guy uh he's in
his 30s or 40s that's weird Joseph no
it's not we just talk about basketball
and football I promise nothing weird the
only weird thing he's ever done was send
me a picture of his junk but I think it
was by accident he must have been trying
to send it to his doctor or something
but he just sent it multiple times like
many times over more than I can count
Joseph he's starting to sound like one
of these n don't try my homeboy like
that he's not one of those n he's he
can't be can't be he just likes cupcakes
and I invited him over to EA you invited
him over to my house yeah he's pretty
chill I thought you would like that
Joseph who buys gray yellow and white
cupcakes they're the color of my sadness
Cody H yes Jeffy cupcakes yummy wait why
are the cupcakes all messed up yeah what
did you pogo stick on the way over here
now you know my only way of
transportation is a pogo stick Cody oh
that's him dude oh let's meet him
downstairs with the cupcakes I'm going
to call the call the cops yeah I was
going to say call the cops yeah what's
up dude I got the cupcakes I'm glad you
can make it what the going on
everybody it's your boy 445 if
that's his name yeah it's pretty cool
isn't it so what are you doing here yeah
I just took a mean ass Chipotle
and um I've been holding this for
almost what 15 16 hours I used so much
tissue to wipe my ass with when I
flushed the toilet it didn't go all the
way the down so um of course
there's tissue not all of the tissue can
go down in the toilet you feel
me yeah that that makes sense oh look
the cops are here okay freeze get up
against the wall you're under arrest
yeah arrest them for talking to kids
online no don't arrest my friend what
are you doing here bub well I was
actually coming out here to pick up a
cupcake and then go back home oh yeah
likely story you're coming with me yeah
that's right arrest him dang it guys I
can't believe you got my friend freaking
arrested you guys suck well Joseph he
got himself arrested he was one of these
no he wasn't he was not one of those
you're a liar hey guys thanks for
helping me catch that guy who knows what
could have happened he would have ate a
cupcake oh I don't think he was after
cupcakes yes he was look at the text
that's all he want it oh God so much
penis oh it's a good thing he's in jail
he already had several charges including
destroying a Chipotle bathroom what do
you guys want to do now well you guys
are so good at helping me catch people
like that if you guys weren't underage
I'd use you as bait all the time well
I'm not
underage I think we have today's video
idea okay kids you can scram this is a
Jeffy video now Jeffy call your dad in
here Dy what do you want
Jeffy what are you doing here oh I just
came to arrest you for how you've been
treating these cupcakes those aren't my
cupcakes ooh so you're saying I can have
one sure okay well it's actually illegal
to give away something that's not yours
but I'll let it slide just this once if
I can have a cupcake I said you can okay
well I can't let it slide twice you're
under arrest for what I'm just joshing
you calm down what are you doing here oh
well I got a job offer for Jeffy oh no
I'm not working at that Five Nights at
Freddy's place uh no no that's that's a
different video and that's not happening
for a while I mean sure as hell not in
January adds a then I mean maybe in
February we'll see so what's your job
offer oh well earlier tonight I uh one
of those came over to the house and
tried to talk to Jeffy and some other
kids one of those yeah don't worry I
arrested him but that got me thinking
you know we could get Jeffy to go online
and pretend to be a kid to attract you
know those people and then whenever they
come over here I arrest them um that
sounds kind of dangerous oh what's
dangerous about inviting a monster over
to your home whose only intention is to
assault somebody look you'll be fine
how's the pay oh the pay is great it's
kind of a commission sort of situation
so Jeffy would get 100 bucks for every
guy I arrest so it' be 100 bucks per
perve 100 bucks per perve so if you
arrest 100 perves in a night that's
$10,000 in a night yeah but I don't
think your kid is that
good-looking and also they'd have to
line up at the door and take a number
and then they see people coming out in
handcuffs look let's just see what
happens all right yeah we're down we're
totally down okay I'll go get my
laptop okay I got my laptop and I'm
setting Jeffy up a profile okay his
username is my parents aren't home 2011
and I set his age as 12 hold on I got to
take a picture for the profile make a
good face Jeffy yeah that's great okay
let me just uh upload that oh I got a
biter okay he's coming over already oh
yeah my pedo RZ is unreal the things I
said were diabolical so what's going to
happen now okay so now whenever the guy
comes over jeffy's going to open the
door and he's going to let the guy in
and take him to the kitchen then he's
going to say he has to go use the
bathroom or something and then this TV
show host is going to come in and roast
the hell out of him damn right oh okay
well what if the guy has a gun he's not
going to have a gun calm down oh he's
here everybody take your positions Jeffy
go answer the door okay hello and
welcome to how to catch a pervert just
outside this door is a man who thinks
he's going to be meeting up with a
12-year-old boy but really he's going to
be meeting up with our 19-year-old decoy
Jeffy Jeffy I'm going to go hide in the
pantry until you bring the Pervert into
the kitchen and then I'm going to come
out and roast him with hilarious puns oh
that sounds like him he must be hungry
answer the door Jeffy okay hello oh God
damn you're hot so uh you are my parents
aren't home 2011 right yeah and you are
12 right uh-huh oh jackpot so uh you
going to invite me in don't be rude yeah
come on inside and smell my butthole oh
don't mind if I do all right you stay
right here and I'm going to go to the
bathroom and wipe all right baby a
couple sips of this NY and he'll be out
and I'll be in hey there sir back off
he's mine I found him first ew well what
were your intentions here today I'm
trying to smash man what you talking
about what you thought this was so
you're not even trying to deny it huh
listen I'm not sharing you can have
what's left after with nothing
inappropriate happening here today well
I didn't think it would happen here I
assumed we'd be doing it in like a
bedroom or something listen I don't
think you understand you're on the hit
TV show how to catch a pervert oh you're
recording this that's great be sure to
send me a copy afterwards no no that
that's not what we're doing listen
you're going to jail and this is a
police officer I can't go back to jail
this is a setup help police I'm the
cameraman freeze get on the ground
you're under arrest I'm not going back
to jail oh he has a gun run okay
okay let him go it he has a gun
just just lock the doors did I hear
gunshots yeah he had a gun did you
arrest him no because he had a gun don't
you have a gun yeah but I left it in the
car well go get it and go after him no I
want to do this this is more fun there's
a predator on the loose that shot up
police but yeah but you're not my boss
okay you can't tell me what to do well
do we at least get the $100 no because
it's per arrest and I didn't arrest him
oh man so I wiped for no reason no no
you wiped for a reason because I am the
rizzler and I'm going to RIS up some old
men well what if the next one has a gun
well I'm just going to Pat him down when
he comes in you can't Pat him down he'll
know he's caught immediately well I'm
just going to tell him that I'm jeffy's
14-year-old older brother who's playing
cops you don't look 14 yeah well you're
bald oh yeah Marvin by the way we're
going to need you to interrogate the
next pedo well what happened to Steve
Well Steve broke his nose when the last
one headbutted him and he doesn't want
to do it anymore so it has to be you I
don't want to get headbutted I'm not
doing it listen it's 100 bucks man okay
I'll do it oh I got one ooh with a
wiener pick put that in the small folder
yeah I'm categorizing the wiener so I
can make a collage for the Met it's been
a long time since I put one in the
humongous folder though might just have
to take a picture of my own
wiener oh he's here okay Jeffy you know
what to do Marvin go downstairs hello
hey there oh hey Jeffy I didn't know you
were 12 I'm not I'm 19 but I lied you
said you were 12 hey bud I got to pat
you down real quick who are you oh I'm
his 14-year-old brother you don't look
14 yeah well I saw your dick and I put
it in the small folder he's clean but I
wouldn't say clean I have herpes well
you want to come and shy okay all right
you stay right here and I'm going to go
shave my okay hell
wide oh look Koolaid yummy hey there who
are you I am jeffy's father oh no am I
in trouble you're in a lot of trouble
can you pee on me what I've been a
naughty piggy and I need someone to pee
on me no one's going to pee on you cuz
you're on the hit TV show how to catch a
perve oh no am I going to jail yeah cuz
you're a perv
oh my dad's going to be so disappointed
I'm sorry
Daddy I'm such a you were trying
to get with a 12-year-old I was I'm so
sorry well you got to leave so you can
go to jail I don't want to leave can I
stay here with you no you got to leave
okay can I go out the back door can you
go out the back door I think so okay can
I take this Co with me yeah you can take
whatever you want you're going to jail
thank you what the hell is taking so
long where is he ready to arrest him so
where are you from Australia Sydney guys
where the hell is Peppa my ball 69 who
the weirdo oh he went out the back door
the back door you're supposed to send
him out the front door he said he could
go out the back door well I didn't know
God damn it guys we let another one get
away get away you don't have the whole
house surrounded with cops no we're the
only two cops here and I'm the cameraman
God you're only supposed to send them
out the front door do I get $100 no
because we didn't arrest anybody damn it
Marvin this is not supposed to be this
hard we've already lost two and both of
them are your fault how is the first one
my fault I warned about the gun okay
yeah you're right the second one was
your fault okay we're both tied one at
one your fault yes okay deal but we're
still going to arrest one tonight
because I am going to become The Wizard
of Oz the ultimate Riz I'm going to give
this everything I've got okay okay I've
matched with one let's see oh yeah yeah
he'll like that oh that's good oh that's
nasty that's nasty no no no no that
sounds desperate no it's no good let's
try a different approach okay I think I
got him and
send oh and we got a wienner pick too
let's open that up woof oh my God look
at this thing Marvin come look I don't
want to Marvin come look oh sweet Jesus
I know right look at that thing that's
going in the humongous folder can I see
no no you can't no actually you know
what getting its own folder called Dam
with not enough storage Marvin do you
have an external hard drive preferably 2
terab we don't have time for that oh
terabyte dick Marvin I'm not going to
lose this this is a unicorn it's like
seeing a supernova in a telescope it's
one in a million is that him yeah it
must be him okay let's go over the plan
Jeffy you're going to bring him in and
take him to the kitchen I'm going to Pat
him down Marvin send him through the
front door why don't you just arrest him
at the front door and we eliminate the
kitchen huh yeah that's a good idea you
know what let's just feel it out Jeffy
to the door on
hello hey there kid ready to play with
my snake balloon excuse me sir let me
just pat you down real quick oh God I
can feel it oh God it might as well be a
gun can we hurry this up I got to let
this kid play with my snake balloon sir
what were your intentions here tonight
to let this kid play with my snake
balloon well I saw the messages I wrote
them myself why would you write the
messages for him does his hands not work
no sir this is a sting are you a
bumblebee no no what I mean is this is a
trap where no this is the hit TV show
how to catch a pervert don't you see the
camera crew oh they're not here
because we didn't tell them we were
doing this at the front door they're
still in the kitchen okay you know what
you're still under arrest all right hell
yeah Marvin we got one we did so I get
$100 no because you didn't talk to the
guy and we didn't get it on camera so
we're not going to make any money off
this one oh well what about the footage
from the first two guys well that
footage is not usable because those guys
got away and the show is not called how
to let a pervert get away it's how to
catch a pervert so we'd have to actually
catch one well then just try to get
another pervert over here and I'll help
nah I'm all rised out for the tonight
maybe some other time though for right
now I have to point at the camera and
say something hey don't talk to
strangers and definitely don't meet up
with strangers you met online or on
[Music]
fortnite