hey Danny can I blow up balloons with my
helium tank where'd you get a helium
tank Jeffy we got him one Marvin so he
could blow up his own balloons and save
money I don't remember doing that sure
is that yes sure sure Jeffy all right
good you pop that on there we really
bought him that yeah
Marvin all right Jeffy that's enough air
not enough air Jeffy it's going to pop
it's not going to pop Jeffy yes it is
stop it I no it's going to pop Jeffy
it's not going to pop I told you why did
it pop because you put too much air in
it I didn't put air in it I put helium
in it what you know what I'm talking
about Jeffy you put too much helium in
it all right well I'm just going to blow
up another
bedon wait I'm out of bedon yeah Jeffy
so look it looks like you're done
playing with your stupid balloon can you
go to the store and buy me more bedons
no well then I'm just going to search
this house top to bottom for more bedons
I think we have some in the kitchen
Jeffy great why' you tell them where the
balloons are I'm sorry all right Danny I
found your box you D I'm going to start
blowing them up now all right don't put
a lot of helium in at this time okay
Daddy Marvin do you think Jeffy would
make me a pink balloon oh yeah oh oh I
want a balloon too hey Jeffy can you
make me a balloon here you go daddy
here's the first Bon Jeffy what is that
it's a bedon where'd you get it at
underneath your bed let go of it why
it's a gross balloon Jeffy gross balloon
yeah you don't you don't use those well
I have no more bedons left well Jeffy
why don't you try sucking the helium
suck the helium how much is it going to
pay me what well usually when you suck
something they pay you no no no no no
Jeffy no no she's talking about suck the
helium I know no look it makes your
voice all funny
watch hey Jeffy look it's me
Marvin why did it do that well that's
just what helium does Jeffy look you try
it
okay hey guys what
doing why didn't do that well that's
just what helium does Jeffy look keep
going keep
going okay I'm Elmo tile my
balls why' it do that well look Jeffy
how about you take the helium tank in
your room and keep playing with it okay
Daddy okay finally got him out of here
all right guys you ready to play Pac-Man
oh yeah dude yeah Junior you know I love
gobbling
balls yummy God I hate you what hey guys
check out
[ __ ] all right now we got that together
well that's cool what a six helium tank
Jeffy where'd you get it my daddy bought
it for me dope dope dope dope dope dope
dope dope yeah let me show you what it
does hey guys I'm Elmo and I got the
tickle ships why it do that I don't know
they just want a NS well Cody you should
try it
okay hey I'm Cody I sound like Alvin or
one of the Chipmunks especially from The
Squeakquel not chip wrecked though I
haven't seen that one or the road chip
cuz I can't watch that until I watch
chip wrecked it probably sucks ass
anyway why' you do that I don't know
Joseph you should try it okay I'll
try oh dude this sounds so cool my mom
abandoned me no one loves
me I want to do that I'm going try
it what do I sound like guys oh my God I
sound like SpongeBob Chef peee make me a
crabby patty
dad why does it do that why does it do
that why does it do that why does it do
that that's so cool hey Jeffy you know
should do you should try to suck the
entire helium tank all right bet well
guys I don't think that's a good idea
that seems dangerous where does it say
that's dangerous well probably says that
somewhere on here well it does
say oo on youring well oh yeah it does
say that I don't know what that means
but it does say that do you think that's
bad well probably Jeffy suck the entire
tank right now all right I'm going hit
it good [ __ ]
do that I'm going to go annoy my Daddy
hey Daddy oh I can tell you're still
sucking helium Jeffy yeah Daddy I'm
sucking it like the girl on the straight
Corner that you told me about last
Friday night what he doesn't know what
he's talking about baby his brain's
messed up from all the helium it's just
so funny because like why does he do
that I don't know Jeffy it's just what
helium does Marvin why is his voice
still so high pitched it should have
worn off by now Jeffy how much helium
have you sucked the whole tank what
Jeffy that could kill you well no one
told me that Marvin we we need to call a
doctor right now okay I'm on it hey
there somebody call a doctor yes doctor
so my son look at me when you're talking
to me well listen I'm telling my I said
look at me when you're talking to me God
damn it look into my eyes now tell me
what is going on what the hell is going
on well my son when he talks it's weird
Jeffy talk hey guys it's me Jeffy why
does it do that well we know why his
voice sounds like that because well it
sounds to me like his balls haven't
dropped but he didn't sound like that
yesterday well maybe he got kicked in
the nuts and it made his voice higher
cuz sometimes when you get kicked in the
nuts it makes your voice higher well no
we know what happened ask me how I know
what ask me how I know that when you get
kicked in the nuts sometimes it makes
your voice get higher but we know why
his ask me how I know how do you know
well when I was younger I was the king
at kicking people in the nuts you don't
have legs exactly and this is the story
of how I lost my legs don't worry baby
birds I'll feed you this is what
happened so back in high school I was in
PE class playing this game called
kickball now I'd never really heard of
kickball and I didn't understand the
rules but I thought I could probably
figure it out so they rolled this big
red ball to me and I thought that was
some kind of obstacle so I jumped over
it and then I ran up and I kicked the
guy in the mound right in the balls and
the ball crunch was so satisfying he
squealed like a little girl and then
after that I was just addicted to
kicking balls I ran around all the bases
kicking everybody in the balls everybody
on the playground was just laying on the
ground holding their balls and I thought
I was the Kickball champion cuz
everybody was calling me ball bust of
Brooklyn until the PE teacher ran up and
told me to go to the principal's office
for kicking people in the balls so so I
kicked him in the balls and then I went
to the principal's office and the
principal told me that I was suspended
for kicking people in the balls so I
kicked him in the balls too and then
they called the cops and as you can
imagine I kicked them in the balls and
they were not happy about that at all so
they sent me to jail you know they took
my mug shot I kicked the photographer in
the balls and then they sent me to my
cell and I kicked my cellmate in the
balls so then they sent me to the
electric chair and I kicked the
Executioner in the balls and then after
that they didn't know what to do so they
called my parents and my parents came
and got me and my dad said I was
grounded for kicking people in the balls
and that that might teach me a lesson so
I kicked him in the balls and then they
sent me to a therapist to figure out why
I was kicking people in the balls so
much and my therapist said it had
something to do with unresolved feelings
about my mother so I kicked him in the
balls and then they sent me to a mental
institution and they put me in a
straight jacket but my legs were still
free so I kept kicking people in the
balls and then they put me in straight
pants so I couldn't kick anybody in the
balls and then my parents and the
teachers and the doctors and the cops
and Bill Clinton who was president at
the time they all got together and were
trying to figure out out what to do
about me cuz I Was a Serial ball kicker
and then they decided that they needed
to amputate my legs cuz I just could not
be trusted with legs anymore so they
amputated my legs and I haven't kicked
anyone in the balls ever since but if I
had my legs back i' kick you in the
balls I kick you in the balls I'd
somehow surgically give you balls and
then kick you in the balls no ball would
go left unkicked I don't know how you
have legs and you're not just kicking
balls all day because it's wrong well
you're a better man than me anyway I
think your son's voice is probably high
pitched cuz he got kicked in the balls
no he did not get kicked in the balls we
know why his voice is high pitched
pitched oh well then why did you let me
tell my very long story because you
wouldn't let me talk oh well then go
ahead and talk all right jeffy's voice
is high pitched cuz he sucked helium oh
I've sucked helium before yep I owed him
money couldn't pay him back any other
way yeah helium Martinez owed him 50
bucks couldn't pay him back so I had to
take him out back and then we Oh you
mean helium the gas yeah yeah no that
that's what I meant too yeah helium the
gas yeah that's that's what I sucked I
I've sucked the gas yeah I actually have
a whole story about it yeah yeah yeah me
and my grandpa Joe were at Wily
Chocolate Factory and we stole fizzy
lifting drinks right and we started
floating up toward the ceiling but then
there was a big fan up there so then we
realized if we burp it makes us go lower
so oh wait that that didn't happen to me
that happened to Charlie Bucket in the
movie Willy Wonka in the Chocolate
Factory I'm just going to stop talking
now yeah so jeffy's voice is high
pitched it's just stuck that way Jeffy
talk y all my name is Nico bolock H well
I don't know have you tried burping it
worked for Charlie Bucket Jeffy try to
burp well I've done all I can do H well
see the thing is he sucked an entire
tank of helium oh my God that's
dangerous he could have died well is he
going to no I mean if he was going to
die he probably would have done it
already huh oh oh I have an idea H how
about this have you tried sucking on
that gas that makes your voice deeper
there's a there's a gas that makes your
voice deeper yeah yeah yeah it's a
sodium hexif floride I think yeah yeah
you suck it and makes your voice deeper
it's like the opposite of helium well
we'll grab it we'll give it to Jeffy as
first we go back to normal I mean that
[ __ ] ain't cheap Jack it's like 400
bucks a Le leader it is yeah and I have
a leader at my house but it's going to
cost you well um all I have is $100 H
okay well you know what for you buddy
I'll take a 75% loss but you know you
can't be too careful all right it checks
out I'm going to go get that all right I
got it and it's actually sulfur
hexafluoride not sodium hexafluoride duh
it's me being stupid how could I mix
that up so if Jeffy inhales this his
voice will go deep yeah it should okay
you ready Jeffy yeah go
[Applause]
it smells like [ __ ] wait it does oh god
oh what is
that oh God that's terrible that's the
worst thing i' ever smell what is that
is that that is not what it's oh man
it's my gamergirl fart jar what yeah I
bought a jar gamergirl farts for like
1,000 bucks off only fans but why would
you do that I don't know I thought I
might be into it she said that she only
ate deviled eggs and cream cheese for a
whole week and she had SEI so I don't
know that's disgusting I just thought I
might be into it but I'm not well I'm
kind of into
it what so you don't have the fluoride
hexa stuff no I do I just got the jars
mixed up hold on I'll get
it okay this is the jar of sulfur
hexafluoride are you sure that's what
this is yes it says it right there and
it looks just like the other jar wait
where is the other jar I threw it off
the couch oh man I need that I paid good
money for
this get in there
okay yeah I like this I think I'm going
to live in here like Sandy Cheeks what
that's disgusting hey this this is a new
Loa for me all right so if Jeffy
breathes then his voice will be like
normal yeah I think so all right all
right Jeffy breathe
this his voice is really deep it's not
normal oh hey hey how about this say
Luke I am your father Luke I am your
father H it's not the same how are we
going to fix his voice it's deep now oh
I have an idea all we need to do is just
get a little bit of helium well I
already sucked all the helium out of the
tank oh well that's not good wait what
about that up there look at that balloon
wait that's not a balloon that's a ew
what says the guy with the gamer girl
fart draw on his head touche all right
Jeffy look that balloon up there it's
really gross but we're going to bring it
down here you're going to suck a little
bit of helium out of it okay all right
bu how am I going to
get all right Jeffy here's the balloon
so what you're going to do is you're
going to suck the helium out until your
voice goes back to normal okay all
Dy how is this h no suck a little bit
more that's what I
said what about now daddy that's perfect
Jeffy your voice is back to normal yay
yeah today was a big
success I'm going to go buy more of
these jws don't judge
me well Jeffy don't suck helium ever
again okay I won't
[Music]
m