Bo I want to go out tonight Karen why
don't you just play with the stuff I got
you for Christmas Bo you got me a bunch
of random junk you got me handcuffs and
Hubba Bubba bubblegum now Karen don't
forget about Hungry Hungry Hippos but Bo
it's already opened it was cheaper that
way Bo you know what I think I think you
forgot to get me a Christmas present so
you got your handcuffs from work and you
stopped at the gas station on the way
home for the bubblegum and I don't know
where this board getting paid from Ken
you're only right about one of those
things which one Bo that you don't know
where Hungry Hungry Hippos came from and
I'll give you a Hint it was my
daughter's closet Bo you owe me a date
night for all these shitty Christmas
presents what shitty no no no no this is
Hubba Bubba Bubble tape it's over 6 ft
of fun that's taller than me Bo I want
to go out none of this stuff is useful
it's plenty useful look you could you
could handcuff your phone to your wrist
so you don't lose it but B there's no
key next year Karen next year you can't
have everything all at
once boie I'm giving you the silent
treatment oh I just thought you were
done talking Bo I'm not talking to you
until I get what I want
okay B this is me being Silent not
silent enough hold on Karen there's
someone at the door hello hey Santa
Claus thank God you're here so like my
wife I didn't get her anything for
Christmas that's what Santa what's
what's going on you said wife yeah my
wife yeah so I didn't get her anything
for Santa I'm trying to tell you a
serious problem I have when you're
crying I don't get it Mrs Claus left me
oh buddy that's that's terrible but how
did you do it though because I I tried
not giving her Christmas presents and
she's still here bnie what's going on oh
Santa's sad cuz his wife left a you pole
thing come on inside
okay thanks for letting me come inside
bie you see that that's your future
unless you get me a nice Christmas
present next year yeah I envy him what
uh Santa how about you have some Hubba
Bubba that'll cheer you up Bo that's my
Hubba Bubba he's grieving Karen you owe
me another Hubba Bubba boy Santa just
tell us what happened okay here's what
happened it was the night after
Christmas and I came home to my house
when on the floor I spotted my wife's
blouse then to my ears came such a
clatter I ran to my room to see what was
the matter I threw open the door and it
hit the wall with a crash I witnessed my
wife in the midst of a smash there the
Easter Bunny was with his eggs in my
wife's basket I couldn't believe it and
flip my gasket get out of my house you
furry tailed [ __ ] out popped the
leprechaun too man I was [ __ ] out of
luck we fought through the door and
fought through the hall we fought down
the street far from my wife's angry call
get out of my house you Old Saint Nick I
don't want you anymore I like my
rabbit's dick on we fought through the
snow the sleep and the ice I told that
rabbit son of a [ __ ] he isn't very nice
for what he did to my marriage my
partner my my wife that's when Mrs Claus
threw my sack of clothes at me and told
me to get out of her life so here I came
to your front door in such a fright what
a horrible day and a terrible
night a you poor poor man I'm so sorry
so she was getting banged by the Easter
bunny and a leprechaun Bo yeah she was
getting Eiffel towered I think that's
where the elves came from well surely
she didn't give birth to all the elves
you would have noticed well she is a fat
[ __ ] oh don't even get me started about
fat [ __ ] my ex-wife what I wasn't
going to say anything nice about her I
was just going to say she was a cow or
or should I say a Hungry Hungry Hippo
yeah if they put her in the game she
would be the biggest hippo and she'd be
like a vacuum just sucking up all the
balls they'd have magnets and the balls
go right in their mouth they'd have to
rename the game to hungry hungry fat
[ __ ] boy well Santa what are you going
to do now well the Easter Bunny moved in
so I can't go back there so what are you
going to do well I figured maybe I can
hang out here for a little bit ooh for
how long till next
Christmas I don't think we have any
spare beds he has to stay with us
otherwise we'll be on the naughty list
for the rest of our lives I don't care
if we get on the naughty list Karen he's
not staying here for a year Bo you're
being an [ __ ] you're right Karen if I
take Santa out for a night on the town
maybe he'll meet a woman and he can move
in with her and leave us alone bnie I
didn't say that but it is a good idea
who wants to go to Applebee Applebees me
me me there you go that's the spirit me
me me I want to go no Karen not you we
can't have a woman with us if we're
going to go pick up women Bo I'm your
wife see there you go saying that kind
of [ __ ] that's not going to work Karen
but if it's just two hot guys by
ourselves the Cougars are going to come
crawling you know what Bo you call ahead
you good luck with that Bo okay we will
just going to be me and you Santa and
Marvin I'm going to go get
them oh Marvin I'm sorry you don't feel
well oh Marvin stop coughing in my face
can you give me some M oh my God okay
hey Marvin oh what are you doing here I
just came to invite you to come to
Applebee's with me and Santa Claus the
real Santa Claus I'm sick I can't go
yeah you are sick look at you just
gooning right here on the couch what if
you stay in the couch Marvin huh you sit
here all day I'm not gooning yeah well
you're used tissue say otherwise so you
coming to Applebees or not I'm sick oh
yeah now I know you're sick nobody turns
down Applebees come on Marvin wanton
tacos I can't go can't or won't Marvin
come on I just don't want to go Marvin
I'm not asking you to build a skyscraper
out of toothpicks I'm asking you to come
eat a quesadilla burger with Santa
Claus okay fine I'll go I knew it what
got you Marvin was it the won tacos of
the four cheese mac and cheese honey
pepper chicken tant it was to get you to
shut up all right well I'm driving
Santa's already in the car okay Santa
this is Marvin what's up hey and Marvin
this is Santa Claus hi I'm sick I don't
care yeah so we're taking Santa to
Applebee's because his wife left him for
the Easter bunny and a leprechaun and a
leprechaun oh so Santa would you like to
play some music to make this a little
less awkward for me yeah let me put on
my favorite song here okay [ __ ] yeah
this is my [ __ ]
ohristmas
yeah hell yeah right Marvin you you can
[ __ ] to this right yeah
that's cool man yeah hey how about how
about we put on some of my songs huh how
about
that holy [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] yeah right
Marvin [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] yeah yeah this is
the [ __ ] come on let's go to [ __ ]
Applebees all right boys you ready to
eat good in the neighborhood I'm ready
well Santa you deliver so many presents
what neighborhood have you been to the
most your mom's oh damn oh he got me oh
yeah that was good say where are all the
chicks huh there's usually a bunch of
hot babes here at Applebees well there's
salmon on the menu That's the closest
second you're going to get oh yeah okay
what are you going to get Marvin I want
to it all well I can ask if they have
that hello welcome to Applebee's oh my
sir has anyone ever told you you look
just like Santa Claus no no one's ever
told him that you're the first one ever
really yeah you just must have a good
eye do you think he's hot what yeah do
you think he's hot do I think Santa
Claus is hot yeah would you let him live
in your house for a year I don't feel
comfortable answering that question how
about I get drinks started Marvin wants
Tylenol we don't have that n Quil we
don't have that either and I will have
Dwayne The Rock Johnson's the people's
Margarita okay and how about for you sir
o Sant let me teach you some games see
this H can you ring your panties out in
a cup for me what s that that's not what
I said to say at all I said did it hurt
when you fell from heaven I know what
can I get you to actually drink well
I'll take a big tall glass of milk okay
yeah I think she'll actually do that one
all right there's your milk there's your
Margarita and we actually did have
nightquil [ __ ] yeah now I'm going to be
just like the rock I'm want to be in so
many movies do you know what you would
like to eat Santa why don't you order
first do you have any onion rings
actually we
do okay is that what you would
like no okay how about I order first
I'll have an impossible Burger I want to
see how impossible it is I'm feeling
skeptical okay do you have chicken
alfredo we do okay is that what you
would like to eat is that what you would
like to eat no okay um well I would also
like some chicken won tacos okay well do
you have chocolate cake
yes okay is that what you would like to
eat no okay Marvin how about you you
order I already got what I wanted right
here Jesus okay um Santa did you decide
yet I can't decide okay how about we
just get him uh some chicken alfredo
okay I don't want chicken alfredo my
wife likes chicken alfredo [ __ ] okay how
about we just get him a steak okay God
damn all right sir here's your steak did
I order this you did okay and Sir
there's your impossible Burger hold on I
have a question what if this burger is
impossible how is it here it's
impossible meat sir if the meat's
impossible why am I looking at it it's a
vegan substitute for no no no no no I
wanted you to bring out an empty plate
and say I'm sorry sir we couldn't make
your burger because it's impossible and
here are your chicken won tacos ooh but
I do want the burger taken off my bill
for the lying though because I'd say
this burger is very possible in fact I'd
say it's even likely are you not going
to eat it oh no I'm going to eat it I
just don't want to have to pay for it
I'll see what I can do no Marvin just
because you didn't order any food don't
think that means you get to have any of
my chicken won
tacos what is this it's a steak where
are the onion rings do you want onion
rings
no okay okay my possible Burger is
really good how's your steak Santa [ __ ]
it's red as Rudolph's nose oh yeah look
at that it's still mooing hey waitress
yes some I help you Santa's steak is raw
and I Like It Raw then what's the
problem I'm not talking about the steak
okay I'm leaving wait hold on I just
want to let you know we're going to
leave okay I'll bring the check well no
that won't be necessary I beg your
pardon yeah my my burger was possible
Santa's steak is undercooked and I
didn't even eat my chicken wanton tacos
I'll tell you what I'll bring you to go
boxes and the check um how about me and
Santa just take off and then when that
guy wakes up you give it all to him deal
okay come on let's go
[Music]
yeah see Santa how you like that boobies
yeah that's right see you don't need Mrs
Claus you can go home with her hey
excuse me ma'am what can Santa come live
with you how much how much you got Santa
$200 $200 worth that'll get you a lap
dance I'll take it no touching I'll take
you well actually I need like a year
tell him to go home to his
wife oh look what you did you made Santa
Claus cry you [ __ ] come on Santa we
don't need her let's
go oh no oh Bo what happened some stupid
stripper told him to go home to his wife
bnie you went to the strip club well
listen Karen you're missing the point he
got his feelings hurt a well B he's
going through a tough time yeah you're
right okay Santa I I guess you can stay
here for a year for tonight let's just
take this on a night by Night basis okay
where do I sleep right here on the couch
all right come on Karen let's go to bed
bo that was so nice of you to let Santa
Claus stay here for the night yeah
that's right for tonight after that he's
gone
boy do you want to fool around you know
what yeah I'm still riled up from the
strip club what nothing I just let's
hurry before I forget what she looked
like what just shut up and kiss
[Applause]
me can I help you keep going no I don't
think I want to want a cookie no I don't
oh boy I get it see it's in the song he
sees you when you're sleeping he knows
when you're awake it all makes sense Bo
get that cookie the [ __ ] out of my face
okay just go go back to your couch all
right Bo you know what I think he's just
lonely yeah well he's weird so you want
to continue where we left off give me
kisses no no Santa ruined it it's gone
now a
what the [ __ ] is he doing
there don't worry about it I'm going to
go see what this is about what what the
[ __ ] are these my cookies what why are
they what oh my cookies are all over the
ground what Santa the [ __ ] is wrong with
you making all this noise wait are you
sleepwalking oh no my cookie Cris
[ __ ] Che [ __ ] Jesus Santa what the
[ __ ]
is wake up wake up oh sorry sorry
sometimes I'm Sleepwalk okay that's it
you need to go home I can't go home the
Easter Bunny's there well let's go kill
the Easter Bunny we can do that hell
yeah we can come on all right Santa
you're going to take that gun and you're
going to shoot the Easter Bunny when we
drive by I don't think I can kill
anybody oh come on you've done it before
ever since my wife left me I've been so
sad oh well I have a song that can
probably help
okay I wake up in the morning I got
Murder on My Mind AK47 Max 11 and all
these [ __ ] [ __ ] hold up hold hold on
Santa hold on you you can't be saying
that word oh yeah yeah we're going to
shoot somebody but you cannot say that
okay okay all right let's go let's get
going let's kill
[Music]
somebody trying to knock me off my but I
can't let him do it I got murder on my
mind a murder on my mind hey wait wait
wait wait s is that is that the Easter
Bunny right there yeah that's him quick
shoot him pull me up closer
okay hey Easter Bunny huh eat lead
[ __ ] around his body it's a [ __ ]
homicide his face on a T-shirt and it's
[Music]
drama I reloaded my pistol cop back and
shot him twice his body dropped down to
the floor and he had tear drops in his
eyes he grabbed me by my hands and said
he was afraid to die I told him it's too
late