hey Bo a why the long face I'm watching
the Miami Heat try to play basketball
but Bo didn't they make the playoffs no
Karen they're not in the playoffs
they're just visiting the playoffs what
do you mean Bo well it's kind of like
when you adopt a sick kitten that you
know is going to be dead in a week I
mean sure you can play with it but every
time you do you're just going to be
reminded of how it'll be dead soon
that's how it is with the Miami Heat
they're in the playoffs but they're
going to lose oh oh so they're like the
Dallas Cowboys yes exactly they're not
supposed to be there I mean they're in
the playoffs but it's really just for
show okay Boon but didn't the Heat beat
the Boston Celtics last year yes they
did in seven games with Jimmy Butler who
is not playing wait why isn't he playing
Bo isn't that his job yeah you would
think so but at least he has a good
excuse this time see he hurt his knee
losing a playin game and then his team
went on to win without him which gave me
hope but now they're just spreading
their cheeks for the Celtics well how
long is it going to take for his knee to
get better well with his diet of only
ever drinking coffee I'd say the Heat's
going to lose long before he ever picks
up another basketball wait Bo aren't you
a doctor can't you fix his knee yeah
you're right Karen I could probably go
to the hospital and give him a pep talk
or maybe some steroids I'm going to go
see him oh come on boys you're playing
like you didn't drink your coffee
speaking of coffee nurse yes Mr Butler I
don't think my IV is working I'm sure it
isn't we really should add water to it
and not just coffee nope I just want
more big face coffee oh start brewing a
pot hey Mr Butler oh hey Dr how's my leg
doing I don't know I just got here oh I
see you're watching your team lose by 30
yeah yeah yeah [ __ ] it right yeah that's
fine it's only 30 I mean it's not like
it's 40 right Jimmy that would just be
embarrassing well there's always next
season oh okay so you've just fully
given up on this season that's good to
know you know they can't win without you
nurse yes doctor how how bad is his knee
well he suffered a severe MCL sprain so
he could be out for weeks well that's
okay that just gives me more time to
make my coffee [ __ ] snap out of it
Jimmy what the [ __ ] is going going on in
your head I know that Jimmy that L
basketball is still in there somewhere
okay sir sir sir this brings up a bigger
issue I think he might be addicted to
coffee yeah you [ __ ] think yeah yeah
Jimmy I think so well sir if we fix the
issue now he could recover for next
season wow you really think so you think
maybe if we cure his coffee addiction we
could get knocked out of the playoffs in
the second round next time boy wouldn't
that be a dream come true the second
round come on Jimmy let's get you to
addictions
all right Jimmy this is addictions
Anonymous everybody here is addicted to
something we're going to get you some
help oo is that complimentary coffee
yummy hello everyone welcome to
addictions Anonymous now here we don't
discriminate whether you're addicted to
alcohol or drugs or sex
Bingo oh well why don't you start us off
I would love to hello everybody my name
is Ronald McDonald you've probably heard
of me
of course you had I have a store on
every corner hi
Ronald hey so I got a lot of problems
but my worst problem it starts with an f
and it ends with an S and I'm sure you
all probably know what it is multiple
hookers I'm saying I spend T of
thousands of dollars a week on hookus
let me give you an example of how bad it
is let's say you're here sitting right
here in this meeting right now right
here and I come up to you and I say hey
you want to make $10,000 in about 25
seconds and you say yeah well what I
would do I would pull out this stack of
$110,000 cash and then I would pull out
a little letter saying it's a gck so you
don't have to pay taxes and I would
probably take you to that room right
over there and B you the hell over but
you know you you don't you don't you're
not interested in that so I'll just I'll
just slowly put it back in my pocket uh
hold on there Ronald um um Mr cheetah
why don't you go next come on Ronald
okay oh hell yeah Chester Chester she
called you huh what it's your turn oh
hey everybody my name's Chester Cheetah
hi Chester Cheetah and I have a terrible
addiction to Cheetos I like to Crunch
them up and snort them my kids won't
talk to me my wife left me all I have
left is Cheetos see see Jimmy you want
to end up like that CED up cheetah
that's what's going to happen if you
don't give up coffee oh my God man I
didn't know that some people here were
addicted to joking um um ma'am how about
you go next oh my God I'm like addicted
to shopping and I would do anything to
have more money to buy more stuff
hey um Mr Jimmy Butler sir how about you
go next oh what my turn well I'm not
really addicted to anything so I don't
really know why I'm here okay Jimmy
thank you I'll take it from here hey
everybody this is NBA basketball player
oh I'm sorry I misspoke NBA country
music singer and coffee Barista Jimmy
Butler see Jimmy here gets paid $200
million to play basketball but instead
of doing that he would rather make
coffee or do literally anything else
other than play basketball you name it
he'll probably do it as long as it's not
basketball see Jimmy lost the finals
last year and this year he can't even
play cuz he's got a broken [ __ ] knee
or something somebody fell on it I don't
know I'm assuming it's coffee related
but what I really want to say is I don't
even care if the Heat lose every game
for the rest of my life as long as Jimmy
does the one thing he gets paid to do
which is play [ __ ] basketball so
please I don't know how you people could
possibly help him but please please help
him help me help him because I have not
seen one [ __ ] big face brick and
mortar store and I have never seen it on
a grocery store shelf so I don't know
who the [ __ ] you're selling this coffee
to Jimmy you flew all the way down to
Columbia to make a video about how your
coffee gets made he Prides himself on it
coming out of the ground of course it
[ __ ] comes out of the ground Jimmy
it's coffee where else would it come
from I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm getting mad
I I just somebody please help him that
is so
sad it is sad the worst part about my
addiction is now I went to at the same
time yeah come on oh Jimmy I don't think
they're going to be back for a while
it's just Chester and I don't think he
can help we should go back to the
hospital oh can I bring my
coffee oh you're back how'd it go can
somebody help me open My Coffee oh all
right Jimmy we're going to do a little
psychological test here this is called
an ink plot test just take a look at
this picture and tell me what you see
well that looks like somebody spilled
coffee on that piece of paper okay all
right fine we'll do another one all
right how about this one well that looks
like another coffee stain okay but do
you see something in the coffee stain M
maybe some creamer okay okay all right
well how about this one this one's got
color okay well that is that's a pumpkin
spice
coffee okay okay Jimmy how about we try
some Jimmy Jimmy Focus okay how about we
try something else repeat after me okay
okay basketball cof okay hold on
basketball Jimmy are you listening
basball
basetball okay we're going to slow it
way down here Buddy
b Cofe oh my God God damn it Jimmy you
were standing up earlier I know you can
still play basketball we're going to
have a montage and see if you can still
make basketball shots put that down come
on
[Music]
a
[Music]
oh that feels nice just enjoying a nice
hot coffee bath oh Jimmy this has to
stop you want to know what my number is
22 cuz there's two fs and two e and
coffee well sir how did the Montage go
he can't do it he can't [ __ ] do it
everything it's just coffee well have
you thought about giving him the coffee
and once he has it see how he does you
don't understand all he does is drink
coffee last year he drank coffee in the
finals and he still lost he's currently
taking a coffee bath what a coffee bath
he is bathing in coffee you know how
some athletes take ice baths he's taking
a coffee bath well is it at least ice
coffee no it is fresh piping hot coffee
dear God we've lost him okay that's it
I'm not just going to sit back and watch
the Miami Heat get a train ran on him
I'm going to put on a jersey and go out
there and play but sir sir sir you're
what I know but so is Tyler hero now
where is my burned up Jimmy Butler
Jersey okay okay all I have to do is
make this free throw and we only lose by
25
okay [ __ ] well at least I'm actually
trying and not just drinking coffee wow
it's really pretty out here this reminds
me of Columbia you know that's where I
grow my coffee I know Jimmy I know just
think about the coffee Jimmy there's
just so many different kinds of coffees
there's lattes and cappuccinos and cold
Brews and espressos you know my coffee
contains smile matter may cause
happiness I know Jimmy how do you take
your coffee cream and Two Sugars Jimmy
creaming Two
Sugars he's in a better place
now oh Bo what's wrong Jimmy Butler
can't hurt us anymore he's in a better
place now what he's in a place where he
could have all the coffee he wants and
nobody can bother him about basketball
well that sounds like a nice place Bo
yeah I just hope he's up there looking
down on us right now [ __ ] it he's
probably drinking coffee God I hate this
sport
[Music]