[Music]
so guys what do you want to do today you
guys what do you want to do today that's
all you ever say junior yeah it's
getting old dude yeah say something new
um
well fellas what kind of activities
would you like to partake in this
evening i like that better oh what a
classy gentleman you but i'm bored yeah
me too guys check it out i got my
daddy's credit card you stole your dad's
credit card it's only stealing if you
get caught bingo well you're still using
it without his permission so that is
stealing no this is my dad's credit card
and if he were to die then i would
inherit it that's not how credit cards
work shut up cody what are you gonna buy
jeffy oh no what do you guys think i
should buy something involving balls i
like balls all right what about a
skee-ball machine i heard skeet and
balls so i'm in a skee-ball machine i've
always wanted one joseph me too dude
jeffy go buy a skeema machine
all right guys we got our ski ball
machine all thanks to my daddy's credit
card whoa i love committing a felony
dreams do come true credit card fraud
roll the ball cody come on dude okay
here i go
oh got a hundred oh my god you're really
good this game really savage dude all
right my turn
you're not supposed to throw it jeffy
you gotta turn no
you're not supposed to throw you you're
not you're gonna break it if you throw
it like that
you guys broke the game you didn't even
have a turn yet well it's my daddy's
credit card and if anyone can break the
skee ball machine it's me yeah i mean i
guess he's right well now what game are
we going to play we never got a turn i
think it should be a game involving
balls and men oh i got the perfect ear
fooseball table now this is what i'm
talking about bunch of strong dudes
fighting over a ball wish it was me uh i
don't like this game it's pretty
segregated blacks versus whites well we
all know who's gonna win you guys are
much faster and stronger than us but you
guys drive pickup trucks and lock your
kids in hot cars well guess who has 45
presidents oh lucky you [ __ ] how many a
peach though you know what better yet
name a good white rapper eminem oh
that's like me come on name a black
nascar driver nobody watches nascar who
wants verse me in foosball
dear god come on guys let's play
i guess i'm playing come on jeffy i'll
play you but you gotta you gotta hit the
ball in the middle
cody
guys okay guys look i don't like this
game
cody stop it all right guys jeffy why
don't you buy a ball pit oh show a woman
what no like you know a pit full of
balls and i get chucky cheese we gotta
dive in oh okay i'm gonna buy more yolks
all right
best purchase ever
all right guys peep the ball pit whoa
this is the biggest ball pit i've ever
seen how deep is it like 10 feet i'm in
heaven dude this is so dope all right
jeffy you jump in first all right
cheyenne our hose
i want to jump in i want to jump in
[Applause]
what's up
where are we it looks like some kind of
pocket of air inside the ball pit oh
it's like a cool little hideout but can
we get out if we wanted to oh let me see
what what guys the balls they won't open
up i've never been this balls deep
before well cody i mean you would enjoy
having all these balls around you right
well yeah but not these kind of balls oh
guys if we want to get out we can't what
are we gonna eat i don't know dude i
scream out hey
jeffy have you seen my credit card
jeffy it's missing out on my wallet you
better not have taken and bought
something jeffy
what is this a skeeball machine
and a fool's mom machine jeffy that is
that you are so grounded
is that my phone hello hey marvin
goodman why are you calling me did you
win the lottery recently no did your
grandfather die and you inherited a
bunch of money no so then why are you
running up your credit card like you do
have a bunch of money well i haven't ran
up my credit card i haven't used it once
okay well let's go over your purchases
shall we three thousand dollar skee-ball
machine three thousand two thousand
dollar foosball table two thousand
dollars five thousand dollar ball pit
five thousand ball pit you're making a
lot of ball related purchases marvin so
if you don't pay off your credit card by
the end of the month i'm gonna show up
to your house and i'm gonna bite your
balls off then i'm going to put a 2-2 on
and swing your balls around like a ball
arena well listen listen someone stole
my credit card goodman and but here's
the thing they left all the expensive
things at my house so i could just
return it okay well let's hope they left
the receipt at your house too well i'm
gonna find the receipt i'm gonna return
all this stuff so i don't owe anything
on my credit card well for your balls
let's hope oh you don't have to worry
about that
jeffy where's the receipt for all this
stuff jimmy where are you at jeffy i
need that receipt jeffy but are you in
the ball pit
are you in here jeffy
there's no point in screaming for help
no one's going to hear us down here i
know you're in here
wait that's my daddy we'll scream help
so he can hear us
because he's going to be really mad that
he took his credit card i mean yeah i'd
be mad if somebody stole my credit card
too well we got to be saved
[Applause]
i guess he's not in there
i found your shoe jeffy i know you're in
there you're just choosing not to come
out well guess what i'm gonna call the
cops and i'm gonna say that you stole my
credit card because you're 18 and that's
credit card fraud and you're gonna go to
jail jeffy
you don't care
okay i'm gonna call the cops ugh i can't
believe your dad didn't hear screaming
for help well at least i'm not grounded
well we still have to get out of here
man if we had a girl in here we could
totally repopulate i mean just close
your eyes and pretend i'm a girl it's
not the same hey there you call the cops
uh yeah go on oh you want me to start
talking no i thought we'd all just sit
here and guess why you called us or
maybe we can play i spy hey simmons i
spy with my little eye a massive waste
of police resources
okay vote it's him simmons oh there's
the little bugger where are you from all
right look this is what happened someone
stole my credit card and bought a
skee-ball machine and a foosball table
and a ball pit and i know who did it but
i don't want to tell you okay so it
seems to me like all the stuff you just
listed is here yeah it is okay so
somebody stole your credit card had all
the stuff shipped to you and you set it
up like you were gonna use it uh yeah
well see like when the boxes came i i
set it all up and then i realized i
didn't buy this so you put all the balls
into the ball pit before you realized
you didn't buy it oh okay look can i
just tell you the truth yes i would
prefer that i don't know why we didn't
just start with that okay look my son
went to my wallet took my credit card
bought all this stuff and now he's
hiding in the ball pit won't come out
okay so you called us to what spank him
what no he's 18. so like i want you to
like arrest him oh you want to press
charges only if he doesn't have the
receipt to return all this stuff okay so
let me see if i have this straight your
son stole your credit card bought all
this stuff and now you want us to arrest
him if he doesn't have the receipts to
return the stuff exactly are you writing
all this down simmons i don't have a pin
thank you simmons yeah so like that
that's what i want you to do okay so let
me see if i have this right you want two
professional police officers to dive
into a ball pit during work hours yes
i love my job so much sometimes okay but
before we do that all this talk about
credit card fraud is reminding me of
when i had my credit card stolen you had
your credit card stolen i did simmons
thank you for asking and i want to tell
you
all about it all right simmons just like
we practiced
i once said my credit got stolen i tried
to get it back actually you know what
simmons let's not sing it that's kind of
lame i'll just tell you about it instead
so i'm at my doctor job at the hospital
right and i'm doing this long 18 hour
open heart surgery and it's taken
forever i'm getting tired i'm getting
hungry so eventually i tell the patient
the nurses hey i'm gonna go get lunch
real quick i'll be right back so i go
out into the waiting room where we have
the vending machines we have one of
those nice vending machines the new ones
that takes credit cards so it doesn't
even matter if you don't have cash so
then i see they have cheez-its in the
vending machine and you know i'm going
to get cheez-its because i love
cheez-its so i swipe my card get a bag
of cheez-its i swipe my card again i get
a second bag of cheez-its and i'm
thinking two bags of cheez-its are not
enough cheez-its i gotta buy the whole
damn row of cheez-its so i swipe my card
again and as i'm doing that i notice out
of the corner of my eye i see somebody
with binoculars watching me buy
cheez-its and i'm thinking why would
somebody have binoculars in a hospital
watching me buy cheez-its and then i
realize he must be with the cheez-it
corporation he's trying to keep track of
how many cheese it's a single person can
buy and i'm thinking maybe i'm going to
win some kind of contest you know
because i'm buying all these cheez-its
so i start swiping my card really slow
so he can get all my information because
i want to make sure he can track me down
to give me on my cheez-it reward you
know so then i buy like seven bags of
cheez-its and then i walk over to the
guy because my curiosity is getting the
best of me i'm like hey hey i see you
and then the guy hides his binoculars
and then i'm like no no i already caught
you i know you're with the cheez-it
corporation and then he's like no sir
i'm not with the cheez-it corporation
i'm like no no i saw your binoculars i
already got you and then i see in front
of him he has a piece of paper with a
bunch of numbers on it and it looks kind
of like a credit card number but then i
realize that must be all the cheez-its i
bought in my lifetime i'm definitely
winning this contest so i give the guy
my name and my home address and my
social security number all the
information he needs you know because i
also want to make sure that i can write
this off as a gift on my taxes when i
get all my jesuits so he's so happy like
he's so happy to have all this
information so i'm like i definitely won
this contest so i go back home to my
wife and i'm like honey cheesy wonka is
going to give me the cheez-it factory
i'm going to be a cheez-it king she
doesn't believe me she thinks i'm crazy
and i'm like honey you just watch this
is going to be awesome so i sit back and
i'm feeling good i'm feeling confident
and then my phone starts ringing and
it's my credit card company and they
said that my credit cards are all maxed
out and then my bank calls and said
they're repossessing my house and my
credit is ruined because it turns out
there was no cheesy wonka and that guy
did not work for the cheez-it company he
was a credit card scammer and he stole
my identity and all of my money so now
whenever i see somebody with binoculars
i just start throwing hay makers like
one time i was in the park and i saw
these old ladies with binoculars and
then i started throwing haymakers and
yeah it turns out they were bird
watching but still so yeah just be glad
it was your son that stole your credit
card and not some binoculars wielding
scammer from the made up cheez-it
factory okay can we get jeffy out of the
ball pit to see if we can find the
receipts yeah sure ball pit time simmons
wow this ball pit looks pretty deep i
was balls deep in your mother last night
thank you simmons now i have that image
in my head can you just go in the ball
pit and grab jeffy i don't know man this
looks kind of deep i don't want to drown
drowned in plastic balls do you know how
many ball pit related deaths there are
every year no well neither do i but it's
got to be at least one and i don't want
to be it so you're telling me that jeffy
could be dead in there i don't know man
well just go in there you're a cop okay
but if i yell help you help okay simmons
i got it i mean that should go without
saying but with you i don't really know
okay
oh god oh god i'm sinking simmer tell me
i'll go your way
you saved my life i don't know what i
would do without you never let go
simmons i won't can you guys go in there
and grab my son hey i almost died man oh
okay
so none of you are gonna go in there hey
i have an idea how about you go in here
okay i got an idea how about we wrap
like a string around one of you guys so
if you go down there we can pull you out
oh that's a pretty good idea okay i'm
gonna go grab a string okay
there you go what do i got to do it
you're a better swimmer than me simmons
back at the academy we used to call you
swimmings oh that's right i did get a
bronze medal for swimming yeah so when
you get in there when you find jeffy you
tug three times or pull you out all
right what happens if i tuck four times
that means you need to pee what about
five times that means you have to poop
what about six times that means you want
some cheez-its what about seven times
well that means you want to go to
outback steakhouse when we're done here
all right well let's start tugging let's
get some of that shrimp on the bobby oh
yeah the chocolate thunder from down
under it's delicious
you're not going to tug more than three
times you only talk three times if you
find someone or an emergency habit you
talk three times all right go
wait how many times was he supposed to
be
oh
we're never gonna be saved i'm so hungry
yeah we might need to eat someone dude
start with my butt jesus christ
a police officer we're saved or harassed
before you accuse me of anything i
didn't do it well there's four of you
well yeah yeah you're here to save us
yeah let's go kids what you're gonna do
is you're gonna hold on to each other's
hands and we're gonna pull you out of
here okay come on dude all right
what how many was that was that
cheez-its or outback just
[Applause]
we're free as a free man master simmons
you saved four boys you're a hero i try
my but jeffy do you have all the
receipts of all the stuff you just
bought
we'll get you come on generator so jeffy
you do not have any of the receipts for
all the expensive stuff you bought on my
credit card well i do have the receipts
but kind of not
how you kind of not you either don't
have it or you do oh i do have the
receipt they show it to me but i spit my
gum into it
this is deserved
i am a [ __ ] so are we pressing
charges or am i going to outback what
are we doing
[Music]