so guys what do you want to do today
dude let's play some video games yeah I
love video games guys let's go outside
and get some fresh air let's go to the
park I hate going to the park Cody
there's always 50 kids there and it's so
packed and everyone's picking their nose
and wiping on each other and then
there's that one mean kid that keeps
kicking sanding kids eyes Junior that's
you you kick sand in kids eyes I know
and I'm so tired of doing it then stop
doing it but it's so fun I just love
kicking sand in kids eyes if there
weren't kids there I wouldn't do it oh
dude I forgot to tell you about this oh
there's this sweet abandoned Park we
should go there there's never any kids
there we can play all by ourselves
you're lying Joseph yeah you're lying
Joseph you never told us about this dude
I just forgot to tell you guys but
follow me come on all right guys it's
right here wow there's a place set just
in the middle of the woods nice find
Joseph nice find yeah W fine common
Joseph W yeah I try dude I try I just
found it and we can all play on it by
ourselves no one's here yeah I mean why
would they make a play set in the middle
of the woods and no one's playing on it
well maybe the county was going to build
a playground and then they decided no
huh well since it's all to ourselves you
know what that means have fun
montage I'm climbing I'm climbing I'm
climbing I'm climbing no I'm climbing
I'm climbing we we we my turn my turn my
turn we we we going down the slide W
I've got a steering wheel I'm driving
the playset vroom vroom get out of my
way that's not moving
Cody my turn to go down the
slide here we go
W Cody look a telescope I'm going to see
if I can see Jupiter Junior it's daytime
you're not going to see anything uh Cody
I see a bulldozer in the sky no look a
bulldozer Junior that's a bulldozer
coming right toward us why is there a
bulldozer coming it's going to run into
US Cody stop stop stop stop stop stop
what the are those kids on that thing oh
what the hell hey what the hell you kids
doing on this thing having a good time
well it's getting demolished so I'm
going to have to ask you to leave
getting demolished by who well the
people who in that Mansion over there
need room for their second pool so they
want this thing tore down their second
pool they don't need a second pool they
have a big mansion we love playing on
this thing we're not leaving oh we found
a fair Square well unfortunately that's
not how this works so I'm going to have
to ask you to leave or else I'm going to
run you over with my bulldozzer then run
us over we don't care yeah we'll die on
this thing yeah yeah run us over run us
over oh damn it the boss is going to be
pissed so what is it that's so important
that you had to interrupt my Brazilian
handy from the back well so I was going
to bulldoze the playground like you
asked but this kid on it what kids I
don't care if there's kids on it hit
them kill them I don't care they're just
puppets but sir there's a real human boy
on there
too oh God damn it I can't kill a real
human boy that'll make the news I guess
I'll just call the cops and see if the
cops can get them to leave I'm calling
the cops hey there you call the police
yes these Hooligans won't get off this
playground I'm trying to demolish you're
trying to demolish this thing yes
because I need room for my second pool
that I'm trying to build right here but
but it has a slide I don't care about
the slide I need room for my pool but
there's already a big pool over there I
need another one right here but the
slide though I don't care about the
[ __ ] slide okay I'll get the kids off
the playground if you let me go down the
slide one time
yay oh man that was fun okay kids time
to get off we're not getting off okay
kids I know this playground is fun and
that slide is [ __ ] dope but you guys
got to leave but no we love this thing
it's so fun I know but it's not your
playground so I'm going to have to ask
you to hop off Hop Off My Dick okay you
can't talk to old people that way
oh I'm old okay kids look if you don't
get off I'm going to arrest you then
arrest us I don't have three pairs of
handcuffs um hey hey actually you know
what sometimes when people don't want
something torn down they start a
petition so if you guys can get 30,000
signatures from people who don't want
this playground torn down then they
can't tear it down really only 30,000
yeah okay let let me talk to my friends
okay guys they said if we get a petition
sign with 30,000 signatures they won't
tear it down oh that's not much well
guys 30,000 is going to take a year not
if we make a viral Tik Tok and every
everyone signs it mhm but I don't have
my phone I don't have my phone either ah
me either dude all right Cody me and you
are going to go to my house make a viral
Tik Tok that'll get the signatures
Joseph you stay on this do not let him
tear it down oh I got you bro I'mma hold
down the floor I'm not getting off come
on Cody let's go okay I got two of them
off that's good enough tear it down but
sir there's one kid left tear it the
[ __ ] down on it hey kid they're going to
tear it down I don't care I want him to
tear it down okay suit
yourself that thing's coming down uh kid
I'd get off if I was you dear Santa all
I want for Christmas is for you to stop
this
bulldozer Stop In The Name Of Christmas
Santa oh my God he is real you better
believe it Joseph and he knows my name
oh my God not even Santa Claus will stop
me you gave me coal for Christmas oh ho
ho [ __ ] they're real
go here
dude no
[Applause]
[Applause]
you destroyed it hey the slide's okay
can I keep the slide sure all right sir
what next will you see that big tree
over there I want you to tear that down
all right I'm on it you're not going to
tear down my tree man what the [ __ ] are
you doing tied to my tree it's not your
tree man it's the Earth's tree and the
Earth gave birth to the tree and The
Roots Run Deep man and you know what
lives at the top of this tree the
scissor and sin scisso it's the
two-headed one beak no butthole having
owl dude how does it boot man it can't
what the [ __ ] are you on I'm on the tree
man while tied to the tree I'm [ __ ] up
dude yeah
[ __ ] if you don't get off my tree I'm
going to tear it down with you on it
because I need room for my bull oh dude
is that why you [ __ ] that playground
that was [ __ ]
awesome police police yeah hey you said
it's cool if I take this slide right I'm
going to make it go in my bathtub I need
you to get that hip off my tree so I can
tear it down and I'm pretty sure he's on
some type of hallucination what that
tree oh you can't tear that tree down
that's where the scissoring s scisso
lives it's a very rare endangered bird
it's got no butthole it's crazy I don't
give a [ __ ] he's in the way of my pool
well why don't you just build your pool
over there you got all that land well
that's where Santa Claus is texting his
ho ho hoes look I don't know what to
tell you man okay but if you tear down
that tree I'm going to have to arrest
you oh damn it all right Cody what viral
Tik Tok dance can you do that will get
us a lot of views so people will sign
our petition I don't know Junior kind of
dance do you want me to do I could hit
the Quan or do the stinky leg or teach
him how to douge soja boy on them hoes
or I could do the macarina you want me
to crump Pop Lock and Drop it hit the
gritty on these [ __ ] you know
you want me to whip or just na nigh I
don't know Cody all those dances seem
tired and lame yeah and I'll be honest
Junior I don't know how to do any of
those I just know their names oh how
does a normal person get their petition
signed well usually they have a piece of
paper and they walk around asking people
to sign it let's just do that that seems
a lot easier Junior do you know how long
it would take to get 30,000 signatures I
mean let's assume one signature took 1
minute that would be 30,000 minutes
that's 500 hours junior that's almost 21
days worth of signatures just back to
back signatures no sleeping no eating
nothing constant signatures and that's
assuming everybody actually signed it
and you didn't have to tell them why
they had to sign it before moving on to
the next person you think we can
actually do that yes Cody because it's
easy think about it you said 24 hours in
a day so I do the first 12 hour shift
while you sleep and then you do the
second shift while I sleep Junior I was
trying to give you the chance to realize
this is impossible it's not impossible
Cody you're saying it's going to take a
minute to get a signature I can get a
signature in 20 seconds well you don't
even have a pen or a piece of paper I
can find a pen or a piece of paper
they're like laying around the house
look I can find one really quick like 2
seconds let just find a piece of paper
oh npe that's a phone book can I use a
phone book no okay um let me check this
drawer no wait oh hold on hold on I
think I got it yep yep look piece of
paper right there okay now you need a
pen find the pen let me check right here
nope that's no oh that's a Sharpie I can
no I don't want to use a sharp okay hold
on look look at this got a pin Junior
that took like 30 seconds oh it doesn't
matter look I'm going to get my first
signature I'm going to get Chef peee to
sign it he's going to sign it in like 10
seconds
okay hey Chef peipi no not right now
Junior I'm trying to make spaghetti and
peanut butter cups again yeah I thought
you loved it you know the peanut butter
makes it pop I need your help Chef peipi
I need you to sign my petition petition
for what well my favorite Park's going
to get demolished unless I get 30,000
signatures I know you lying you got to
be lying cuz you don't never go to the
park you stay upstairs in your room
playing video games so tell me what do
you need my signature for is it a credit
card or a mortgage or is it a car loan
no it's literally just to save my
favorite Park no it's not stop lying to
me you're trying to steal my identity
I'm not trying to steal your identity
just sign the piece of paper now you're
getting aggressive oh yeah you're trying
to get a credit card aren't you see
Junior I told you people aren't quick to
sign stuff shf bab if you sign it I'll
be gone in 5 seconds just a simple
signature nope the last time I signed
something it was my brother's birthday
card and the next thing you know he had
a house in my name see Junior this is
just Chef Pee now try imagining doing
this with a stranger oh God how about we
just forge chip signature we can't do
that well I I forg my signature and
yours okay well first of all you can't
forge your own signature and I was
already going to sign it anyway look
I'll just forge Chef signature and my
dad's and Penelope that'll be five
signatures and then I we can take it to
the guy that's still nowhere near 30,000
well give him the five signatures as a
deposit oh yeah okay oh yeah sure cuz
when I'm trying to buy a $30,000 car
they'll totally take a $5 down payment
come on Cody they won't even check the
signatures look let's Forge it right now
we got the signatures we got the
signatures Junior look they tore it down
what they destroyed it but we got the
signatures not 30,000 where's Joseph at
Joseph what happened dude they tried to
run me down with a bulldozer me and
Santa what Santa was here yeah he was
like my savior till he ran off like my
dad did I love that playground so much
I'mma miss it so much rest in pepperoni
can somebody call me an Uber the signal
[ __ ] out
[Music]
here