all right class tomorrow is career day
so what you're gonna do is you're gonna
have your parents come with you to
school tomorrow and they're gonna tell
the crafts what they do for a ribbing
and if they don't come to school with
you then you fail uh what if we don't
have parents then i suggest you pay
someone to pretend to be your parent
tomorrow okay my dad doesn't even have a
job he just sits at home and watches tv
all day i don't even know what my
parents do and one more thing class
whose ever parent has the coolest job
will win an iphone 13 that my son made
in shop an iphone 13 i want that me too
oh dude that's not fair i don't have
parents uh cody can i borrow one of
yours back off joseph get your own
parents dude you have to you can share
guys my dad's gonna get a really cool
job it's gonna be at your paris jobs no
oh no he's not junior your dad just sits
at home and watches tv all day well i'll
show you guys a really cool job my daddy
has the coolest job he's the tooth fairy
and the easter bunny my parents aren't
there for me that's why i bully people
hey donny hey jeffy how was school it
was good um tomorrow's career day so i
need you to come to my school and tell
everyone in my class that you're the
tooth fairy in the easter bunny wait
tomorrow's career day yep and i have to
go in front of your class and tell them
what i do for a job uh-huh marvin what
is your job uh i i do stuff i work i i
clean around the house like i don't have
a job you don't have a job how do we pay
our bills uh we get unemployment checks
baby marvin what are you gonna do
tomorrow when you tell the whole class
you don't have a job jeffy will be
embarrassed well i can tell them i'm the
i'm on the tooth fairy and the easter
bunny bingo marvin all the other parents
are the tooth fairy and the easter bunny
too but don't tell jeffy that
hold on let me see who that is hello hey
marvin it's that time of the month again
where's your house payment uh i don't
have the money for my house payment this
month you don't have your money for your
house payment every month with this
marvin how do you get money do you not
have a job no i don't have a job i mean
you don't have a job well i'm looking
forward wonder you can't pay your house
payment why don't you have a job i've
been looking i just don't know who's
hiring everyone's hiring why don't you
go get a job at footlong wieners they're
hiring they'll hire anybody what place
is that it's a hot dog shop okay i i
will go in a few weeks and no you will
go right now actually you're gonna go
right this second come on you're going
to go there and if you don't have your
house payment and a job by tomorrow
you're going to be seeing my footlong
winger oh okay let me go grab my keys
who's at the door marvin it was good
money said the house payments do it
jeffy stop it you're distracting me
you're just jeffy you're distracting me
go go go go he was good man he said my
house payment was doing i need to get a
job you do need to get a job well what
do you do for a job i cook and clean and
look pretty i wish i could do what you
do and look pretty
i need to get a job because i don't want
to embarrass jeffy tomorrow i'm going to
go apply for one
hey there welcome to footlong wieners
what kind of hot dog do you want oh i'm
not hungry i was wondering if you guys
were hiring uh no no we're not hiring
well you have that sign right there that
says we hire damn it i thought i took
that down okay yes we're hiring i just
don't like doing interviews well what
position do you have open well we don't
really have any positions oh we need a
new sign holder a sign holder yeah you
know somebody wears a big goofy hot dog
costume and stands on the corner holding
a sign that says taste by wiener wait
wait wait a big hot dog outfit like it's
90 degrees outside yeah i know that's
why no one wants the job as a matter of
fact the last guy that had the job died
of heat stroke he died of a heat stroke
yeah he's still in the costume right now
when did he die this morning and poor
bastard well how much does it pay oh it
pays a whopping eight dollars an hour
i really need the job okay i'll go peel
the costume off the dead guy wait what
size are you it doesn't matter you're
gonna look stupid in the costume anyway
oh man this costume's so hot yeah i
wouldn't want to be out here in that so
what do i have to do oh you just have to
hold this sign and yell taste my wiener
at passing cars i'm not gonna yell that
oh come on you have to it's advertising
for a restaurant they're not gonna know
what i'm talking about believe me when
they see this sign they're gonna want a
hot dog and they're gonna come to
footlong wieners okay well can you give
me some water it's really hot outside no
because you're not selling water that
would just be confusing for people i
mean i can blend up a hot dog and you
can drink that that's disgusting that's
not gonna hydrate me oh just hold the
sign okay
taste my wiener come taste my wiener
taste my wiener yeah i taste my wiener
hey you need to cut that out there's
kids around here well they can have one
too wait what oh
it's a foot long it's a hot dog at foot
long wieners i doubt it's dead b what it
is you go inside and check it out
i wonder if marvin found a job
marvin you look awful yeah dad it looks
like someone beat your meat and not in a
good way i just got done with my job
what is your job i'm a sign holder for
foot long wieners i stand by the road
and i yell taste my wiener at traffic
that's the only job you could find yeah
pays eight dollars an hour you get a
heat stroke and people beat you up wow
that'll pay the mortgage so dang you
ready for a career day tomorrow i think
it'd be less embarrassing for me to say
i don't have a job oh no daddy come on
let's show everyone your wiener
all right crafts today is career day so
what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna call you
up one by one and then your parents are
gonna come up to the board and tell the
crafts what they do for a river okay
let's start with uh
cody you bring your pants up to the
class ooh it's our turn it's our turn oh
i'm so nervous i didn't change my tampon
baby i told you to change it before we
left guy guys just remember what we
practiced okay please don't embarrass me
mom remember you work at a dentist's
office and i'm an astronaut right yeah
sure yes come on okay guys talk hello
little children my name is judith and
i'm an only fans model wait mom you're
not supposed to tell them that oh cody
the truth is always better than a lie i
sell pictures of myself naked yeah my
name's tyrone and i'm an astronaut i
explore booty you ever seen the planet
uranus i've been up tell them about it
baby tell them about it oh it's true we
took a picture of him dressed up like an
astronaut just going okay okay i think
we're done here come on
thank you cody's parents i'll be sure to
subscribe to your horry fans all right
joseph you're next
come on hansel it's our turn
now remember what i told you you're a
football player okay
i'm not old enough to buy beer just come
on
all right guys this is a homeless guy
paid to be my dad uh i mean he's a
football player he's won three super
bowls tell him
touchdown that's his touchdown dance i
pissed oh god uh he can't control his
bladder from all the concussions he's
gotten
all right thank you joseph all right
penelope you're up next uh you ready dad
yeah let's just get this over with i got
a lot of jobs to go do you're never
there for me dad what do you want from
me penelope i don't like being around
your mother because she's so fat um hi
my name's penelope we know who you are
shut up junior come on let it talk man
see i got you and my dad has a lot of
jobs tell them about it dad yeah i'm a
cop i'm a doctor i'm a firefighter i
mean you know you've seen me around i do
everything except raise me oh come on
that's only because i can't stand to be
around your mother i'd rather work every
minute of every day than be around her
she raises me better than you do oh oh
hold on i'm sorry i'm sorry hold on hey
class i bet i know what you're wondering
you're wondering why isn't penelope's
mother here today on career day i wonder
what her career could be oh i'll tell
you what her career is her career is
sitting on her fat ass and collecting
the child support checks she gets from
me oh and let's not forget her other
career eating at the buffet every single
day
oh and then there's the best one she
also has a job working as shamu at sea
world you know she really wanted to be
here today but they couldn't fit it
through the door because she's a whale
mom doesn't talk this badly about you
well because there's nothing bad to say
about me look at me i'm perfect i'm
gorgeous i mean you're kind of thin
yourself but that's only because your
mother doesn't let you eat she asks you
if you want a plate and then she leaves
and just never comes back because she
eats it you're embarrassing me oh i'm
embarrassing you oh have you seen your
mother at the golden corral that's
embarrassing hey have they banned her
from there yet oh my god i hate you
anyway kids that's korea day so you know
just don't get married and don't have
kids all right thank you panera bee's
dad very inspirational something we can
all get behind anyway all right patrick
you're next come on daddy it's our turn
hey everybody my daddy just hurt his
clown and he can juggle and he cleans
your velvet poop show him dad hey
everybody watch this
see it just keeps going and going
uh-oh i think he swallowed too many
napkins thank you patrick all right
junior you're next all right dad it's
our turn let's get this over with you
know i don't want to be here i know
all right guys this is my dad
tell him what you do oh i'm junior's dad
i sit on my butt all day and watch tv
and collect disability checks oh you
should meet my ex-wife she does the same
thing you two'd be perfect for each
other you hear that penelope you want
this guy to be your dad ooh you could
have a sister junior no i'm trying to
date her oh that would be weird come on
dad
all right thank you junior and junior's
dad all right jeffy you're next oh look
daddy it's your turn oh i'm so
embarrassed everyone else had really
cool jobs well i think you're cool daddy
you're just a beat up wiener come on
hello my name is marvin i work at
footlong wieners i'm the sign holder i
stand outside dressed as a hot dog and i
say come taste my wiener yep he sure
does hey i told you to stop this kid's
in here it's just my job
how was career day marvin i got beat up
again by the same guy that beat me up
earlier because he's the dad of one of
the sons there and he was an astronaut
ooh you should be an astronaut marvin i
don't think you want me to be the same
type of astronaut he is was everyone
impressed with your job i don't know i
got knocked out yeah everyone loved him
being a winner but uh i think it was a
good idea not to tell everyone that he's
a tooth fairy and the easter bunny i
didn't want all my friends to get
jealous
oh
don't worry i'll get it i'll answer it
hello
what the hell are you wearing uh cause
by the looks of it you don't have my
house payment and i will not accept that
as payment i get enough of that from my
massage parlor oh no this is for my job
i hold the sign and i yell taste my
wiener mm-hmm you think i could borrow
that sign marvin i want to wear it
around my house so my maid will see it
well i need this sign for my job well
i'll accept that is payment and also can
i get a picture no too late what no
don't take pictures of me you think i
can get a selfie no oh yeah that's a
good one
all right see you later weiner
who's at the door marvin it was goodman
he wanted my house payment so guess who
paid our bills for the month you did i'm
one happy wiener guys guys check it out
i got the new iphone how'd you get that
oh i had the coolest job today at korea
day so my daughter won it but i took it
away from her because i was too afraid
my ex-wife might eat it since it's an
apple product but what am i thinking
she'd never eat an apple that's too
healthy no she'd want a a caramel apple
or an apple pie or an apple
cider i mean you get it she's fat she's
a hippo oh anyway marvin you're fired
fired for what well we got a lot of
complaints from people saying that you
holding a sign that said taste my weiner
made them uncomfortable you told me to
hold that sign yeah but we're kind of
doing like a 180 with the company so
we're gonna start selling burgers and
have people hold signs that say put your
meat between my buns we think that'll go
a lot better well can i have that job
yeah sure you can start on monday yeah i
got a new job already
yay
good
[Music]
you