hey Daddy Jeffy you're making a mess hey
Daddy I get it because it's hay oh yeah
well I got a joke for you Jeffy what
what does a gay horse eat dick no they
eat hey oh I guess that would make more
sense but they still like dick whatever
just get this off the couch let's let's
watch the
news breaking news since Joe B has
dropped out of the presidential race the
Democrats are still looking for their
nominee for the 2024 election to go up
against Donald Trump so if you think you
have what it takes to be the next
president then start a campaign oh wow
they still need someone else to run for
president oh D can I run for president
no Jeffy you have to be 35 years old oh
Marvin you're over 35 you could be
president I'm not smart enough to be
president but D that'd be the [ __ ]
pities if you ran for president cuz then
I can tell everybody that my Dy runs the
country Jeffy don't say country like
that well all I said was country
Jeffy you're saying it as two words say
it as one word it's country I've always
ever said a country Jeffy just stop
saying it hey Danny I got a joke for you
what type of tree grows female pee pees
what a [ __ ] tree all right that's it
Jeffy you're grounded and the first part
of being grounded is you're going to get
a vacuum and suck up all this hay why
before a gay horse eats it yeah exactly
so go get it too hard no that's what she
said what who is she like like you know
like that's what she said like like a
girl has said that before who has said
that Morphin yeah what's your name no no
no girl has said that to me it was a
joke oh that's embarrassing so you lied
it's a joke a joke is not a lie I mean
it's not a true thing that happened
but let me see who that is hello hi
Marvin oh Goodman I don't have my house
payment this month I don't give a [ __ ]
that's not what this is about so what's
it about I need you to run for president
but me why me because I am in a [ __ ]
hole of tax debt right now I haven't
paid my taxes in 10 years and I'm
actively being audited they're already
seizing my offshore Bank accounts so I
need you to run for president so you can
pardon all my tax debt well why don't
you just run for president and pardon
yourself I don't want to run for
president because I don't want to have
to live 4 years in the White House ew
poor my house is way better than the
White House not to mention the
president's not allowed to drive so how
am I going to drive my Lamborghinis ew
poor and also the last president that
got sucked off in the Oval Office gotten
Peach I get sucked off all the time
Marvin like five to 10 times a day so
I'm going to be imp peached as [ __ ] so
that's why I need you to do it well I
don't even think I have what it takes to
be a president Marvin the only thing you
need to worry about is money and I got
plenty of it so I'll sit there and I'll
support your campaign super pack as [ __ ]
are you sure I have what it takes yes do
you like ice cream yeah well great
you're a perfect replacement let's go
get you a really nice suit and [ __ ] okay
Marvin that's a nice suit that looks
good who Marvin what are you all dressed
up for I'm running for president you are
[ __ ] yeah he is and I've already funded
your campaign $200 million so now you're
the Democratic nominee I am yeah so now
let's go to your first debate debate
what am I even going to say I don't know
just answer the questions and do
whatever you think okay come on hello
and welcome to the 2024 presidential
debate where Donald Trump will be
debating new Democratic presidential
candidate Marvin Marvin no [ __ ] that's
his actual name Marvin Marvin all right
candidates I'm going to ask you some
questions and you answer them well start
with you Mr Trump what would you do to
secure the Border well the first thing I
would do is I would get a huge I'm
talking huge PA of scissors and I would
cut right across the US Mexico border
and I would push Mexico out into the
ocean so they're no longer connected to
America the greatest country in the
world and Mexico would be its own little
floating island of Mexicans not taking
our jobs and we would maintain our Taco
Bell jobs here Taco Bell is a great
American Que
filled the bellies of many Americans all
right Marvin same question for you what
would you do to secure the Border uh the
the Border um I've been on a cruise to
Mexico are are they not allowed to take
a cruise here like can they not visit
America but what's the problem I don't I
don't even know what he's saying and
quite frankly I don't think he knows
what he's saying either Mexicans are
stealing our Jabs Mr Trump please allow
him to finish his answer oh no that was
that was that was my answer I I don't
know what the I've been to Canada are we
stopping Canada too all right well next
question Marvin how would you create
more jobs in America well ever since Co
the McDonald's and Walmart where I live
are no longer 24 hours and so if I was
President I would make them open 24
hours so that'll create jobs cuz I want
a quarter pound of a cheese at 2 a.m.
okay Mr Trump how would you create more
jobs well the first thing I'm going to
do to create more jobs is hire a bunch
of people to build my huge pair of
scissors for the Border
then the next thing I'm going to do for
more jobs is I'm going to hire a bunch
of Mexican Watchers that are going to
sit on the border and what they're going
to do is they're going to watch for
Mexicans trying to swim back to our
great big beautiful country and then I'm
going to hire more Secret Service agents
and then I'm going to hire more secret
service agent
trainers and a new secret service
director and in the great big Factory of
bandages I'm going to hire more workers
to create more ear bandages es and then
in all our hospitals we're going to have
more ear doctors they're going to be
great they're going to be very
intelligent they're going to be handsome
and then we're going to have more Dome
builders for my indoor rallies because
I'm not going outside anymore I'm not
going to do it you can't make me do it
all right final question Mr Trump what
would you do about gun control quite
frankly if everyone had guns that day
this wouldn't happen to my beautiful ear
because they would have shot him before
he shot me right my beautiful ear the
doctors even were astonished of how much
it bled they said my ear bled more blood
than they've ever seen anything else
bleed ever and that's astonishing to me
you could cut your finger off and it
still wouldn't bleed more blood than my
ear blood that day but uh they're still
looking into why the ear bleeds more
than any other body part that anyone has
uh but with that being said I think
babies should have guns I think when
you're born they should put a gun in the
baby's hands and that is how we're going
to make America great again
[ __ ] you all right Marvin what about you
what do you think about guns uh well
guns are loud and
scary and they kill people and I I don't
think I don't think you need an AR-15 I
mean a handgun's nice I mean to protect
yourself I don't I don't know why you'd
ever need an
AR-15 cuz those are big and like the
military needs that I don't know why
you'd need that so I don't I guess you
buy what you want I guess let me stop
you right there let me stop you this guy
right here is a loser I'm a winner I bet
I bet he doesn't even know how to golf
what what's your handicap oh I'm I'm not
handicapped I'm I'm I'm good I'm
mentally good I think my son might be
handicapped I mean I think he I think
he's faking it sometimes but I'm okay I
bet he can't even hit par On a par 4 I I
can Par Four R all right that does it
for this debate well you did okay Marvin
but I think Trump did better the good
news is we have until November to get
you ready for the election so I
recommend playing more golf well Marvin
I think you did great and also I think
you're right McDonald's should be open
24 hours again good afternoon Mr Morphin
who are you guys we're your new Secret
Service agents I'm agent Earl and this
is Agent G hello oh why do I have Secret
Service agents I'm not president well we
have to protect the candidates too to
make sure they make it to the election
oh that's so fun we're protecting him
not you so what do you guys do all day
well we protect you at all times you go
to take a piss we hold it you take a
[ __ ] we wipe it we protect you from
everything oh okay oh my stomach's
growling he's got to rush rat in his
stomach trying to kill him get him down
get out of there you Russian bastard I'm
just hungry what I'm hungry Oh I thought
you had a rat in your stomach trying to
eat its way out of your abdomen or maybe
you swallowed some cyanide no I'm just
hungry I want to go to the kitchen and
get some food he needs food food all
right let's go to the kitchen I got this
side I got this side we good we're good
are we good we're good okay move
move these chicken nil look good move
move move stop wait who are you guys
we're Secret Service agents for Mr
Marvin Marvin you running for president
I am oh that's hard wait what are you
cooking oh chicken enchiladas looks good
right it looks like [ __ ] hey Mr Marvin
for your safety I have to recommend that
you not eat these you're going to get
some kind of deadly diarrhea I recommend
we go somewhere safe with the roof like
Applebees I can girl I mean we can go to
Apple I got this side I got this side
are we ready to move we're ready to move
are we good we're
good Mo move okay Mr Marvin you stay
right there while me and agent clear the
area agent Earl
go make sure you get rid of any knives
and forks we don't want anything pointy
oh I I can use a fork no that's what the
terrorists want you to do is eat with
forks you got to use spoons only hello
welcome to Apple what the [ __ ] get her
get her get who are you I'm the waitress
do you have a gun you hippie no I work
here we good we're good okay we're good
we're good what can I get you well just
to be safe I think we should probably
get um one of everything on the entire
menu just to make sure it's not poison I
think girl are you going to pay this
time uh excuse me this is a presidential
candidate of course we're going to use
campaign money to pay okay all right Mr
Marvin when the food gets here don't eat
anything until me and agent Earl have
tasted it all right here's all the food
oh this all looks so good I I mean
poisoned I'm bringing the check before
you can run
away what do you think you're doing
Marvin I want a cheese stick no no no no
no no no I have to make sure none of
this stuff is poison before you can e it
I say we check the drinks first good
idea agent Earl hey what the [ __ ] this
is Diet Pepsi this might as well be
poisoned Marvin I'm doing you a favor
all right now what do I want to taste
test first maybe the chicken won tacos
or maybe the chicken alfredo or the four
cheese mac and cheese honey pepper
chicken tenders or maybe the kids cheese
pizza just don't touch my Burg his
Burger all right morvin just be patient
and wait right there while we test this
food agent Earl ready ready are we ready
we're ready
oh that was definitely not poisoned
nah-uh oh that was delicious Marvin what
am I going to eat oh yeah right well I
do have two french fries left that might
be poisoned so how are you going to pay
pay we don't have to pay he's a
presidential candidate are you [ __ ]
serious yeah I am all right that's
it oh oh [ __ ] Marvin you okay buddy man
D oh got shot oh we are so fired yeah oh
Marvin I'm so sorry you got shot buddy
we couldn't help we were just in a food
coma we couldn't even move you saw the
gun and you jumped out of the way well
yeah Marvin it's a gun it's [ __ ]
scary I don't want to get shot your job
is to get shot to protect me why would I
get shot for you because you're supposed
to protect my life what why is your life
worth more than mine Well it Well
because that's your job is to to die for
me if you have to okay you're definitely
not fit to be president if you think
you're better than everybody I don't
think but your job is to protect me well
I don't want to get shot I mean a human
life is a human life why should I die
for you that's not fair okay listen then
you're not good to be a secret service
agent I don't want to be [ __ ] this I
want to get shot I'm not doing this job
baby I think I'm going to drop out of
the presidential race it's too stressful
you're not allowed to eat and people try
to kill you every day I think that's a
good idea Marvin okay how do I announce
I'm quitting like do I go on Twitter I
don't have a Twitter I think you just
say it I'm dropping out of the
presidential
race who's at the door hello hello marin
oh God what do you want Trump well I
just wanted to stop by because I heard
that you dropped out of the race I did
loser loser the hugest loser this
country's ever seen all right well I
thought you'd be happy oh I am Robin
build the world build the world build
the world huge build the world huge and
build it really tall across the Mexico
border goodbye
[ __ ] oh my
[Music]
yeah hey guys it's Logan thank you guys
so much for helping us reach our goal of
selling 2,000 Jeffy pios The Jeffy piano
will only be available until July 31st
so if you still want one go on
smlmerch.com right now and pre-order
yours now thank you so much for being
amazing fans we love you guys and I
can't wait to make more videos for you