all right all our bags are packed oh
Marvin I'm so excited to go to St Louis
Missouri if we're going to Missouri why
you dress like you're going to the beach
because we are going to the beach Marvin
there's no beach in St Louis Marvin
prepare to be wrong check this out
what's that right next to the arch
that's right it's a beach can you
imagine floating in a pool floaty and
looking up at the arch I think that's
Heaven Marvin well that looks like a
river yeah the Mississippi I can't wait
to go snorkling and eat Mexican food oh
Marvin they have the best Mexican food I
I swear it's like they hop the border
and come straight to St Louis so you've
been to St Louis before yeah we go every
summer Bo says it's the cheapest Beach
you can go to yeah it's amazing Marvin
see in the picture there's nobody else
there it's like having your own private
beach just for you and also that barge
okay well why don't we go somewhere more
tropical like Oklahoma Marvin
everybody's going to be swimming in the
beaches of Oklahoma this time of year
you know where they're not going to be
St Louis Missouri okay well let's not
miss our flight grab your bags yeah we
got to hurry up we have a South West
flight and it's like riding a bus
there's no assigned seating it's just
first come first serve so we might not
actually even be sitting together I
swear if I get seated next to a crying
baby I'm going to punch it in the face
well if you punch it's going to cry more
not if I punch it hard enough Marvin
just kidding but maybe I'm not come on
let's
go how lucky of us that we all get to
sit together in one row I know isn't it
great Morphin Danny what would happen if
the plane crash into a building Jeffy
don't say St like that what happened
three times almost four Jeffy that was a
long time ago yeah Jeffy it's not going
to happen so shut up all right one more
question how do we know that the pilot
did didn't catch his wife cheating on
him and he's about to crash the plane on
purpose to get back at life well I'm
starting to freak out Jeffy calm down
come down that's not going to happen
they screen the pilots every every day I
think I hate sitting in the middle
seat and I'm sitting next to a baby
fungus sit down what the [ __ ] you named
your baby fungus well would you like to
sit next to fungus no she likes the
window seat okay well do you want to
switch seats with me so I can sit on the
end and you can sit with fungus no I
like the aisle seat that makes [ __ ]
sense Mama Mama Mama Mama Mama I I think
it wants your attention mama that's okay
she's self soothing she'll calm down in
30 minutes to an
hour oh that is [ __ ]
perfect hey you think you could cry
louder I don't think my eard drums have
ruptured
yet where how do you like it where can I
get y'all anything before take off yeah
I'd like a bomb so I can blow this plane
up Sir you can't say bomb on an airplane
oh sorry well can I at least get some
earplugs then oh shoot I just gave away
my last pair oh well those people also
sitting next to a screaming baby I don't
think so yeah I'm sure they needed it
way more than I do oh one more thing um
hypothetically if I were to punch this
baby would I still be able to go to St
Louis
no
okay I really want to see that
art okay that's it shut up shut up baby
shut up give you something to cry about
you stupid that baby sounds like it's
getting murdered hey what go back to
your seat um I just punched a baby over
there and now the flight attendant is
saying I have to switch seats would any
of y'all mind switching seats with him
uh Rose you want to switch seats with
him sure I'll sit by baby wait really I
get a window seat I got to start
punching babies more often oh Marvin
this is the perfect way to start a
vacation in St Louis Missouri I'm on a
Southwest flight right next to my best
buddy hey Morphin what do you think the
odds are that the flight attendant will
suck me off in the bathroom what no no
I'm just kidding that's crazy that's
crazy that wouldn't happen it's crazy
but maybe right no no I wouldn't let it
get that far I wouldn't do
that this is your captain speaking I
just want everyone to know that last
night I caught my wife cheating on me
with three black guys so you're going to
have to bear with me prepare the cabin
for take off Marvin it sounds like the
Captain's having a rough day but don't
worry he'll cheer right up as soon as we
land in St Louis Missouri happiest place
on
Earth bpy take off
well it's really really bump really
bumpy
takeoff I'm sorry I'm so sorry I'm
getting crush it what it's going to be
F wait minute what happened wait I
thought I punched you can I get y'all
anything before take off you already
asked us that no I didn't yes you
did this is your captain speaking I just
want everyone to to know that last night
I caught my wife cheating on me with
three black guys so you're going to have
to bear with me prepare the cabin for
take off wait wait wait a minute that
that means that means this plane's going
to crash I need to get off this plane
wait wait wait come on Marvin Marvin Ro
chy Marvin Marvin Jeffy Rose I just had
a vision that this plane is going to
crash it's going to crash yeah I had a
that so raven moment we need to get off
this plane okay what about your wife oh
yeah Karen we're leaving come on let's
go oh hey look at that I left my bag see
isn't it good that we got off that plane
why' you make us get off the plane we
missed our flight yeah what the hell is
going on Bo yeah what the hell is going
on Bo well I had a vision that the plane
was going to crash you Daydream the
plane crashing until you made us all
miss our vacation no it wasn't a
Daydream it was really realistic like I
punched this baby in the face and then I
came in set with Marvin and then the
pilot said he was sad and then he
crashed the plane it sounds like you
fell asleep in your seat and had a bad
dream no trust me I could not have
fallen asleep with that baby screaming
at me Bo you ruined us some a vacation
yeah okay well you guys are going to
thank me when that plane crashes I think
that plane's going to crash planes don't
crash anymore planes are very safe look
the
news breaking news k a plane during
takeoff drove off the Runway and crashed
into a building killing all 180
passengers on board oh my God how
horrible those poor people yes yes I was
right yes face face face face oh yeah
you guys didn't believe me but then I
whipped out the dick of Truth and I was
like all over you guys oh yeah I was
like the plane's going to crash and you
were like nuh and then you know what
happened it blew up it crashed and yes I
know I'm being a little insensitive
because 180 people died but I know five
[ __ ] who didn't right Marvin
right we are alive yes because of me
because of how right I was I'm totally
going to use this at parties I'm going
to be like hey you know that plane that
crashed I was on it until I got off
because I had a bad feeling I like
making stuff about me you know like
whenever I see a car accident on the
news and I'm like I drive on that street
all the time that totally could have
been me but it wasn't but I'm still
going to make a Facebook post about how
it could have been yummy the likes oh
God I love being right so much okay
Karen come on let's go home and you make
me dinner to celebrate how right I am I
cannot believe we just escaped
death all right B get taquitos will be
ready in about 20 minutes yummy taquitos
I like those I know you do Bo oh Bo
who's dollar and one penny is this on
the counter it's mine Karen don't touch
it okay well I'm just going to move it
out of my way oh oh oh no bo bo I
dropped your penny down the garbage
disposal well you better get it God damn
it that's a 1997 Penny I like that year
okay Pon oh oh oh oh it's so deep oh
it's so deep oh deep oh my God that's so
hot oh that's so hot oh no oh no I'm so
sorry
damn Karen what's all that screaming
about if you burnt the Taquito we can
always just get Uber Eats
Karen oh oh God you definitely burn the
taito it smells like a burning body well
Karen I'm going to go over to Marvin's
house definitely not a strip club it's
definitely going to be Marvin's house no
strip clubs for me just Marvin okay
Marvin it's just so sad those people
died today we could have died I know but
we didn't we got off the plane so just
be grateful we're alive hey look how
high I'm jumping Jeffy no jumping on the
trampoline in the living room oh
trampoline dick B jumping down and [ __ ]
seriously Jeffy people lost their lives
there's no mood to jump on a trampoline
right now we're jumping on a trampoline
makes me feel better dang how high you
think I can
jump oh my God what what what happened
Marvin I didn't see Jeffy was jumping on
the trampoline he got decapitated for
the S fan oh my God Jeff yeah that more
that what do we do I'm going to go take
a bath a bath yes I'm going to take a
bath because I'm sad you don't take a
bath if you see someone die Morgan it's
my sad bath
time I don't know what I'm going to do I
got to call no11 why do I call no11 he's
already dead there's no saving of him
he's dead his head's completely off what
do I do
[Music]
oh this bath is making me feel so much
better oh I'm going to watch Tik Tok on
my
phone hey buddy I think my wife burned
dinner you want to come to the strip
club with me I just saw my son get
decapitated by a ceiling fan well that's
why we don't put trampolines under
ceiling fans there you go buddy what did
we learn you don't care that my son is
dead well listen you're not the only one
dealing with the dead body okay I'm
pretty sure my wife fell into an oven
and got cooked to death you saw that
happen to her well I didn't see it but I
heard it I didn't want to see it because
I didn't want to be traumatized but I'm
also kind of freaking out because I saw
this movie called Final Destination
where some people avoid dying in a plane
crash and then they start dying in freak
accidents and I'm pretty sure that's
what's happening to us because my wife
is dead your son is dead and I don't see
your wife so I'm assuming she's dead too
my wife might be dead yeah probably so I
figure if we're going to die anyway we
might as well die at the strip club
right I mean what's the worst that could
happen there a stripper's ass is too fat
and it engulfs my head and I suffocate
or I'm sucking on titties and they're
too fat and I suffocate that sounds like
a pretty good Death To Me Marvin yeah I
guess the best place to die is a strip
club yeah exactly so um how are we going
to get there well we can take my car no
no no cars there's a car accident in
Final Destination 2 and it's horrible a
log wases Through a Windshield no I
don't want to deal with that okay um do
you have a bike no because then if the
chain breaks it might slit our throat
and I don't want to do that either why
don't we just walk no no cuz we could
get hit by a car or lightning or another
plane no it's no good we can just call
an Uber right yes yes that's a good idea
I don't think death would kill an
innocent Uber driver just to get to us
good idea okay let me call the Uber let
me get my bowling ball wait why are you
bringing a bowling ball to a strip club
because there's a bowling alley at the
strip club Marvin it's called tens and
pins cuz you can look at tens while
you're knocking down pins it's great oh
okay the Uber's almost here oh last one
there is a rotten egg no no I'm going
down there oh no fair I got to roll my
ball I'm going to make it to the Uber
first I'm not going to be a rotten
egg I'm going to catch you oh [ __ ] oh
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] watch out ouch oh
yeah yeah that would happen yeah I am
definitely in a final destination movie
I really got to get to this strip club
oh man I am ready to die yes I am oh hey
what's your name I'm Brooklyn guy great
what are you doing here oh I'm just
looking for something to kill me oh my
God are you depressed no I'm in a pretty
good mood I just know I'm going to die
soon oh is it like cancer no no it's
going to be a freak accident oh are you
a psychic well maybe I did have a vision
earlier that helped me avoid a plane
crash oh my God that's so cool hey can I
give you money to do stuff to me sure
but I have to tell you I have
HIV there it is that's how it's going to
get me I'm looking death in the face yep
I can't cheat death twice you know what
I don't even think I want to this is how
I die hey not touching the lce oh no I
paid oh no [ __ ] no not like this oh come
on on no it was supposed to be hot I was
supposed to die in the titties it's not
fair curse you cruel dad
[Music]