you guys ready to see who wins the
presidential election yeah I hope I win
I hope you win yeah I voted for myself I
wrote myself in you voted for yourself
for president yeah you have to be at
least 35 years old to be president so
ever since I turned 35 I always write
myself in well you know you're not going
to win right like Harris and Trump are
going to get millions and millions of
votes well sure yeah I don't have
billions of dollars for campaigning like
they do but I do have a lot of jobs so
every time I help somebody out at work I
tell them to write me in for president
and sometimes they do so maybe this is
going to be the year I win it doesn't
matter who we vote for anyway it's all
rigged they're taking our voices and our
choices away and all our rights it's not
a Democratic Society it's a barbaric
Society she's been doing this all day
yeah she thinks tree should have tampons
oh but who'd you vote for though you yes
what you voted for him yeah he asked me
too see Marvin some people listen there
you go champ maybe you'll learn someday
who'd you vote for Jeffy PE pees and
ginies you wrote peep pees and ginies on
your ballot oh man I hope I don't lose
to him that's not a real person you're
telling me peees and gines isn't a real
guy no he just wrote that to be stupid
oh well then I got this election in the
bag oh shut up shut up the election
results are
on breaking news it's a close
presidential race with kamla Harris
having 179 electoral votes and Donald
Trump having 178 but I'm getting word
now that a ride in with 181 electoral
votes is Brooklyn T guy he is now the
president of the United States meet your
new commanderin-chief [ __ ] F yeah yeah I
did it Marvin I'm the president of the
United States but how you know what's
weird I didn't win Florida even though I
live here but the whole upper Northeast
got me those are my people all right
this way Mr President let's move oh my
God Marvin I get secret service I can't
believe it brooken gu is the
president all right here you are Mr
President the oal office if you need
anything I'll be right outside thanks Mr
Secret Service man oh my God the
Resolute desk fingerprints fingerprints
fingerprints my germs uh
this is so cool how many people can say
they've licked the Resolute desk that
must be the presidential phone blah blah
blah I'm the President make laws and
stuff this is awesome King in the castle
King in the castle I have a chair oh man
I love Borat I'm going to watch it
tonight while laying in Abraham
Lincoln's bed and then I'm going to go
over it with a blackl to see if he
bunging it hello Mr President and there
she is the girl who sits under the desk
and sucks me off like I'm Bill Clinton
no sir that's not my job I'm your
secretary even better now hurry up and
get down there I'm ready to getting
peached no sir I'm here to congratulate
you on your presidency and tell you
about your day oh well real quick quick
question um where is the Joe Biden ice
cream button oh it's right there sir so
I just press this button and I get ice
cream yes if you press it you can get
whatever you ask for wait whatever I ask
for like a genie and a lamp yes but you
get more than three wishes oh that's
awesome wait wait does that mean this is
also the nuke button yes so I can just
press this button and nuke anybody I
want yes but I wouldn't recommend it
even Bradley tberry the kid who wouldn't
let me borrow his crayons in
kindergarten well you could nuke him but
you would also nuke anyone around him
anybody around Bradley tberry deserves
to die because there's a chance they
might know Bradley tberry and nobody
likes Bradley tberry nuke
[Music]
them whoa I guess Bradley tberry lived
pretty close huh apparently so sir so
anyway sir today we need to start off by
inaugurating you no no no we'll do all
that later um isn't supposed to be like
a top secret book with all the president
secrets in it yes well let me read it
but sir we need to get on with your day
I can't start my day until I have the
secrets give me the book okay fine here
you go Sir Nicholas Cage was right oh I
smell the secrets okay where is it yep
911 inside job just like I thought wow
it actually says they were originally
going to use 12 planes that would have
been messy what about JFK oh wait so he
didn't even get shot he just had pop
rocks and Coke and his head exploded
that's nuts what about Area 51 I knew
aliens were real sir your day okay fine
what do I have to do well you have a
call with Vladimir Putin oh okay so um
what is the phone number for Russia oh
just dial for oh I got want speed dial
that makes sense uh hello Vlad hey this
V stop it stop it you you listen to me
you stop it you knock off that [ __ ] with
Ukraine you hear me stop it well you
dare slam the president of know what you
did that was easy ice cream time Mr
President we got to get you out out of
here you're in danger come with me I so
let's talk about the news Trump won the
election which means it's going to be
another 4 years of crazy headline well
thankfully we've got ground news as
today's sponsor and their mission is to
help us make sense of it all ground news
is an independent nonpartisan app that
shows stories from Left Right and
everything in between so you can see
through misleading information and get
closer to the truth for every story
they'll show you which sources are
reporting on it if they have a political
bias and how reliable their reporting
practices are so you can directly
compare coverage and see which points
are being emphasized exaggerated or left
out entirely and if you want to get a
better sense of where this division is
coming from and how our media
contributes check out their blind spot
feed which shows stories that are
disproportionately covered by one side
of the political Spectrum so you can
break out of your Echo chamber and see
the bigger picture you'll quickly start
to understand where your uncle gets his
information from when he's doing his own
research so here's why you need ground
news as you're getting flooded with more
articles about Trump for the next 4
years you'll be able to think critically
break out of your media bubble and maybe
even find a little Common Ground if you
want to try it out go to ground. newsml
or scan the QR code on the screen
they're offering you guys 50% of their
Vantage PL so jump on it time to get out
of the media Spin and get the real story
thank you to ground news for sponsoring
this video all right here you are Mr
President Thank You Marvin he carries me
on his shoulders it's amazing what are
you doing here brooken Guy Mr President
what are you doing here Mr President
well I'm so glad you asked Marvin see I
nuked Bradley t-berry's house and he
just so happened to live in in Virginia
which is very close to Washington DC so
the radiation got dangerously close to
the White House and they told me I had
to leave they wanted to take me to Camp
David but I said no I want to go to
Marvin's house oh okay what's this book
oh this is just a top secret book only
for presidents that presidents can read
full of presidential Secrets Marvin it
has all of the secrets did you know
Marilyn Monroe gave sloppy toppy I know
that because JFK wrote it down oh I want
to read it no Marvin look it says only
for presidents are you a president no
exactly and are you a president no no
because they don't let women be
presidents I'm the president only me
yummy the book what's this button oh oh
that's the button that lets me get
whatever I want check this out M&M's oh
okay here you are see Marvin M&M's you
want some M&M's Marvin I like peanut
M&M's Peanut M&M's okay Peanut M&M's
there you go Marvin and tonight I want
to see if this button really gets me
whatever I want well what's this right
here oh Marvin you're not going to
believe this this [ __ ] is crazy so you
pick this thing up and you put it to
your ear right and then you push these
little buttons here with the numbers on
them and you can call anybody in the
world as long as you know their numbers
it's called a [ __ ] phone oh I know
it's a phone then why did you ask what
it was morvin because I I I just meant
like is it special it's a phone sir
please we need to discuss what you need
to do today you keep saying I need to do
things what do I need to do well you
need to appoint a cabinet I don't know
anything about painting cabinets I'm the
[ __ ] president paint them white I
don't care not paint a cabinet appoint
your cabinet oh like helpers yes like uh
who's your vice president uh Tom Brady
Tom Brady yeah yeah he's the goat I want
him to be my vice president Tom Brady
well I'm not going to pick [ __ ]
Patrick Mahomes yes Tom Brady okay okay
what about uh Secretary of Defense um
eeny meeny miny Marvin me yeah
congratulations Marvin you're going to
be in charge of wars and [ __ ] I don't
want to do that it stresses me out I
don't want to go to war well good we're
already thinking the same
Skittles there you go morvin good boy
can I be something sure you can be the
Secretary of Education okay no more
school don't Lo it okay cool so that
about does it right no you need to
address the public and tell them what
you want to do as president oh God I
hate giving speeches I'm going to need
something to loosen me up um
beer okay yes now I'm ready to Face the
Nation no no morvin president
only hey everybody hold let me just
finish this beer real
quick that's better yeah okay hey
everybody [ __ ] you America it's me the
president the big cheese so apparently
you guys want me to come out here and
tell you all the stuff I'm gonna do as
president so that's what I'm GNA do so
first law no more Ticket Master I don't
like that [ __ ] it doesn't make any sense
I buy tickets off StubHub and SeatGeek
and they just transfer it on Ticket
Master anyway it doesn't make any
[ __ ] sense it's like going to Coke to
buy a Pepsi it's [ __ ] no more Ticket
Master bye-bye Ticket Master see you
later okay what else do I not like
electric cars [ __ ] them I don't I don't
like that I like gas gas okay only gas
cars from now on but gas is too
expensive so $1 gas forever $1 not per
gallon just $1 for all the gas you need
that that'll fix it um and weed is legal
everywhere all the states I like weed I
like to get high everybody going to get
high with me weed is legal now um and if
you steal you get your hand cut off no
exception no matter what you steal even
if you're like a little kid doesn't
matter you steal a candy bar you cut
your [ __ ] hand off so that way you go
do a job interview they're like I'm not
going to hire you you ain't got no hand
that means you're you're a stealer
you're a thief okay that that'll take
care of a lot of problems and uh what
else do I not like Twizzlers I they're
too chewy I'm not going to make a law
about it but they're too chewy I don't
like them so I say no more Twizzlers and
if you buy Twizzlers you're not allowed
to vote because if you buy Twizzlers out
of all the candies you can't make good
decisions so that's all I got um I'm
going to open up the questions hey you
with the gun in the back what about you
what Mr President watch out no
[Music]
what if you jumped faster we would both
be okay Marvin did you see that I almost
got shot you're supposed to be my
secretary of defense why didn't you
defend me well I'm dealing with a lot
right now okay well whatever you're
dealing with can't be worse than what
I'm dealing with my secret service agent
got shot I don't even know his name well
you see North Korea's on the phone they
keep shooting nukes into the ocean wait
they're messing with Nemo my buddy Nemo
my boy Nemo and crush the turtle oh no
no no I'm going to give him a piece of
my mind Hey I know Finding Dory sucked
but that's no excuse okay I don't like
America I keep shooting missile into
water [ __ ] you but no stop it you stop
it right stop it no I'm going nuke you
all right that's it nuke them sir I'm
sorry I have some bad news you see they
recounted the election the votes and uh
Donald Trump won oh he he did yes he's
he's president and technically you
shouldn't even be in office because that
doesn't happen till January it's a whole
thing oh I see um blowy no under the
desk
no no that doesn't even work okay I
understand [ __ ]
you what Joe Biden Z [ __ ]
Daddy's home ah Trump I'm give me my
book back well can't I just read one
more page no this is a top secret book
for president only are you a president
no you're not I am I'm the president I
haven't Declassified the book yet wrong
wrong wrong wrong wrong
B
[Music]