i got nothing to do today this is the
most insignificant day of the whole year
as a matter of fact i got nothing going
on this whole week hey dad oh hey
penelope what do you want so what are
you doing today um this do you know what
today is uh wednesday dad oh no no no
you're right or you're right it's not
wednesday it's thursday oh my god you
forgot it's my birthday but today's not
your birthday your birthday's not until
april 17th no it's not oh no that was my
girlfriend in college's birthday oh she
was a freak i don't know what she's up
to ew dad look i i didn't forget your
birthday okay i remembered okay so what
did you get me um well what did you want
oh my god you forgot no i know i didn't
forget i just want to make sure you
remember what you wanted so let's say it
on the count of three okay three two one
an xbox what an xbox you're a girl you
don't play video games dad that's sexist
hey you shouldn't even know what sex is
until you're 40. dad girls can play
video games too don't mean you're good
at them what what then i got to use
stupid xbox okay don't worry about it
okay well can i have it now well you
can't have it until your birthday it is
my birthday well you can't have it until
later tonight it's nighttime well give
me ten minutes i gotta wrap it first ah
fine oh crap i didn't get her anything
for her birthday she's gonna be so
pissed where am i gonna find an xbox at
this time ugh i gotta call my brother
jonathan he's a nerd come on answer the
phone answer the phone the one time i
actually decide to call you
hello i want to know why you're out of
breath how did you put my shock away ew
what i was just doing laundry i just
finished a huge load yeah okay look i i
just wanted to know if you have one of
the new xboxes the new xbox they're
shown out everywhere bro okay cool do
you have one i mean i have something
that's very similar what what what do
you have i may just happen to have a
replica xbox mini fridge what a fridge
what does it play video games well it
does if you use your imagination well
does it look like an xbox oh yeah it
looks exactly the same okay good enough
that'll do bring it over
what's in it for me well i don't know
what do you want i want your wife to
tell me she loves me well i can't do
that well no it's you then okay fine
i'll do it hold on honey can you get in
here what do you want blainey i need you
to tell my brother that you love him oh
okay
jonathan i love you so much
another huge load ew just come over
don't come downstairs penelope i got it
you're grounded if you come downstairs
hello hey i got your package now that's
your wife if she wants mine thanks
jonathan bye but what are you not gonna
buy me in
oh my god it looks perfect as long as
she doesn't see the box she'll never
even know all right time to go be the
best dad ever there you go penelope
here's your real xbox that i paid for
with my money and it's real oh my god
dad you really got it for me i thought
you were lying no i would never lie to
my little princess dad this is the most
amazing gift ever but where's the
controller what controller i uh oh no no
i i couldn't get a controller it didn't
come with a controller no you're gonna
have to wait till your next birthday for
a controller i have to wait a whole year
before i can play with it no that's just
ungrateful i already got you this big
old xbox what is this on the side i
don't oh oh
it's a refrigerator oh that that's how
special you are because it's an xbox and
a refrigerator most kids don't have that
oh my god i knew you were lying and i
knew you forgot i can't believe you
didn't get me an xbox no no no no no no
no
april fool's it's just an april fool's
joke to see because i thought your
birthday was in april so i did an april
fool's joke early too
i i got you a real xbox just um give me
10 minutes and i i need this back no
what am i going to do what am i going to
do where am i going to find an xbox at
this time of night oh i know i could
dress up like a cop and then i could go
to random people's houses and then tell
them i have a search warrant and search
the house until i find a house that has
an xbox and just take it yeah i'll do
that oh no the storm's closing i gotta
build bandit jump oh i'm getting shot at
i died junior shouldn't we be playing a
two-player game yeah dude you guys don't
like watching me play fortnite by myself
no no it's not p of u i'm sorry what
it's not p yeah it's not p of him what p
like urine no no no no he's not pushing
p dude pushing p why would he have to
push p does he have a uti or like a
kidney stone he has to push it out no
gross nothing like that look he's not
sharing the controller so he's not
pushing p dude
i don't understand p if you don't
understand p then you're not p yourself
i i guess i'm not p i mean there's 25
other letters i could be maybe i'm o or
q but i'm not p well if you're not
pushing p i'm definitely pushing a few
letters i'm pushing y x a and b on this
controller
who's that
oh hello the cops what are you doing
here hey kid do you have one of those
new xboxes uh yeah i'm playing it right
now well i have a search warrant to
search your house then because i heard
there was all kinds of illegal stuff in
here it's uh it's one of those um what
do kids call it oh trap house that's
what this is well it's not a trap house
there's no illegal stuff in here that's
exactly what a guilty person would say
i'm coming in hey dude who was at the
door oh it's the cops oh well cody's in
the bathroom okay oh man based on what
i'm seeing here there must be a lot of
illegal activity going on oh wow just
cause you see a black person you assume
illegal activity no no no no no no no oh
my god no that's not what i meant see i
i lied i don't even have a warrant
please don't tell my boss well what are
you doing here then i i just wanted to
hang out you know oh this is a really
nice xbox oh yeah i love my xbox i love
playing video games i just wish i had
new games because games are so expensive
and i can't afford them oh yeah well
what if i told you i could get you a
hacked xbox that has all the games on it
for free and to get all the new games
when they come out for free too really
yeah yeah i have it in my car so if you
let me take this one i'll get you the
hacked xbox oh i want the hacked xbox
then we can have two player games and we
all can play together
okay you can take this xbox as long as
you give me the hacked one okay okay
i'll be right back okay yeah there you
go there's your hacked xbox oh my god
it's so big well it has to be to fit all
those games in there dude he wasn't
lying he's totally pushing p he's
totally pushing p well i mean i i went
before i left but i'm glad you like the
xbox i gotta go oh my god so big hey
guys sorry i was in the bathroom whoa
junior what happened to your xbox it's
so big that's what your mom said last
night when she saw my wiener
you could have just said that that's
what my mom said last night you didn't
have to say the wiener part i want to
make sure you get the joke dude i got it
so junior where'd this come from this
cop came to my house and he said he can
get me a hacked xbox that comes with
nothing but free games and free games
for the future as long as i gave him my
xbox wow that's cool how much did you
have to pay for it he didn't make me pay
anything he did it for free what really
wait where's the controller controller
he didn't give me a controller maybe you
don't need a controller dude
oh there's a handle right here maybe
maybe the controller's inside
ow
wait what what's this what it looks like
a refrigerator oh he gave me an xbox
it's also a refrigerator that's so cool
oh that is awesome uh guys i think it's
just a refrigerator what just
you think he ripped me off i think he
stole your xbox and just gave you a
refrigerator that's not p of m that is
totally not p yeah that's not p at all
you don't even know what p means well i
know this isn't p
i'm gonna go to his house i'm gonna get
my xbox back you can't just do that to
me ah here you go penelope i got you a
real xbox this time are you sure it's
not another refrigerator no it's
actually a real look it turns on oh my
god dad you got me a real xbox thank you
so much yeah look i even got you the
controller
why is it sticky um it's that new
controller feel dad this is the best
birthday ever you totally rock yeah well
i hope you enjoy your birthday my little
princess hey dad uh-huh how old am i
oh you
really trying to make this the hardest
birthday ever okay look how about we
don't talk about that and you just enjoy
your xbox okay dad thank you
you did good brooklyn guy you did good
oh come on who could that be hello oh oh
it's you kid how's that xbox treatin ya
you gave me a refrigerator no no i
didn't i gave you a big xbox full full
of free games no you gave me a
refrigerator and i want my xbox back
okay listen kid you're not getting that
xbox back okay so just leave well what
if i call the cops that you stole from
me you can't call the cops i am the cops
you call the cops my phone's gonna ring
what if i call your boss oh yeah who's
he gonna believe me or a stupid little
kid like you i guess we have to find out
yeah okay yeah let's find out
 oh no oh no oh no no it's the chief
hey chief he's lying gary i got a call
from a kid that said you stole his xbox
i i did no such thing sir he's a liar
liar and his pants are on fire well he
recorded the entire conversation and
sent it to me oh i guess it's my pants
that are on fire yeah so i'll make you a
deal if you give him back the xbox i
won't fire you but but sir i already
gave it to my daughter for her birthday
well you better give it back and ruin
your daughter's birthday okay
oh man i'm gonna take away an xbox for
my daughter on her birthday
die suck it nerds hey there princess how
you liking the xbox dad i love it it's
the greatest present ever i don't know
what i would do without it
really so you sure there's nothing wrong
with it no it's fine the controller's a
little sticky but i i can send it back i
can take the whole thing back just for
the controller nah that's okay uh really
okay um oh what's this i think i see
something wrong with it back here oh oh
no it turned off and it fell over oh no
something must be broken dad you just
unplugged it and knocked it over well it
shouldn't have been so easy to unplug so
clearly it's broken dad it's fine
what if i get you a pink one instead huh
do they have that i don't know but i'd
have to take this one back
and no that's okay oh what if i sent it
off to be spray painted pink how about
that it would take like a month though
ew no dad leave me alone
okay so so you really want to keep this
stupid broken crappy xbox huh
okay
okay she leaves me no choice i'm gonna
have to steal it from her
freeze this is a robbery oh my god
please don't hurt me i won't hurt you
just give me the xbox
hey what's up i heard you screaming what
happened to you oh you know i was at the
grocery store and me and this old lady
reached for the lucky charms at the same
time and she socked me right in the eye
she was a lot stronger than she looked
well while you left me home all alone a
robber broke in and stole my xbox oh
that that bastard doesn't he know what
cop lives here why why would he even try
such a thing so what are you gonna do
about it oh i i will not rest until i
catch the guy that did that sweetie well
can you buy me a new xbox oh honey i i'm
sorry but i i spent all my money on the
other xbox but it's my birthday you
promised
oh god hey how about this how about
until i find you another xbox here's a
hundred dollars
thanks dad uh-huh oh thank god
okay kid here's your xbox back cody's in
the bathroom again dude what happened to
your eye no i got hit god i hate black
eyes wow i'm sitting right here i can't
believe you would say something like
that oh no no no no no no that's not
what i said i said i hate black eyes no
you said black guys i heard you you said
you hate him no no no no no no no i
didn't i just thought i said no no i'm
about to call your boss oh come on don't
do that
[Music]