[Music]
what's wrong Cody well it's just that me
and Ken want to have a baby but we can't
cuz we're two dudes he's a dog Cody he's
not a dog J why do you and Ken want have
a baby well it's just that we've been
together for a long time and it would be
cool to have a little Ken junor running
around where do babies even come from
dude I think girls po them out of their
butts e yeah that's what I heard but we
don't have a girl's butt so I made a
machine that can make babies you made a
machine that can make babies yeah let me
go get
it behold you guys baby machine b y
machine patent pending wa baby machine
what's it do yeah what I just explained
that it makes babies well how's it work
oh well you put the DNA of one person
here and then you put the DNA of another
person here and then the machine
combines the DNA to make a baby well if
you already made a baby machine why' you
even tell us about it why don't you just
make a baby oh well cuz Ken here doesn't
have any DNA because he's a doll dude no
Joseph it's because his DNA got burned
off when he was in space exploring the
universe and he encountered aliens cuz
he had to save the planet of quadrillion
and the only way he could save it is if
they burned off all his DNA what do you
even hear yourself dude well look guys
the point is I need someone's DNA well
you can't have mine I don't even like
you dude I guess I'll give you my DNA
since we're best buds well Junior I was
actually thinking we'd use Chef pee's
DNA Chef pee's DNA why his have you seen
him he is gorgeous my DNA combined with
his our baby would be rocking he'd be a
supermodel Chef peip is really hot yeah
he's banging okay so how do we get Chef
pee's DNA okay I was thinking I would
dress up like a girl right and then I'd
go on Tinder and then I'd match with him
and then we'd go on a date and then he
invite me back to his house and then
he'd want to do it but then I'd be like
no I want to wait till marriage and then
we wait and we date for 2 years and then
when we finally get married we go on a
honeymoon to Hawaii and then right when
we're about to make sweet passionate
love I pluck out one of his hairs and
run away isn't there a quicker way to do
it I mean I guess you could just get his
hair right now from the kitchen but I
mean that'd be boring and I already have
the girl outfit ready I'm just going to
go grab one of his hairs right now A
come on I already bought the plane
tickets Junior your ham and cheese
sandwich is ready thanks Chef pey wait
why aren't you wearing your hair net
Junior I'm not a lunch lady I don't need
a hair net well you get hair in my food
all the time I don't get hair in your
food just get your sandwich and eat it
already
Perfect all right Cody take your pick
look at all the you got e that much hair
yeah he's getting old I'll just take
some of this hair put it here and then
for my
DNA Yu okay so now I just set it to 350Â°
put it on toast and leave it for about
an hour an hour what are we going to do
for an hour yeah I don't know make out
what what I I mean make another sandwich
we could do that can we watch no no no
no no no no don't take that off you you
you'll go blind and grow hair in your
palms if you watch a baby being made
that that's what my parents told me okay
I guess we we just sit here for an
hour you going to eat that sandwich no
well you mind if I eat it I can take the
hair off for you no no no I like
that what it's done already yep power
video editing Junior it's a hell of a
thing so there's a baby in there yeah
wait so that was lame what do you mean
there was no like special effects it
just dinged there was no like lightning
bolts or anything Junior do you think we
have time for all that this video has to
be up by tomorrow I just think it would
have been cool if there was a lightning
bolt okay fine little lightning bolt bam
there you go that took 10 minutes 10
minutes that yep 10 minutes just for
that little thing I guess that was cool
all right I'm going to open this up but
cover your eyes it's going to be bright
AF oh my God he's gorgeous what the heck
dude I'm out of here he's ugly Joseph
it's the miracle of childb birth hey
little guy I'm Your
Daddy what are you going to name him
Cody I'm going to name him Chaz can you
say that little
guy his first words a Cody I want a baby
well Junior you know how to use the
machine hand me that
sandwich it's okay chz just a machine
okay so I just open the door yeah and
cover your eyes it'll be bright
okay Mama Mia oh my God he's
gorgeous no no no no it's okay Chaz it's
just your half brother so what are you
going to name him Junior I'm going to
name him junior junr junior junor that's
a stupid name it's better than Chaz no
Chaz is a great name yeah you tell him
Chad do you think we should tell sheipi
about his kids yeah they should probably
meet their biological father all right
I'm going to go get Chef peee I'll see
you in a minute junior
junior what do you want junior I'm very
busy say hello to your children Chef
peee
puppy what the is going on who Chef peee
language we don't want our kids growing
up with potty mouths yeah don't cuss in
front of them Chef peee what the is
going on what these are your kids chef
peee this is Junior junor puppy and this
is Chad these are not my kids DOI you I
don't have children what the hell is
going on here they are your kids CHP I
took your hair and I put it in the baby
machine and it had baby junior it's a b
baby machine oh yeah I forgot it's a
baby machine baby machine baby baby
junior pay attention I did not consent
to this what the hell's going on here
these are not my children they are your
kids do you want a DNA test yes I want a
DNA test I want a DNA test right there
now all right Chef peee we got the test
results back and you are the father I
told you I told you
[Music]
were all right all right all right I
mean look there's no denying it they
have your head yeah they have your head
they have your eyes they have your
mustache they have your nose they have
youram mother all right all right enough
arguing look there's no denying it these
are your kids no I didn't make these
kids I had nothing to do with this yes
see I was wondering about that cuz like
you had kids with miners so that's got
to be illegal right no no they were made
in this machine this stupid uh toaster
oven the baby machine baby machine bab
you know what I'mma act like these
stupid breasts don't exist they don't
exist in my world well sh baby you can't
be a dead beat father they need a father
figure pee PE Let's just give shfp some
time it's got to be hard to swallow that
he has two kids he doesn't know about
well if he had swallowed he wouldn't
have kids in the first place yeah so
look let's just give shpi some time look
Ken's a good step stepfather right yeah
but I mean the stepfather's never the
same but he is your father Chaz look
let's just give Chef peipi a few minutes
to calm down
okay hey Chef peipi what do you want
junior I'm trying to cook are you going
to Junior Junior's piano recital tonight
no I told you I can't I have to work
tonight you know you haven't been the
one recital look I PID for the recital
how about you just buy the DVDs and we
watch it as a family later you know the
DVDs aren't the same he knows you're not
there he won't know po crap he always
say where's my father where's my father
he knows you're missing look I didn't
want the briad in the first place then
you should have it before you tapped it
I didn't tap anything peee what do you
want Cody Chaz is going on a field trip
and he needs $10 for a sack lunch a sack
lunch why can't he just take a lunch
from home oh Frosted Flakes and Doritos
didn't have that last week you know if
you talk to him more often you know he
doesn't even like that God look here's a
$20 bill just bring me the change back
okay fine I guess that's $10 for the
sack lunch and $10 for the back child
support child support God I hate my life
shut baby what boss I noticed that
you've been sad lately and you've been
making a lot of Frosted Flakes and
Doritos you know I don't like that so
tell me what's going on what's wrong in
Chef pee's World well I have to pay
child support for two kids that I didn't
even know I had or made well that sucks
I hate it when that happens well who's
the mother well your son's one of them
and your son's friend ew that's gay well
aren't you mad that I had a kid with
your kid no I'm not even mad you know
what I'm a Granddad Now where's the
Little Rascal at well I think he's
upstairs with Junior okay I'm got to see
him all right kids it's time to learn
your vowels a e i o u and sometimes why
junior that's a q no that's a y no in
the vowels there's a q that's an O not
in the word vowels hey Junior what are
you doing oh hey Dad I'm just teaching
my kid vowels wait you haven't met your
grandson yet have you no I have not this
is your grandson Junior junor
Grandpa wow he is ugly what don't say
that about your grandson my bad I didn't
know he was that ugly but damn wa looks
just like his dad who looks like Chef
peee who doesn't pay child support Chef
peeee doesn't Chef peeee doesn't it's
really hard being a single mother yeah I
wouldn't know anything about that but
you have fun doing that all right let's
learn our vowels again a e i q u y a e i
q u y Junior you confused them well if
shfp was here to help take care of his
kids they wouldn't be confused let's go
have a talk with shef peip and say he
needs to be around more yeah all right
Cody are you sure you want to have this
conversation I think so all right Chef
peep can you please come in here what do
you want junior well me and Cody were
talking and we think we should have a
serious talk with you yeah and I brought
Ken along I hope you don't mind but I
think he should be here for this I don't
care what do you want well me and Cody
think oh oh Junior be strong be strong
it's just so hard I know I know we can
do this um me and Cody think uh you're a
bad father Yes exactly I wasn't trying
to be a good father well see that's the
problem you're not trying yeah we want
you to try shefy just try to care about
your kids just try a little bit I don't
care about those stupid kids look where
are they
anyway what Chaz what junior junior you
get off that balcony right now Chaz get
down get down from there that's okay
they're playing yeah they're just
playing wow you guys are good parents
huh yeah we're good parents we always
make sure they're okay and they're taken
care of unlike you wait what was that we
stop trying to change the subject shpy
we always make sure that the kids are
safe and nothing ever goes wrong with
them so you don't even care if they're
okay you don't even care if they're hurt
or if they're crying or anything wait I
swear I heard a thud stop trying to
change the subject sh be they are
completely fine but without you in their
life they're going to be sad they're
going to end up being like criminals
when they grow up I don't care yeah do
you even know what happened to Chaz
today at school what happened to Chaz
today at school he got beat up on the
playground by PJ kinshaw PJ kinshaw yeah
PJ kinshaw P James kinshaw Jamie James
kinshaw that's him oh my God what the
what what well who is PJ CAW PJ kinshaw
is the coolest kid on the planet yeah
everyone knows that yeah you would know
that if you talk to your kid kid sh pee
nobody cares about a PJ karw the whole
school does and the whole world does cuz
he's the coolest kid ever if you get
beat up by PJ crar You're Nobody for the
rest of your life yeah who is PJ chrisa
it's not working Cody no he's not
getting it you're just a bad father
Chevy try to be a good father come on
Ken I'll show you a good father hello
good evening my name is Mr Goodman and
I'm here with child protective services
and I'm here to take the kids thank God
they upstairs come here junior junior
eat your plastic Pizza eat your plastic
Pizza eat the plastic banana chz you
need the potassium Junior guess who's
here oh no who's that it's Child
Services child
services Cody child services oh oh no
what are they doing here I'm here to
take the children what to take our
children why because your kids trying to
feed your children plastic food well if
we got real child support we'd be able
to feed them real food so blame shf
peipe don't blame me I have nothing to
do with this hold on wait a minute
what your head on their body can someone
tell me what the hell's going on here
well Chef B had kids with us he doesn't
want to take care of them no I didn't
have kids hold on hold on hold on you
had kids with kids oh I'm calling the
cops it was with that baby machine that
baby machine baby baby machine y'all
made kids with a baby machine oh I'm
definitely taking the kids now no no
please I'll take our kids okay fine you
get 60 seconds to say your goodbyes and
then I'm taking them oh no no I don't
want to lose you junior junior puppy I
never got you that puppy I love you so
much I love you puppy I love you oh
chz yeah I don't want you to go either
buddy listen chz you're going to grow up
to be the biggest gayest hunkiest dude
ever I just know it oh sh do you want to
say goodbye them kids oh junior junior
all right time's up I'll take the kids
now no no come on I love you junior
junior call call me on Christmas
come Cody I missed them already I know
losing a kid is the hardest thing oh I
miss them so much yeah well can't we
just make more babies with the baby
machine no they just take those babies
away too I guess you're right so what
are you going to do with the machine now
I have a few
ideas baby machine hey there I'm Cody
founder and CEO of B baby machine have
you ever wanted to have a baby but
didn't feel like getting pregnant for 9
months and also maybe you're a child but
now you can with Bubba baby machine
how's it work you might ask well all you
have to do is put the DNA of two people
up here set it at 350Â° for an hour and
you've got yourself a b baby now I know
you might be thinking Cody a b baby
machine that's going to cost me like a
million dollars right well nope for only
18 payments of 1995 you too can have a
baby machine baby machine we're making
babies to dudes to girls to whatever
baby machine all the babies in the
machine baby baby baby baby