Jeffy are you ready to go
trick-or-treating Jeffy what's your
costume supposed to be I think I'm the
stuff that comes out of your Wier when
you play with it too much Jeffy stop it
you're a ghost
boo Oh I thought you were a marshmallow
no I'm definitely jizz Jeffy stop it
you're a ghost stop saying that well I'm
the Tooth Fairy I knew it no she's not
the real tooth fairy she's dressed like
the Tooth Fairy no she's the tooth fairy
and you're the Easter Bunny and chant
polish no I'm Reese's racist no I'm I'm
Rees is like the candy and if you eat
too much of me you lose your teeth and
then she comes and gets you I'm the CW
word that you said Jeffy knock it off
stop saying that just tell people you're
like a happy little tooth okay but I'm
not I'm definitely splooge if you say
that again we're not going
trick-or-treating okay I'll stop all
right let's go trick-or-treating
guys so guys you ready to go
trick-or-treating yeah yeah dude wait
Cody what are you and Ken supposed to be
well obviously I'm a pencil and Ken is
paper because I put my graphite all over
him like I rub my tip on him because it
looks like a dong we thought that'd be
cute I'm a cow nice cow costume Penelope
thanks okay I guess me and Ken will just
go [ __ ] ourselves Joseph what are you
supposed to be see the costume said a
happy feast so I was expecting T toes on
that [ __ ] but nope guess what I
am a penguin well you haven't seen the
movie Happy Feet Joseph no is it about
feet well it's about penguins see that's
what I'm talking about the false
advertisement Happy Feet I'm expecting
Mar go Robbie's feet to be on that [ __ ]
yeah I guess that would make a lot more
sense I mean I don't know why they call
the movie Happy Feet like penguins don't
even have feet they have flippers right
right call it happy flippers yeah so
guys what do you think I'm supposed to
be are you Donald Trump I am Donald
Trump how'd you know from the hair and
the ear yeah build the wall yeah that's
his logo yeah Camala Harris is for they
them Trump is for the working class
Junior are you just repeating stuff you
heard in the commercials apparently yeah
I mean he approved that message so
that's true yeah he did say I approve
this message wait a minute Penelope you
didn't tell me you were dressing up as
Cody's mom for Halloween yep there it is
I thought you forgot for a second you
would think I would forget your mom's a
big fat ugly cow W roast ass and that's
something Donald Trump would say yeah he
very well might do he doesn't like women
I think no something something about
grabbing [ __ ] look guys let's go
trick-or-treating yay all right Jeffy
knock on the door and say trick-or
treat Haya say it Jeffy sorry he's shy
Jeffy say it trick or treat smell my
dick give me something sweet to Liff wow
that's a new one I've never heard that
one before he meant tricker r Treat are
you supposed to be the Katey kid no no
I'm actually Tom Brady's ex-wife's
jiu-jitsu instructor they got her
pregnant and I'm Jazelle I'm Tom Brady's
exwife I left him after he won seven
super bowls and I hooked up with my
jiujitsu instructor who I paid to cream
pie me yep it's true Marvin you know
what's crazy she's worth $400 million
and he's just some random nobody and he
gets to cream pie isn't that crazy
Marvin she paid for dick and you know
what else is crazy that kid's going to
grow up with Tom Brady's kids and he's
going to be like wow my dad that's Tom
Brady no [ __ ] and Marvin get this
that means when they hired the jiu-jitsu
instructor Tom Brady had to shake that
guy's hand and be like oh okay you're
going to teach my wife how to be a ninja
huh I'm going to go out there and win
Super Bowls and meanwhile that jiu-jitsu
instructor just creaming morbin just
creaming the luckiest man in the world
that's crazy yeah that that is that is
absolutely crazy what's Jeffy supposed
to be a blown load oh yeah that's what I
did in Tom Brady's ex-wife okay well do
you have any candy for Jeffy oh yeah
yeah let me go grab that hey who likes
Skittles huh me all right just give you
some of those random blue Skittles for
you but not too many cuz I like Skittles
too so Jeffy what do you say bab b b
babo okay happy Halloween to you too or
as the jiu-jitsu instructor would say
happy hallo cream pie in a rich woman
all right guys it's the first house of
the night which means we're going to get
the most candy here cuz Halloween just
started oh yeah dude let's Stack Up on
the candy yeah all
right hello TR treat hey car there's a
bunch of devil worshippers at our front
door I'm coming honey I'm coming and I
brought the Bible what do you devil
worshippers want devil worshippers we
just want a trick or treat yeah we just
want candy yeah do you kids not know
that Halloween is actually Satan's
birthday and every year he celebrates it
by handing out candy so he can eat your
genitals he sure does I don't think
that's right all right Mr Smarty Pants
we'll turn your Bible to pagee Peter
Peter pumpkin eater 5:8 it says be alert
be on watch your enemy The Devil roams
around like a roaring lion looking for
someone to devour he's talking about
your dick he wants to eat it uh I don't
know if I want candy anymore dude that's
right you don't want candy candy leads
to worst things like drugs that's right
you can go from Candy mouth to Meth
mouth it's meth up it is honey and don't
even get me started on the Three
Musketeers don't you dare eat it Ain't
Nothing straight about three men making
a candy bar it's more like the
Musketeers well I'm gay oh you are huh
you must have eaten one of those three
musketeers so get the [ __ ] out of my
face before I call the cops you can't
eat and gays be gone
satans um what was that about Cody I
don't know they're just [ __ ] weird is
is Halloween really Satan's birthday no
let's go to a different house can you
fix my hair it's falling off yeah sure
okay guys this house looks huge we're
going to get huge amounts of candy
they're going to hand out the most candy
anyone's ever seen before the hazian are
not going to eat this candy cuz it's not
cats or dogs
that's a really crappy devil costume the
crappiest devil costume I've ever seen
oh yeah check this
out yes that's right I'm the devil
dressed as the devil why would you dress
as yourself because it's my
birthday anybody going to say happy
birthday to the devil happy birthday
devil thank you trick or treat can we
have candy oh well I only give candy to
bad kids who say cuss words well [ __ ] oh
there you go you've earned a bar of soap
young man wash your mouth out wait wait
wait that's not candy I can't eat a bar
of soap oh sure you can you can eat
anything Tide Pods thumb tacks who gives
a [ __ ] we want real Candy well I don't
have any how
evil this is the worst deal of all deals
the worstest deal I've ever seen you're
really committed to that character dude
let's just try another Health all right
Jeffy it's your second house so maybe
you can get some more
candy you got a n Niger in me you got a
niggaer in me to infinity and beyond mhm
oh you're Woody and Buzz yeah I what my
old lady gives me God damn it I'm what
my toy does yeah hold my hat baby Jesus
yeah yeah yeah so um Jeffy say the thing
say what trick or treat which one say
they trick or treat I know but which one
trick or treat say it screw it trick
okay so I'm assuming this is first time
trick- or treat him yeah can you just
please give us some candy so we can
leave yeah I can get you some candy uh
but what is he ejaculate oh my old lady
know all about that yeah she she has all
types of thingss that she got no no no
no he's not that he's a ghost oh a ghost
oh that's cool too oh KKK wait what the
hell did you just say I know that KKK
ain't trying to get no damn candid at
this black household no no no no that's
not what he was saying he's a ghost no
my daddy taught me because he's a racist
oh we got racist at our household Jud do
you see this no no I'm a racist n you're
a racist I know he is a racist he trying
to stand down on his belief o I know it
oh I to beat your ass right now I'm
going beat to
Andy oh wow guys look a haunted house we
should totally go in it I bet it's huge
and scary and huge if we go in there and
there's videos of me losing the election
that'd be so scary cuz that's not going
to happen cuz I'm going to win Camala
can't win it I'm going to win it cuz
it's going to be such a huge win [ __ ]
stop I was just trying to be Donald
Trump I know dude what is Happy Feet
saying nothing because there's no
character in the movie named Happy Feet
what who's Happy Feet then it's just
called that because the Penguins dance
what so so there's no character named
Happy Feet no bro I am tired of this
penguin propaganda this [ __ ] didn't
they make a sequel to it yeah but the
director said he'd rather die than make
a third one do that at all he really
said he'd rather die yeah he didn't want
to make it he probably thought Margot
Robie should have been in the movie I
don't think so I think that was before
she was famous I they should make a
happy foot three and it's just margar
Robbie's feet the whole time thank you
somebody agrees with me so let's go
inside the Haunted House come on
Penelope no Junior I'm scared I don't
want to go be a good cow be a good
Cody's mom and come inside
yeah move that ass Junior please don't
make me go through here I don't like
haunted houses there's nothing scary
you're wrong I've been through this a
million times nothing can scare me I'm
Donald Trump look at this look there's a
meteor right Junior I think that's
supposed to be guts and stuff it's not
guts it's a meteor from Mars I was there
rung rung rung rung listen penel there's
literally nothing scary about this
haunted house there's nothing scary at
all
out wow Junior you were right that
wasn't even scary yeah that [ __ ] was
weak yeah it was for little kids dude
yes that thing was very lame it was very
Camala Harris in there it was very
Democrats in there well we should go
again oh yeah we should go again and
make fun of it the whole time oh yeah
definitely do no no I don't I don't I
don't want to go back in there why
junior were you actually scared no no I
was sleepy Joe in there I was falling
asleep I was I was I was fake ballots in
there we we heard you screaming well I
was screaming to try to make Penelope
scared that's what I was screaming about
all right well let's go again yeah wrong
I don't want to go in there I I got to
focus on the election guys I think he's
actually
scared run
[Applause]
okay fine I'm scared I'm going home what
a
baby Marvin why are we at a gas station
because I'm going to buy Jeffy his candy
so we don't have to trick or treat
anymore a Marvin that's so fun you want
to know it's also not fun getting beat
up and being called racist for wearing a
Reese's costume well Marvin you chose
your costume not no damn well I don't
hear no racist in this damn gas station
it's tril he's right there oh I guess he
did not have enough I'm going beat his
ass again oh my god there camera y yeah
I don't give a dam by No
cameras take that yeah you got a friend
help
[Music]