my four cheese's smell so good I need to
find a number for the exterminator hey
chef PB what you doing on your phone
getting rejected by girls on tinder
again no I believe so how can I get
rejected if I don't have an account or
then what are you doing I'm trying to
call an exterminator what's wrong with
your eggs what you said you're calling
the exterminator don't think it rid of
eggs no they get rid of annoying pests
like you get rid of me I should but no
there's a big fat old disgusting rat in
the kitchen why would you call yourself
that chef peepee I wouldn't call myself
that there's an actual rat and the kids
are trying to eat ology there's a
rewrite I want to see it well let me
call the exterminator first should be
all will be get rid of it our see a rat
wait wait you will yeah I would help you
get whatever that'd be so much fun
I guess it would save money are you
hungry yeah do you like cheese yeah do
you want this cheese yeah do you want
this piece right there
yeah alright can have that piece right
there I would rather you try the
daughter then you're cooking Wow you
know you can I keep as a pet you can't
keep that as a pet well if you're alive
inside the house why does he what is
this will chef be because I'm getting
real tired of it I just really want to
keep mother Patty's cute
so your blow his mind this is how we're
[Laughter]
here is it gonna hurt okay no I don't
believe that at all Ripley's a lawyer I
can't believe they make duck diapers
it's probably courage but quack you know
you push me to the mousetraps no it was
an accident
oh it was on purpose where's that rest
oh I put him outside you did you promise
yeah yeah I put him outside because I
didn't want you hurting I'm sterile I
wanted him to go outside peacefully well
as long as he's not in the kitchen
oh he's not in the kitchen he's in my
room that doesn't count all right Junior
that rat better be outside like you said
I thought I saw the boogeyman I called
it so I closed the door before you go to
sleep good closet scare me no one cause
they scare me too so keep the closets
closed okay I will oh man that was so
close I just don't want me to hurt my
rat I'm gonna go play with him oh no
this gate hold man neither that rats
gone I can finally get back to making my
four-cheese cheeses looks like he needs
more cheesy I was just eating a plate of
cheese really hungry don't eat any more
of my cheese sorry
look you have to stay in the closet
Chevy we can't find out about you well I
mean you stay here and I'll bring the
cheese to you well yeah I'll bring the
cheese you look every time you want some
cheese just ring this Bell alright got
more cheese for my four-cheese cheese's
yeah that's gonna be very cheesy Oh Baby
this is everything okay yeah
everything's okay
what what's wrong with you wait is that
rat in the house no not now he's outside
it and he uh I just want to tell you how
great of a chef you are and that I
really love your cooking wait really
liked my cooking Junior I really do
what's my favorite food then your
favorite food is to cook what's your
favorite food to eat I like when you
make like we make peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches oh really
I don't remember making peanut butter
and jelly sandwich you make them all the
time well actually you should start
making them they'd be really good you
keep looking at me though cuz you're so
beautiful like wait you think no use
moisturizer and stuff
must address my mustache even though I
had that sometimes I had strawberry
juice you know it makes a girl out
what oh yeah well I really love that and
I really think that and I just want you
to know that I care about you so much
chef peepee in what you do and you
should go to my closet so weird
Oh way too close
did you have enough cheese somebody ate
all of my cheese that was me I was
really hungry I'm sorry I don't believe
it was you I believe that rat is still
in the house well I believe you don't
know what you're talking about you know
what I'm going to catch that rat and I'm
going to kitchen with this cheese stick
my stomach no it wasn't I thinking that
rat is in your closet that the rat is
not in my closet hmm how about you open
up the closet Junior well I bet you
$5.00 there's no rat in that closet okay
you really want five dollars that bad
spin up the closet Junior please don't
make me get rid of my love hero I'm
getting rid of him I'm calling the
execution oh uh hello
hey did you uh call the executioner yes
do you kill rats oh yeah we kill rats
snitches nartz anything that could tap
tell Willy no no I just need a rat
killed you know like a rat in the animal
oh okay okay so all right the animal oh
oh now we don't kill rest well you don't
kill a rat
no see I'm a hit man I only go after the
ones there Oh people money so do you
want to put a hit on rent uh uh uh yeah
yeah I could put a hit on the rat
look he's upstairs he's a big rat I just
need you to take him out please okay all
right just show it to me all right
the rat is in this room in the closet so
take him out he's so annoying all right
I could do that oh can I make a mess
well sure do whatever you need just take
them out already
all right say listen Oh mr. rat mr. red
where are you no that's the executioner
hi one more one wait did you just come
out the closet
uh I mean does it look like it I mean
Cody wants me to but I don't swing that
way no come on closet yeah I did so
you're the red what no I'm a turtle no
no see I know you're the rat and that
was hired to get rid of you what you're
hired to get rid of me
oh yeah by who oh by a chef chef baby
how did you rid of me yeah he hired me
to get rid of you so uh what's your last
words
I can't believe sheppy behind that guy
to get rid of me and you scared him on
you saved my life I wish every bee cared
about me but let's get you out of here
there I get both of us I guess we have
to go live on the street since nobody
cares about us right
yeah well the house chef peepee leave it
alone we're gonna go live on the street
says nobody loves us you're not going to
live on the street you're going to come
back in the house right now no I'm gonna
live on the streets the street is the
only thing that wants me I belong to the
streets now no you don't get announced
now Jim here you hired a hit man to get
rid of me no I did it I hired the hit
man to get rid of the rats and you told
him I was the wreck no look you're
annoying like the rat but look I hired
the hit man for the rest it's just a
misunderstanding jr. well you know what
I'm just gonna go ahead and leave said
you don't we in the house I'm gonna do
your favor and leave on my own jeez
you're gonna make me mad he's in the
house right now will you make me mad
might not care about me and treat me bad
all the time I don't treat you bad treat
me back in that house baby i'ma go live
on the streets okay
you better not live on the street get in
the house now engineer wait you don't
want me to live on the street no because
yeah did you care about me
what I want to say all that so okay well
I'm not coming inside until you tell me
you care about me what joy you get
inside please say you love me no way I'm
not gonna say that say I'm gorgeous
do you gorgeous okay okay I'm getting a
little bit closer do you care about me I
wouldn't say all that junior they say
you care about me I care about you jr.
okay now say you love me I love you and
now say it your play towards me every
day I wanna play toys today it play toys
every day and fortnight I guess
fortnight and I want you to rub my back
at night now I don't know why I wouldn't
do that to you but you'll do all that
stuff for me just come inside that's
what she said
all right so I'm gonna say bye to my rat
okay yeah you better say bye to you look
I guess this is goodbye
yeah yeah so you can have this block of
cheese all right chef peepee I'll come
inside you're so annoying
huh you said it I can't let you beg me
to come back inside the house like a
little girl I beg you Junior yeah you're
you were like Oh
Junior please go to the house I'm
nothing without you shut up you're such
a simple know your self turn rub my back
I'm not rubbing your back Junior
although I guess I'm gonna live outside
it Oh get back here oh god I rub your
back yeah love it mm-hmm
a little lower so a little lower to the
front
[Music]