Jeffie what do you do with that
instrument well Danny every time you
hear this sound that means I guess me my
plans well I sure hope I never hear that
sound again
Jackie there's no way you just oh my god
there's no way they're back the best
let me through that's at the door hello
Amy Mario it's me your best buddy I was
just wondering if you want to go fishing
with me you know just me and you couple
of dudes out on the open ocean maybe
crack open a few cold ones you know what
you know I really don't feel like going
fishing right now really okay well you
know I don't really feel like being a
doctor or a cop but I still do it and I
still come will you call me don't I yes
yes I do
so maybe you could do something for me
for once okay fine I'll go fishing yeah
all right look go I have to see I don't
have anyone to watch Jeffy what okay
we'll just leave him here he's a big boy
you can take your himself I can't leave
him home alone I'd have to bring him
with me dumb don't you know I had that
sort of washing so I'd have to bring him
with me Oh fine I guess he can come too
hold on let me ask even if he even wants
to go oh great all right Jackie Brooklyn
guy once how'd that triangle get stuck
around your neck I don't know anyway
Jeffy Brooklyn guy wants us to go
fishing with him no no no I don't want
us to go fishing I wanted me and you to
go fishing you wanted us to go fishing
anyway so do you want to go fishing with
us or not yeah great yeah just go ahead
and ruin my day look if you're gonna be
in a bad mood that I just won't go okay
fine I will try to have fun maybe I'll
get myself a better fishing pole or
something yeah anyway Jeffy let's get
this triangle off your neck and then
let's all go fishing come on oh that
okay this is the best fishing spot in
the whole ocean every time I come here I
catch at least 50 fish I just can't stop
him from jumping in my boat 50 fish
that's a lot of fish yeah don't worry
you're gonna catch a lot of fish
but there is one rule though what is it
well you can't catch any sharks catching
sharks you see my shirt Shark Week
yeah it's Shark Week that means all the
sharks in the world are coming right
here cuz they want to be on TV so you
can't catch any sharks if you do catch a
shark you have to throw it back because
you can't take it home it's illegal well
I don't think we're gonna catch any
sharks well judging by the title of this
video I think it's a pretty safe bet
well I think we should start fishing
because I don't think I'm catching you
sharks okay yeah let's get started let's
go fishing
alright let's go fishing hey check out
my fishing pole in red looks like a
lightsaber but it's not it's a fishing
pole well that that's so cool you're
like five years old yeah alright I'm
gonna do the thing yeah I guess the fish
just done night in the day you know add
all the fish in the sea I married a
whale didn't I guess you're a shark
scream a shark scream yeah I think I
just heard a shark scream I don't even
think sharks can scream they can Jeffy
just cut a shark a shark if you get a
throw that short back well because it's
illegal to catch sharks Jeffy throw that
shark back right now I think Jeffy yes
you do don't let shirt back in the water
right now fine Danny um throw them off
the boat that way we just do it just
hurry up and do it boy come on make your
shark alright mr. Sharkey I'm gonna take
you home just stay right here and don't
make any sense
okay don't make any sound stick right
here okay
I can't believe Jeffy caught a shark
it's crazy
hey daddy I'm doing a shark back good
you know can we go okay someone took it
my pants Jeffy you did yeah you know
what we can go home because fishing is
boring yeah you're right
fishing sucks let's get out of here
god fishing sucked what what Jeffy why
are you bringing this cooler everywhere
you go cooler daddy
makes me cool yeah but it's what
was that noise what dirty daddy mom
needs back well okay they go take a bath
I know I'm gonna tomorrow so okay why
are you taking the cooler with you to
the bath pay pay whatever I had a fun
time fishing with you today
you didn't you just said it sucked oh
well I promise we'll hang out later no
we won't
I heard a scream though oh yeah it's me
yeah I saw how money was in my pants and
I was like okay well I just want to make
sure there's nothing wrong here okay I'm
fine see yeah sure if you're gonna get
me in trouble you're hungry I'll be
right back stay right here alright
there's your turkey your all night
Jesus Christ all right mr. Sharkey she
didn't really eat your gummy worms I got
you a heavy to eat open wide
I know Cheerios Oh change
Oh mr. Sharkey I got you some macaroni
and change here in yet you knock your
macaroni and cheese whoa mr. Sharkey you
really like your macaroni and cheese I
love you so much
Sharkey take a picture were you talking
to all my friends James who's that uh
hello hey there
you wouldn't be happening to keep a
shark and a bathtub full of Cheerios
Willie its macaroni and cheese would you
know what are you talking about why
would I have that well because social
media says otherwise
my son Jeffy what will the shark eat mac
and cheese yep in a bathtub full of
Cheerios are you sure the photo shopped
which part would be photoshopped the
bathtub full of Cheerios with a smiling
shark with cheese on his face this seems
so unbelievable you know yeah well I'm
gonna come in and have a look okay Jeffy
why are the cops at the door saying that
you're feeding a short mac and cheese or
no well what I'm seeing is a shark
eating macaroni and cheese yeah okay you
just said yeah he just confirmed that he
is a shark eating macaroni and cheese
Jeffy did you take that shark on the
boat no he chased me home okay let me
tell you what I think happened I think
he took the shark he put it in the
cooler and then he brought it home and
put it in the bathtub so he could keep
it as a pet yeah okay yeah he just got
my answer Jimmy you cannot give a
struggle it's illegal
so much macaroni cheese well so do I but
I don't live in your bathtub you can't
survive in there this Cheerios and gummy
worms so die I'm surprised he's not
already dead yeah you could not keep it
short as a pet we have to get back on
the boat never turn them back the ocean
okay oh okay
get the boat alright I'll go get my
shark wheat shirt
alright Jeffy now I actually thought
that this time mr. Sharkey went
backwards mommy no that wasn't his mommy
I saw it he got eaten by a bigger shark
he's dead hey guys I hope your enjoyed
watching this video if you did please
hit that like button and subscribe to
this channel super Bowser Logan we're
gonna be uploading new SML movies every
week to this channel YouTube's not
really letting us upload a super Luigi
Logan anymore but still subscribe to
that channel because we're gonna keep
trying to upload but until then
subscribe to super Bowser Logan that's
gonna be our new home we're gonna be
uploading new videos every week behind
the scenes a bunch of cool stuff so if
you're a big fan of us keep supporting
us by subscribing to this channel and
also tell all your friends all us ml
fans hey we need to subscribe to Super
Bowser looking because that's our new
home also I want to give a huge shot
onto the shark puppet he's a really cool
guy he collaborated with us in this
video he's really awesome so go check
out his Instagram and subscribe to his
YouTube channel he's really cool so guys
I want to thank you guys so much for
supporting us no matter what happens no
matter what YouTube does though as you
keep following us to any channel we move
to so he love you guys so much thank you
guys for being amazing fans and remember
subscribe to super Bowser logan we love
you guys so much you're awesome