hey daddy I got the funniest knock-knock
joke ever but you guys started ok Jeffy
knock knock who's there I don't know
what to say I don't know what to say who
know jumping you told me to talk the
joke that's not funny daddy I don't get
it Oh Jeffy I want to try ok knock knock
who's there interrupting cow in review
interrupting cow who Jeffy that's the
joke I interrupted you as a cow Eric in
cow who sheppy I said Moo I interrupted
you as the cow say Moo
but interrupting cow who oh that's what
the knock-knock jokes how about we just
watch a movie as a family oh but Marc
what jaffe erupting cow whoo Oh enough
with that let's just watch a movie ok
Mario I have a doctor's appointment I
have to get to well I'm not gonna deal
with Jeff you asking that question all
day because you wouldn't tell me what
the joke meant so how about we just pick
out a movie all right
my erupting cow Moos ok a clown movie ok
we can watch that one no Jeffy you can't
watch that it's rated R I've been
calling the R word Alda tongue what's
your problem what no no Jeffy it means
the movies not for kids but but baby
it's just a movie let him watch it no
Mario it's really scary you're gonna get
scared Jeffy and have nightmares I'm not
scared of nothing
come on baby let's watch the movie no
Mario he cannot watch that movie stop
all right all right
promise we won't watch the movie good
Mario I'm gonna go to my doctor's
appointment ok all right bye
all right Jeff your mom's gone so
interrupting cow who that question I'll
let you watch the silly clown movie yes
let's watch the movie ok but don't tell
your mom that you watched it and also do
not get scared ok I'm not scary nothing
yeah yes watch it thank you
are you ready to light your candle sure
[Music]
all right you're not gonna see me happy
birthday okay thank you yeah open your
present
that's a big present oh yeah okay Wow
I wonder what it is
we'll get those scary hey don't you
scary clown oh you want me to turn the
movie off no daddy honey just never look
in the bag again he kind of thought
scary it's just a movie calm down the
movie are you
[Applause]
sheppy we try to tell you not to watch
the movie but you really want to watch
it you cannot let Rosalina know you
watch that movie you cannot act scared
well do not let Rosalie know you watch
that movie
[Music]
okay baby word here mario gently I'm
back from my doctor's appointment if he
why are you scared he's scared because
he thought you ran away and we're never
gonna come back oh that's sweet Jeffy
yeah we're really sweet yeah it's great
anyway how was your doctor's appointment
all cleared up Mario great I'm so glad
that's all cleared up everything's
everything's great now so what movie did
you end up watching scary clown movie oh
we end up watching the Scarecrow and the
dog that was name of the movie
oh that sounds cute what was it about it
was about a scarecrow and the dog then
they scared crows together on a farm
that's so so cute we should watch that
later Mario yeah I'll watch it again
with you so guess what chappie I got you
a surprise
scary clown jump out I don't know why I
don't know what he's talking about Jeffy
shut up Mario you didn't watch that
movie did you know we watched the
Scarecrow in the dog he's just scared
because in the movie the Scarecrow
popped out of a bag of animal crackers
and the dog hard to save him yeah yeah
how about we just go eat dinner together
as a big family downstairs and then and
we don't need any more bags mmm
SpaghettiOs and meatballs and green
beans oh I just wanted that you guys
know something
I'm not eating these green beans but I'm
sure you are in you yeah I guess they
just must be here for decoration okay oh
man I can't wait to dig in eat this shut
up and eat with your hands like we told
you
Mario what is he talking about you never
let him watch that scary movie did you
no baby no I told you it watch the
Scarecrow in the cab but I said yeah I
thought it was a dog you know how about
we eat dessert you know this was good
food but I think it's time for dessert
yeah okay Mario I did get a special
dessert for Jackie well go grab a few
and make sure there's no Forks okay all
right Jackie the surprise I got you is a
chocolate cake oh well there's Jessie
don't freak out look look when using
spoons it's not for accusing happy
little spoons be Nobu
yeah and the clown use the fork not a
spoon
he said Wow
mommy has a lot of cake in that booty
then why is he crying yeah shut up
Mario what is going on look look Jeffy
it was just afraid of the cake because
he has cavities in both his teeth so if
he eats the cake is teeth on her so he's
afraid of his teeth hurting so he didn't
eat the cake calling a dentist's
appointment make him feel better
mommy now you know what you did so now
you have to suffer the consequences
you're right one two three okay that's a
lot of options what ask the question
again Mario did you watch the scary
clown movie with Jeffy no I did not baby
baby baby no I did not watch that scary
clown movie with Jeffy
Mario then what is Jeffy doing here the
song stuck in his head like yo yo what
do you promise me that you did not watch
that movie with him I promise I did not
watch that movie with him it doesn't
movie called that Mario what movie with
him look we watch the Scarecrow in the
cat dog get dog that dog's head baby
look Jeffy needs to take a bath tonight
right I think that's what it is okay I
have one more surprise for him though
maybe he'll feel better after that okay
alright so the school called today and
told us that Jeffy passport no way no
chance there's no way he passed fourth
grade
Jimmy are you okay mommy I'm tired of
this me and Danny wants a scary clown
movie and now I'm terrified I know you
watched that movie the baby doesn't know
what he's talking about we watch the
Scarecrow movie Mario tell me right now
did you or did you not watch that movie
well we were already caught Julia weird
what's the whole movie like half of it
Mario oh they look like jumpy really
wanted to watch it I didn't see any harm
to watch it he said he wasn't gonna get
scared he said he was scared of nothing
so he turned it on he got scared and I
tell you Mario I can't believe you lied
to me so what about the dog and the cat
and the Scarecrow movie I made that up
baby I promise I'll never lie to you
ever again okay I'm sorry
um I'm not question interrupting cow who
[Music]