so guys what do you want to do today I
don't know whatever you guys want to do
what Juni who is that that's Tyler who
is Tyler he lives in my neighborhood
where's Joseph he had a baby what he's
just a kid wa what he'll be back soon so
I thought we needed a third friend so I
invited Tyler over okay hey nerd um me
nice glasses oh well thank you they're
actually
not I don't like Tyler well look you
just have to deal with them for one day
so I thought guys that we could go
outside and play catch with this ball
okay but why is it so deflated who
played with it Tom Brady shut up nerd
okay let's go outside and play catch
come on all right guys you ready to play
catch yeah heck yeah dude wait Junior
why do you have a wood chipper in your
front yard in case someone wants to chip
wood how much wood could a wood chipper
chip if a wood chipper could chip wood
just shut up and throw the ball Cody
okay well who am I throwing it to first
to me I'm moving I'm moving Okay Tyler I
got it I got
it Jesus Christ Junior you just got
killed by a wood shipper why would you
throw the wood chipper I didn't mean to
Junior I'm not Tom Brady I can't throw
no good let's check on him uh
Tyler Tyler are you in there Junior he's
not in there we saw him go in there
where could he be the other
side Tyler Tyler are you in there all
right Cody he didn't come out the other
side he might still be alive in there uh
no is that him yeah what's left of him
he's dead
yeah yeah Junior what are we going to do
Tyler's dead we're in so much trouble
what's all this weed crap it's your
fault what how is this my fault you're
the one who threw the ball to make him
go in the wood chipper I didn't make him
go in the wood chipper I threw the ball
to Tyler and he was already running
toward the wood chipper but why would
you throw it towards the wood chipper
you know he's going to fall in it well I
thought he had some common goddamn sense
and wasn't just going to jump in a wood
chipper and why did he even try to catch
it that hard it's not the game winning
pass in the Super Bowl Cody I think you
did this on purpose what what yeah yeah
you remember on the couch before we
played catch you said I don't like Tyler
well yeah because Tyler's mean that
doesn't mean I wanted to kill him so
that's your motive you didn't like him
so I think you planned this whole thing
I think you wanted to play catch so you
could throw a ball in the wood chipper
and he would die it was your idea to
play catch and why do you even have a
wood chipper when you don't have trees
and why was it even on that's suspicious
you're right I'm just as suspicious as
you are yeah Junior you're just as
guilty as me okay so what do we got to
do we got to think of a plan I don't
know Junior maybe we should call the
cops no we cannot call the cops if we
call the cops we're both going to get
arrested because this whole story does
not make any sense they're going to
think we did it on purpose okay so I
think what we should do is we should
just sit here and do nothing Junior we
can't just do nothing you have a pile of
blood out there in your in your street
okay well they could think that a
squirrel crawled in the wood ship or a
raccoon okay but what happens when
Tyler's parents realize he didn't show
up for dinner okay well no one knows he
was supposed to be over here he was just
running around outside I decided to tell
him to come over so his parents didn't
even know he was over here so they might
just think he got kidnapped or he ran
away from home look Cody let's just
breathe calm down and go eat something
yeah I guess you're right I guess we can
get Chef peee to cook us something uh
well Chef peipe had a baby but him too
yeah okay well Jesus I guess we can get
your dad to like drive us to an arcade
and play some games atat some pizza my
dad had a baby too what okay how are all
these people having babies well the guy
who plays those characters had a baby
look he'll be back in a little bit let
me go downstairs and grab a Lunchable oh
okay huh what's this wood chippa doing
here unattended well as long as nobody
jumped in it I guess it's fine I'll just
be on my way what oh well that's not
what I wanted to see today
okay ow Junior what the hell was that
for I got you a Lunchable what Junior
that's not a lunch ow stop throwing it
it's not a Lunchable it's a Hillshire
snacking what the hell is that where's
the Capri Sun where's the Gogurt it's
the same thing it's not the same thing
Junior this has genois salami natural
white cheddar cheese and toasted rounds
like where the little mini Oreos it's
all we had in the fridge Cody okay I
guess we can split it let's split
it oh no Junior what if it's
the it's not the cops Cody cuz why would
it be the cops H Junior I don't know H
let me think about about that for a
second maybe the pile of blood or the
missing kid or the wood chipper Cody no
one knows about any of those things it's
not the cops I guarantee it's not the
cops I'd bet my life it's not the cops I
would swear on my soul it's not the cops
I would bet my lunchable it's not the
cops it's not the cops if it's the cops
I'm going to scream okay
[Applause]
hello hey hey um is that your wood
chipper out there wood chipper what wood
chipper I've never seen a day in my life
okay so you wouldn't know anything about
that pile of Gore out there behind it no
I don't know anything about a kid
playing catch and jumped in the wood
chipper and died I didn't say any of
that well I think that's what could have
happened if someone left a wood chipper
in the road you know what I'm going to
come in well why well Junior I heard you
scream so I'm assuming it's the
cop yeah it's the cops well you kids
must have done something pretty bad cuz
you scream every time you see me we just
really want ice cream oh that makes
sense I mean ice scream you scream we
all scream for ice cream yeah ice cream
so what are you doing here officer well
there's a wood chipper outside with a
pile of blood behind it just wanted to
know if you guys knew anything about
that well see we we were uh it was a
squirrel a squirrel yeah so so me and
Cody were playing catch with a squirrel
with an acorn and Cody threw the acorn
into the wood chipper so the squirrel
would die no it's not so the squirrel
would die I was trying to throw the
acorn to the squirrel okay so listen
basically thing is if that happened
would Cody be in trouble for throwing
the acorn at the in the wit Cher well I
mean squirrel are pretty dumb so if you
threw the acorn in the wood chipper you
should have probably known the squirrel
would go in after it okay so what if it
wasn't a squirrel and it was a little
boy named Tyler well then you guys would
definitely be at fault cuz you shouldn't
have been playing around a wood chipper
in the first place well good thing it
was a squirrel and not a little boy
named Tyler that we were hanging out
with yeah that that is a good thing that
would have been really bad all right so
uh I all checks out so I guess I can
just leave I just have to hear it from
you me yeah I just have to hear that it
was a squirrel and that's all that
happened without you sounding nervous or
suspicious at all that's all I need to
do uh
okay it was a squirrel yep big squirrel
yep yep yep yep yep yep yep okay that
checks out sorry for bothering you kids
see you later Junior that was close I
know I can't believe we got away with it
got away with what you guys didn't even
wait for me to leave the room before you
started talking I didn't even make it to
the door so what' you guys get away with
uh got away with taking the last
lunchable out of the fridge that that's
not a Lunchable that's a that's a hill
shy of snacking I know but that we got
away with taking it because it's the
last one and my whole family wants them
so we got to wait with that oh oh okay
well I'll see you guys later I'm going
to leave for real this time oh that was
so close quiet Junior look he didn't
leave he's just being [ __ ] weird what
is he doing I I think maybe he thinks
that if he can't see us we can't see him
let's let's go to a different room okay
Junior I think we have some privacy in
here I can't believe we're actually
going to get away with it yeah I think
we will but we probably should have
cleaned up that blood outside yeah the
blood's what made the cops can yeah so
what do you want to do now uh you want
to play gobble monster well I I mean
yeah of course I do I thought you'd
never ask let me just unzip this bad boy
real quick oh you want to play the game
gobble monster I I thought you wanted to
be the gobble monster what never mind
let's just
play thanks for choosing the police
station how may I take your order my son
is missing well how long's he been
missing for a few hours uh there not
really much we can do until he's missing
for 72 hours so come back in 3 days but
it's dark outside I'm afraid something
bad has happened ah well there's not
much I can do I'm going to have to call
for backup I might get in here what's up
Simmons Sheila's rose on the fritz what
ask her man what's he talking about my
son's been missing for a few hours oh
well are you sure he's not just in his
room no he went outside and he hasn't
been back since H well did you take his
video game systems away recently kids
can be dramatic like that no not this
week huh well do you have a picture of
your son
yes H yeah I definitely have not seen
that kid what' you say his name was
Tyler Tyler now I've definitely heard of
Tyler today where did I hear about Tyler
oh Tyler the Creator that's right I was
listening to odd future in my car uh
where can you describe the neighborhood
where your son went missing yes there
were a bunch of houses houses yeah yeah
there are usually houses in a
neighborhood that's not too suspicious
where there lawns in this neighborhood
yes and cars parked out front cars cars
now were there any cars you didn't
recognize yes there was a wood chipper
that appeared out of nowhere today a
wood chipper now I know I've seen a wood
chipper today what was that about Tyler
wood chipper there's definitely a
connection there wait wait a minute uh
ma'am was your son a squirrel no well
then it couldn't have been your son see
these two kids killed a squirrel with a
wood chipper but they specifically said
it wasn't a boy named Tyler so it could
not have been your son wait a minute
something's not adding up here ma'am ma'
last time you saw your son was his body
full of blood I think so H come come
with me ma'am is this your son uh no my
son had hair and skin M I see I see and
your son was alive when he left the
house yes I think so okay well ma'am
this might be your son what yeah I think
your son might have gone through this
wood chipper oh my God hold on don't
don't cry yet I I'm not 100% sure I I
need to confirm this junior that board
game sucked it would have felt much
better if you were the Goblin monster oh
Cody what look oh God damn it you
haven't left yet oh no I left I just
came back cuz I had questions about the
squirrel thing what do you want to know
about the stupid dead squirrel well this
mom came and reported a son missing and
a son's name was Tyler which was the
name of the boy you didn't play ball
with yeah we did not play ball with a
boy named Tyler with a red striped shirt
hm that's interesting cuz the missing
boy has a red striped shirt well well
the mom is out there looking at the
blood right now when I told her it might
be her son she did not like that at all
well lie to her say it's a squirrel well
that wouldn't be a lie right no that's a
truth it's a truth it's a squirrel oh
that's good that is really good cuz if
it was his son then you guys would be
really bad people and you should feel
really bad about that well it's not her
son unless her son's a squirrel okay
good that that's great that's exactly
what I wanted to hear uh there is just
one more thing I I ran the DNA on the
blood out there and it turns out it is
TI DNA so what do you have to say about
that okay I admit it we did it we killed
Tyler no we didn't kill Tyler Cody
killed Tyler Cody's the one that threw
the ball into the wood chipper and made
Tyler get inside it I didn't make Tyler
get inside it he fell inside it trying
to catch the ball in Junior's wood
chipper that he owns for some reason but
Cody told me he does not like Tyler so I
think it's premeditated he wanted Tyler
to die so he threw a bow in the wood
chipper but no it was an accident well
jokes on you kids I didn't actually run
the DNA so you admitted to the crime for
no reason haha n boo boo a we getting
get arrested oh yeah you're getting
arrested oh no y I got to read you guys
your rights wait how does this work do I
read them at the same time or
individually how about this y'all have
the right to remain silent if y'all
cannot afford an attorney one will be
appointed to y'all well why am I getting
arrested he's the one that killed him
cuz you lied about the murder
idiot hey guys
Tyler we thought you died I F my death
cuz my mom's a [ __ ] wait why did you
fake your own death I wanted to go to
Chuck-E-Cheese my mom would to take me
how did you fake your own death we saw
you go inside the wood chipper and we
saw the blood on the ground I pushed a
teddy bear with red food coloring into
the machine I don't want the chucke
Chiefs but I didn't have any money so I
came back huh well I guess you kids are
free to go but Tyler you're under arrest
for faking your own death causing a
public nuisance and making me look silly
[ __ ] and having a potty mouth come on
Mister well Junior I feel really good
that I didn't kill someone so you admit
that if he would have actually died you
would have killed him no I still don't
know why you have a wood chipper yeah me
either I miss Joseph yeah
he
[Music]