pointy boy pointy I'm so excited to go
to the Beyonce's birthday party today I
can't believe we were invited there's
going to be so many celebrities there do
you think she'll like her cookie cake
yeah what's wrong Bo well Karen I just
don't feel like going to an AA celebrity
birthday party today what Bo you've been
so excited ever since Beyonce invited
you when you got her out of a speeding
ticket I know but I didn't realize her
birthday was on the same day Steve Irwin
died what oh yeah Karen today's the day
Steve Irwin was tragically taken from us
by that godamn sting right oh I'm so
upset well Bo the potty will distract
you no it won't Karen how am I supposed
to just sit there and eat cake and play
pin the ring on the single lady when I
know Steve Irwin was brutally impaled by
a stingray on this day how can people
party on a day like this it's like
partying on 9/11 but Bo you party on 911
yeah okay well they say never forget not
never party partying is the best way to
remember well let's party to remember
STW Karen are you sick in the head
that's my whole point we can't party
today today's a day of morning Karen did
you take a fight out of Beyonce's
 cookie cake I took a little
nipple to make sure it wasn't stale okay
that's it we're definitely not going now
but bo bo you told her you would go when
she invited you on Facebook I said maybe
because I wanted to be mysterious a but
Bo look she HED it Karen there's going
to be so many other celebrities there
she's not even going to know we're not
there you're going to break her heart Bo
look I'm just going to message Beyonce
on Facebook and tell her I can't make it
happy birthday Beyonce sorry I can't
make it to your party there and now
she's calling me Bo answer
it hello Beyonce happy birthday Beyonce
what do you want Beyonce Brooklyn guy
please tell me the message you sent me
was a joke you're still coming to my
birthday party right no Beyonce it's not
a joke I just can't make it to your
birthday party I really wanted to but I
can't um maybe next year actually
probably not maybe not any year unless
it's on a different day so you have a
problem with the day I was born well
yeah it's just a bad day it's not you
it's the day actually the whole month of
September's bad like 9/11 happened in
September and Hurricane Katrina and like
the Nazis invaded Poland and started
World War II in September I think and
and Queen Elizabeth II died you know you
there's a reason Green Day wanted to
sleep through this month I don't give a
stabbing Stingray that you don't
like the month of September you better
show up to my birthday okay now that is
not a common expression that's it I'm
not coming to your birthday bye wait Bo
we're not going to go did you hear her
Karen she took a jab at Steve that
really stung now I'm doing it
God damn on the day of Steve's death I'm
so sorry Steve all right I'm just going
to go to work to get my mind off this
well boie can I still go no Karen she's
not even going to care just stay here
and eat the carrot carrot cake
cookie cake Karen Eat It you already
started it's not carrot cake hey Danny
guess what did you know that this TV
show came out on the exact day month and
year that I was born that's really cool
ta can we watch it we can watch it when
we're done watching the news hey there
somebody call a doctor no oh I'll just
be here if you need me well what are you
doing here you're supposed to be at
Beyonce's birthday party yeah I was and
I decided not to go why did you decide
not to go there's so many celebrities
there you got to go well today's just a
really sad day why is today sad oh hey
you know the show actually came out on
my birthday I mean I mean not the actual
year but the same day yeah Jeffy was
telling us why is today sad Marvin are
you kidding me don't you know what day
it is hump day oh Marvin that is so
unbelievably not funny oh it's Wednesday
thank you for the update why is today
sad we don't know why okay we're going
to do charades I'll explain this is the
first
word oh oh oh you're working at a
pizzeria and and your man you're tossing
the dough and making pizzas it's very
busy Marvin I stopped because everything
you said was wrong oh there's a fly in
your face and you're trying to swat it
away no um oh you're a DJ and you're at
a rave and man you're pumping Up the Jam
pumping you smell something really bad
mm-m oh you walked into a spiderweb and
you're you're getting it off your face
no oh you're in a sauna and it's really
hot so you're trying to
breathe oh you're running from a zombie
and you're looking back at at it running
at after you and you're scared no God
damn it Mar I'm swimming okay the first
word is I'm swimming okay okay swimming
okay here's the second
one you
died how did I
die uh you
drowned oh someone shot you with a
harpoon cuz they thought you were a
shark that's
close you you swam 30 minutes after
eating how is that close to being shot
with a harpoon Marvin I I don't
um you swallow too much water you have
tummy G you uh oh oh you had a heart
attack from swimming too much I'm
 Steve Irwin Marvin that's what
I'm doing I'm Steve Irwin okay
that does not look like you're banging
Steve Irwin no I don't mean I'm
literally Marvin it's charades I am
Steve Irwin okay let's play a different
one because I I didn't really get no no
no we're not playing charades I'm
telling you why I'm sad today today the
day Steve Irwin died well not actually
today it was like 18 years ago but it's
the same day that was today yes it's
today oh well that's sad yes it's very
sad Marvin that's what I'm saying today
is a tragic day yeah I mean it was a
long time ago so I mean it's kind of
like move on a little bit oh oh yeah
you're right it was a long time ago yeah
you're right Marvin I guess Pearl Harbor
wasn't a big deal because it was a long
time ago oh and the Holocaust what's
that that was a long time ago I don't
care about that in slavery that's just
the cat's pajamas Marvin that's what you
think right because it was a long time
ago no I'm just saying it was so long
ago and I didn't know him so I mean oh
you didn't know him so you lack empathy
huh you're a psychopath that's what
you're telling me Marvin no it was sad
when it happened it's still sad but but
people just don't really think about it
that often I I didn't know today was
that day it's not don't have on my
calendar he died today now how quickly
we forget Marvin look the
news breaking news K Beyonce's birthday
party was ruined because one of the
guests she invited didn't show up and
that made her cry we have an important
message from the president now breaking
news America some broke ass gingerhead
 ass ruined Beyonce's birthday
party and made her cry America's most
hated person now ruined one of the
happiest days in September if you see
his face punch him and call him names
thank you oh man she told the president
oh you made Beyonce cry well I didn't
mean to make her cry I just didn't want
to celebrate on such a sad day ow
Marvin oh Jeffy don't hit him it's okay
he was just doing what the president
told him oh well I mean you you made
Beyonce cry and now people are going to
want to punch you well look if anybody
tries to punch me I just explain why he
didn't go to the party did you explain
to her why you didn't go well I didn't
really get a chance she made a very
hurtful joke about Steve Irwin at least
I think it was a joke it was Stingray
related it was either a joke or she just
has very weird sayings now if you'll
excuse me I'll go get a beer out of your
fridge ow Jeffy oh I mean the president
told him like I guess you can do it the
last beer this is for you
Steve well while I'm here I might as
well see if they have any snacks in the
pantry uh-uh what do you think you're
doing going in my pantry oh hey Chef Pee
I'm just looking for some snacks oh no
you don't deserve no snacks you made
Beyonce cry you don't make the queen be
cry oh come on I just didn't want to go
to a party n just for the beef
H I don't want to hi
 yeah Buzz Bzz
buzzz what happened to you I just got my
ass kicked for making Beyonce cry well
well you know that was going to happen I
mean the president announced to the
world that people need to punch you in
the face yeah yeah I know ow God damn it
I'm just doing what the president told
me to do no okay I I guess I'm just
going to have to go to the party you're
actually going to go yeah I'm going to
go get my wife he's going to get beat up
by
everyone oh my God Bo what happened to
you I got beat up for making Beyonce cry
oh yeah that's right sorry boy
president's orders I know it's okay
listen I think I decided to go to
Beyonce's birthday party what we're
going to go yeah but I need you to put
some makeup on my face so I don't look
so beat up okay B can I also bring the
cookie cake well you wait godamn half of
it I was hungry Bo because you said we
weren't going it okay bring
it g kill me boy are you sure this is
Beyonce's birthday party there are
balloons Karen it's definitely her
house hey are you here for Beyonce's
birthday party uh yeah okay let me check
the guest list let's see Drake Steve
Harvey there Brooklyn guy plus one hey
you're the guy who made her cry yeah
that would be me you got a lot of nerve
showing up here bud no one here likes
you everyone hates you I know well we
brought a cookie cake the half eaten
cookie cake you know what let me go ask
her if she even wants you here stay but
Karen I want to leave no bonie you're
going to make it right but he said
everyone in there hates me all right so
Beyonce is in her room crying so I
didn't have a chance to ask her so why
don't you come inside grab a snack and
sit by the pole and wait and when she's
done crying she'll come out and talk to
you okay you're the reason she's crying
I know
where should I put the cookie cake
probably next to her real cake Karen you
know I really thought Beyonce would have
had a big of cake oh my God Bo there's
Drake standing over there ooh Drake who
gives a oh I think he's coming over
Brooklyn guy you're a dummy head poopy
pants stinky butt head I hate you for
making Beyonce cry on her birthday um I
hope you step on a crack and break your
mama's back excuse me I'm having going
talk to a minor why would he admit that
oh my God Bo Drake just talked to you do
you think he'll take a picture with me
are you wonder 18 no well then probably
not I'm going to grab a red Solo cup and
stand by the pool Bo do you think anyone
would mind if I had some more of the
cookie cake Karen I don't think anybody
wants any of your shitty cookie
cake lame ass
party oh hey Beyonce I made it to your
birthday what do you want Brooklyn guy
you already ruined my birthday and made
me cry all day yeah I'm really sorry
about that listen I just really want to
explain why I didn't want to come
earlier you see your birthday is also
the same day Steve Irwin died and I just
can't celebrate on a day this sad wait
you think I don't know about Steve Irwin
dying on the same day as my birthday I
carry this frame picture of Steve
everywhere I go because I love him so
much I don't celebrate my birthday on
this day I celebrate the life of Steve
Irwin oh my God Beyonce you do
understand let's party Steve
Steve Steve Steve Steve
[Music]