I hate school me too dude come on guys
cheer up school's great you get to be
around your friends and learn new things
these are the best years of Our Lives
Jeffy hit them ow well the bus is coming
hopefully it runs you over
yeah darn it didn't hit you Cody maybe
next time dude let's get on the
bus ooh look a
quarter hey I got a quarter ow ow hey my
arms cut the door open the door open the
door all right is everyone on the bus uh
yeah I don't think we're missing anybody
where's Cody I think he's sick all right
let's go to school theg I
theg you guys hear that screaming you
hear too oh I always hear a voice in my
head screaming kill everybody I thought
it was just me well no I think it's
coming from
outside Cody what are you doing outside
the bus you're supposed to ride inside
Jody I tell him to stop the bus okay
I'll tell him to stop hey stop the bus
I'm not stopping the bus we got to go to
school you're dragging Cody I'm not
dragging anything go back to your
seat I think I just hit dinner ring
Ring's going to be happy she do have to
cook tonight hold on crft let me go pick
up my dinner is it cat is it dog I hope
it's
cat oh no I am so
fired man kid you're lucky to be alive
you get hit by a bus most people don't
survive that but you did and I I I think
that's just neat hey Cody hey dude
thanks for coming guys ow never mind it
was a fly didn't wanted to bite you yeah
that fly was really going to hurt me how
you feeling Cody oh I feel just peachy
Junior you know I feel like I got run
over by a boss oh I know what you're
talking about when I have the flu I feel
just like that right but I actually did
get run over by up eyes we know Cody
stop bragging about it stop being
dramatic yeah you're making your whole
identity ooh I was the guy that ran over
by a bus we know guys my life sucks no
it doesn't yes it does Junior I got hit
by a bus what would you rather got hit
by a train or a bus ooh tricky question
well I guess if I get hit by a train I
would have died so I'll take the bus see
look you got hit by what you wanted what
I didn't choose this yes you did I said
a bus or a train you chose a bus Junior
if I could move I'd hit you Cody tell
your friends to leave it's time to
insert your catheter no I want them to
watch what's the catheter it's a needle
that goes in your pee hole ew hell yeah
it is and I want the man to do it it's
hot um you know what actually on second
thought you don't even need a catheter
you're you're ready to be discharged you
can go home now I can't believe you were
hit by that bus you know if you were to
sue the school you'd make a lot of money
but yeah yeah it's a good idea I'm going
to sue the school ow Junior why well
there's a fly what how many flies are
there in this goddamn Hospital wa you
said you're going to sue the school yes
I'm going to sue the school because they
own the school bus now I'm going to sue
up okay uh do you want us to pick you up
and take you home yeah just drag me
home the fly ow ow he flies just put me
down gentle ow so Cody how much money
you going to sue the school for I was
thinking $5 million $5 million you're
asking for a lot dude that's a lot of
gravy yeah well my insides are mashed
potatoes from where the bus ran me over
and besides I need that money for my
pain and suffering and I didn't even get
my catheter so what's the point aren't
you just happy to be alive no I want
money Cody let's play basketball I bet
you'll feel better after that I can't
why cuz I'll beat you huh go ahead and
say it admit it it's because I'm in a
full body cast and I can't move well you
guys if you need me I'm going to be on
the basketball court Duncan I think
you're just scared Cody Junior there's
someone at the door can can you go get
it Junior I'm in a full body cast but I
have an ingrown toenail and it hurts
Junior okay fine I'll get it hello is
Cody here yeah his track isn't working
we put a tracker in his booty and it
went offline a few hours ago and we paid
good money for that tracker so tell me
where our son is if he took that Tracker
out I'm going to be one mad Mama Bear
you know what I think it's pretty racist
that they call black bears black bears
because the color of they fur and they
call White bears polar bears we should
sign a petition to call polar bears
Cracker Barrels I think there's a
restaurant called that no that's Cracker
Barrel baby oh and that's pretty racist
too I think we need a black barar well
Cody's upstairs well we're coming in
yeah here's Cody oh my God Cody my baby
what happened to you you better I ain't
got beat up by no girl cuz if you did
I'm going laugh at you huh no I got run
over by a bus oh my God Cody I told you
those cartoons were dangerous that Miss
Frizzle and her Magic School Bus are a
bad influence why didn't you look both
both ways before crossing the street you
know you're supposed to be like the
chicken that cross the road I did look
both ways I just got caught in the door
of the bus and then it dragged me around
for a while before running me over
excuses excuses Cody said he's going to
sue the school for $5 million he what
now baby I didn't know you gave birth to
a cow a cash cow well I mean she's a big
fat cow so obviously she'd give birth to
a cow Cody we're going to sue the school
and then we're going to take this to the
news and you're going to buy mommy some
new cans and I'm going to get un snip
you going to have a little brother come
on Cody let's go get you the best loyal
we can so I reviewed your case so what
do you think what do I think I'll tell
you you mind holding this for me for a
second oh yeah I sure thank you I think
it's going to be a slam dunk you guys
are about to get paid I'm going to win
no matter what I can go into the
courtroom with my wiener in my hand and
I'd still win please do you know what I
think I might order order order order
order I am the honorable Judge Boer and
today we will be hearing the case of
Cody NIS versus the ohu Dum Elementary
School Cody is suing the school for $5
million for running him over with a
school bus plaintiff proceed with your
proceedings thank you your honor ladies
and gentlemen of the Court imagine this
your son just got done eating breakfast
and he waves goodbye Bye Mom bye Dad I'm
on my way to school he walks out the
door and walks to the bus stop he
finally gets there and he's waiting for
the bus to arrive and out of nowhere bam
he gets hit by a bus and he's left on
the side of the road to die look he
looks like a mummy and he was left on
the side of the road crying for his
mummy ladies and gentlemen of the court
I'm done with my proceedings boohoo
boohoo a very sad story
indeed defendant how do you defend your
actions oh it's my turn okay man don't
worry I'm going to win this case in my
opening statement ladies and gentlemen
of the Court my client is clearly
Chinese a simple eye test will show that
and being Chinese he's you know
unfamiliar with American traffic laws
but you know Chinese Japanese dirty knes
look at these we're all human we all
make mistakes you know so what if he
does make joke and pee pee in your Coke
I think he still deserves a second
chance at the americ am dream I rest my
case h i see plaintiff how do you
respond guilty we are not at that part
yet how do you respond to what he said
oh well here is a photograph of my
client before he was hit by a bus just
look at him a normal ugly looking child
and now look at him a hideous freaking
nature unrecognizable looking like that
he will never get married and he'll
never have a job job but $5 million will
make him very rich because women love
money I'm gay men love money too that's
all I have to say I agree we all love
money
defendant defend oh yeah well I can use
pictures too uh ladies and gentlemen of
the Court can you tell me what this is
oh those are egg rolls that's right
these are egg rolls and this is what my
client ate on the day he ran over over
the kid Now ladies and gentlemen can you
tell me what ingredients are in egg
rolls H anybody well neither can I so
how do we know that the ingredients of
this egg roll did not cause my client to
not realize that he was dragging a kid
on his school bus for Miles while he
yelled for help and then run him over H
we don't know that which is why I think
we should be investigating the egg roll
company huh how do we know the egg roll
company doesn't have some kind of
chemical in there that that that causes
memory loss that could have caused this
to happen H actually my wife ring ring
made the egg rolls from scratch okay
well his wife made the egg rolls but I
think we should investigate his wife how
do we know this wasn't intentional maybe
she took out an insurance policy on him
and was hoping he crashed his bus H I
think we should look into that so suck
it suck it ladies and gentlemen H very
good
points
plaintiff continue with your plaintiff
thing your honor my client is suffering
from irreversible physical and Psych
olical damage he is afraid of school
buses something I like to call School
buop phobia allow me to demonstrate all
right Cody just like we
practice see he screamed at the very top
of his lungs at the sight of a school
bus something that is supposed to carry
him safely to and from school how is my
client supposed to get a quality
education if he's afraid of school
buses I rest my case your owner that is
very troubling to see that will be very
hard to defend against
defendant but I dare you to try oh man I
am sweating bullets I uh I didn't print
out any other pictures but uh hey can I
borrow that picture of that bus thank
you ladies and gentlemen do you see this
bus this is not a picture of the bus
that ran over the plaintiff this is a
stock photo of a bus so why would he
scream at a stock photo he should only
scream at a picture of the real bus so I
think he's faking it I think he doesn't
have any injuries I mean obviously he
has physical injuries but I think he
doesn't have any psychological injuries
you know I knew somebody who got run
over by a bus and he didn't about
it this much I I mean he died but your
honor I object on the grounds that the
plaintiff is being a little about
this whole thing he should just be happy
he's alive I agree he is lucky to be
alive plaintiff it is your ti to plaint
your honor I would like to call a
witness it's one of Cody's friends who
was there that day and saw the whole
thing Junior do you mind coming up here
please what do I do could you just tell
us everything that happened the day that
Cody was hit by a bus yeah so we were
all getting on the bus and Cody thought
it would be cute to like ride under the
bus and hang on to it like a monkey but
no I didn't I got stuck in the door well
look all I saw is when I looked out the
window he was hanging onto the bus
screaming wee look at me no I was saying
help me stop the bus well he talked
about this for weeks before he did it I
object to my own witness get the hell
out of here why did we even call him in
here I don't know I thought he was my
friend H how
incriminating defendant do your thing no
no no no hold on I want his witness I
want to talk to you what's up well you
said he did all this on purpose I mean
he had to why else would he be
underneath the bus while it was moving I
mean he had plenty of time to get on
when we all got on no I was picking up a
quarter I found on the ground and my arm
got caught in the door aha he was
bending over to pick up a quarter off
the ground this just shows that he was
in it for the money all along who even
bends over to pick up a quarter huh who
even uses quarters they're worthless
this shows he was so desperate for money
and that's why he's asking for such an
egregious amount I also asked him would
he rather get hit by a train or a bus
and he chose bus aha he chose this my
client was simply doing what he was
asked to do M this is getting juicy
plaintiff I can't wait to hear your
response your honor are you really going
to believe this crap no one really wants
to be hit by a bus let's look at the
facts here my client was hit by a bus
and the driver was Chinese I would like
to call in one more witness to the case
the client's mother Judy do you mind
coming up here please oh the judge is
hot all right listen to me Focus you are
Cody nut kiss's mother correct I think
so after he was born and they took him
to the nursery all the babies fell over
and there was just a big pile of babies
and they said take one and go home so I
did but I'm pretty sure he's mine okay
now ask Cody's mother is this what you
wanted for your child to be brutally
struck down in the street by a bus oh no
I thought it would always be way cooler
if he died in a plane crash then there'd
be a whole news article about it see
your honor not what the client's mother
wanted oo that judge is really hot can I
go home with
you motion granted yes
daddy Cody
wins yes yes I won I got $5 million I I
did it I
did oh come on that that's not fair I I
have a life you you can have her if we
can win I'm sorry man I tried oh it's
okay you want to come back to my house
my wife's making egg rolls hell yeah so
I won your court case you are the best
lawyer ever I know well technically my
mom won the case because she slept with
the judge and she should he's a very
beautiful man well the good news is the
$5 million has already cleared my bank
account and after removing n Neary court
fees and my attorney fees this is what
you're left with what a quarter wait we
supposed to get millions well let me
break it down for you so my consultation
fee is $2 million my attorney retainer
fee is $1 million and my court fees are
another $2 million so that ate up your
$5 million you should be lucky you're
even getting this quarter but I get hit
by a bus well you also got hit with
court fees hey do you mind holding this
up for me again oh sure I
know swish
[Music]
wa