so guys what do you want to do this
weekend I don't know dude we have the
whole weekend to ourselves we
I gotta go some go somewhere where you
going nerd oh my sending me to straight
they're sending you to straight Camp
yeah so I need you guys to watch ken for
the weekend why do we have to watch ken
well I can't bring my boyfriend to
straight camp and I might try to get
some strange you can't do that Cody
They're Not Gonna Let You Junior it's a
whole Camp full of gay dudes who don't
want to be straight and they're going to
pile us all in the same cabin all
sleeping in the same room are you
kidding me it's gonna be like fishing
with dynamite it's not even gonna be
fair I get to close my eyes throw a dart
and hit a bullseye I'm like Gary goddamn
Anderson well have fun buddy okay Cody
come on let's go get you straightened
out mom if you think that stupid Camp is
gonna get me to stop liking weiner
you're wrong boys we recently found out
that Cody liking men is a sin so we're
trying to stop it good luck with that
I'm a weinerholic I don't doubt that
okay Junior a few more things about Ken
uh he's gonna want two ham and cheese
Hot Pockets in the morning only give him
one you're not a fatty Ken oh yeah and I
need you to brush his teeth four times a
day how else do you think his teeth stay
so white because it's painted on shut up
Joseph oh and I need you to brush his
hair too I mean how else do you think
his hairs taste so nice because it's
glued on shut up Joseph oh and I need
you to iron his clothes because how else
do you think is close stay so unwrinkled
because it's stitched on dude oh yeah
and I need you to make sure he works out
too because how else do you think he
keeps his washboard abs he's a dog
oh yeah and Jenny I need you to read him
The Great Gatsby before bed every night
I know it's a pain in the ass but it
helps him sleep and don't even think
about letting him read Beowulf it's too
sexy oh yeah and no Ryan Reynolds movies
either because I once asked him if he
had a hell pass to smash any celebrity
he wanted who would it be and he said
Ryan Reynolds and I don't want him
getting any ideas okay Cody come on hold
on mom
see this is what we're trying to stop if
you didn't like that Mom that was just
an appetizer for the Golden Corral of
man ass I'm gonna be munching on dude
are we really gonna watch this stupid
doll no we're not gonna watch Kenneth
stupid he's a stupid doll and we don't
even need to watch him he's gonna leave
him right there the whole weekend oh
dude I got an idea how about we play
catch with Ken we can't play catch with
Ken he can't catch a ball dude we play
catch with Ken Ken is the ball Oh you
mean play catch with Ken duh yeah let's
do it okay Jose are you ready to catch
Ken yeah dude make sure you throw it far
okay no dude that's too far
oh man the lawnmower died I guess I need
more gas oh my God Joseph is getting
destroyed I don't know dude let me check
oh he's perfectly fine not a scratch on
him that was close yeah that was way too
close Joseph I don't think we should
play with Ken anymore yeah you're right
dude how about we just go swimming
that's perfectly safe yeah let's just go
swimming water is safe let's go yeah
I'm swimming Joseph dude
swim Joseph
I'm a whale dude oh look I'm a Titanic
victim my boat's sinking and I'm dry
money save me Jack oh that's so funny
hey Joseph you think Ken is safe dude
we're in a pool and he's right there
nothing bad can happen wait dude is that
a shark what
what
dude
all right I got kids oh dude let's get
out of here
those jokes are where the shark come
from I don't know dude that doesn't make
any sense yeah let's just do nothing but
safe things the whole weekend yeah like
eat yeah I'm hungry
hey Chef PeePee can you make us
something to eat yeah sure Junior just
hold on a second I need to fly this
Pop-Tart real quick
I'm talking about baby
yeah Joseph maybe I should keep Ken away
from this yeah dude okay Joseph we have
to put Ken somewhere safe because too
many dangerous things are happening to
him I know dude but where uh oh we could
put him in my mailbox because they're
legal to go through people's mail so no
one will mess with them oh dude that's
smart yeah that's smart you know what no
one breaks the law these days that's a
genius idea yeah let's go okay Joseph
put them in the mailbox all right dude I
got you
oh come on what's wrong dude it won't
budge we'll pull it okay dude
yes no is he okay kid why the are
you in the road are you trying to get
paid because I have the best lawyers so
you're not getting is getting okay
I think so can you grab him oh yeah dude
okay this is way too close let's just
take Ken inside and put him on the bed
yeah you're right dude let's go dude I
hate that Cody asked us to watch this
stupid dog for him I know it sucks but I
think you should let me hold Ken why
because I can't trust you with him do is
it cause I'm black no it's just because
every time you hold him something bad
almost happens to him well you don't
want to run out and ran over
bro you almost got him ran over by a car
you told me to put it inbox I was just
doing what you asked just let me hold it
no no I can't let me get out of him dude
time to put these in the wood chipper
oh get in there you bugger no way I need
that well you collect Sticks no the doll
oh there is a doll in there isn't he oh
you beat me what yeah you could have
been fed to the chipper let me get him
oh he's stuck in there tight little road
isn't it all right dude toss can on the
bed since you don't trust me your best
friend well I don't want to toss them on
that bed because that's where Chef
PeePee sleeps so I'm gonna toss him on
the top bunk okay then whatever works
dude all right
dude why did you throw him in the silly
fan I didn't mean to I was trying to
talk about the talk but the ceiling fan
got in the way you obviously was trying
to take off his head no listen Joseph
everything we do kin almost gets
destroyed so I think we should just put
him on the couch and not touch him all
weekend yeah you're right that's a good
plan dude
all right Ken is gonna sit right there
all weekend and we're not gonna touch
him yeah I'm not touching him at all he
better not move yeah so we can do all
the fun things we want we don't have to
worry about him oh yeah dude let's do it
yeah let's go
ringing yeah hello hey Junior hey Cody
what's going on I'm coming home already
yeah I got kicked out of straight cam
for skiing it was a snow resort no I
just got caught skiing with two other
boys you know one on each side I don't
get it well think about what you do with
your hands when you're skiing oh yeah
I'm a freak yeah and I also think I
turned one of the counselors gay we were
having a hot dog eating contest we ran
out of hot dogs but I didn't stop my
nickname at this Camp is that Glizzy
Goblin well that's really cool so how's
Ken doing oh Ken's doing great not one
time today did he almost get destroyed
not one time that's really good to hear
Junior can I talk to him how would you
talk to him well just put the phone up
to his ear he's doll here hey baby how's
it going
what what oh no give the phone back to
Junior what's going on junior what's
this I hear about Ken getting bit by a
shark dude how do you know that uh
where'd you hear that from Ken just told
me
well he didn't get bit by a shark he's a
doll he didn't get bit by a shark we
were watching Jaws so I don't know how
you heard that but Junior you're not
supposed to let him watch scary movies
only I can do that so that when he gets
scared he puts his head under the covers
while I'm not wearing pants oh well you
didn't say we couldn't watch Jaws you
said not to watch Ryan Reynolds movies
well I guess that's true I did say that
but he's gonna have nightmares now and
I'm gonna have to be the big spoon it's
so lame well look when are you coming
back well I should be back any minute
I'm about to pull up okay well we'll see
you in a minute all right well tell my
sweet little buttercup cake pants that I
love them all right is that me no it's
Ken oh okay well we'll see you in a
minute all right Cody's gonna be here
any minute yeah thank God I'm tired of
watching that stupid dog yeah Joseph
what what happened to kid's legs oh God
I didn't notice that dude I was standing
right by you oh yeah I was on the phone
what happened Joseph dude I don't know
maybe a raccoon took his legs did you
see a raccoon no she said why would you
say it where did they go hey oh no dude
when I put kid on the phone he had legs
there's no way he just doesn't have legs
now bro I'm clueless I was right by you
oh no that's Cody at the door trying to
find some legs
my legs from do I just try oh my God I'm
a stall hello Cody what are you doing
here I'm here to pick up Ken remember
the conversation we just had on the
phone did we just talk on the phone yeah
we did oh yeah we did so I'm just gonna
come in and get Ken well hold on don't
you want to leave Ken here for the
weekend and have the weekend to yourself
no that straight can't made me real
hungry for GI Joe crotch plate oh well
Ken had a really amazing time here he
doesn't want to leave I don't like the
sound of that I don't want him having
too much fun without me I'm gonna have
to spank that little tush well didn't
you say you were hungry why don't you go
to McDonald's to get your free medium
french fry you haven't had that in
Forever well that's true but I get kind
of tired of french fries well how about
go grab some no I I don't think so I
think I'll take Ken with me after no how
about you grab some french fries and
surprise Ken with them well I don't want
Ken eating french fries he's on a
no-carb diet he only gets one cheat meal
a day and that's his Hot Pocket in the
morning oh well you know what my dad
just yelled and said that no one's
allowed in the house oh well can you go
get Ken and bring him here yeah let me
go get him well hold on man the stairs
are getting steamed cleaned and I don't
want to step on the stairs you know what
Junior I don't think your dad really
cares this so I'm just gonna come
and get him
damn Junior you went upstairs fast I'd
like to take my time wait I thought you
said these stairs were getting steam
cleaned Joseph Joseph Cody's on his way
up it's all good Junior I already found
some legs you're welcome you chose black
legs the stolich yeah I could find
Cody's not gonna believe this well how
about you just tell him that he's half
Kenyan it took me forever to get up
those stairs I don't know how you do it
so fast I guess I'm just getting old
whoa nice leg tan Ken Jenny you didn't
tell me Ken sunbathe by the pool oh yeah
yeah Ken wanted to surprise you by
getting a tan only on his lower half oh
it's the only half that matters oh I
can't wait to lick him yeah so just take
Ken and go home I just want to ask him
about his day first so how was it Ken
yeah
so weird really what
guys what what Ken says you guys lost
his legs and replaced his legs with GI
Joe legs no liar Jr can never lies to me
okay fine we lost his legs but we don't
know what happened he was literally just
sitting here when I was on the phone
with you and his legs just disappeared
uh dude I actually know what happened I
got hungry and I wanted to eat some
chicken legs
[Applause]
okay that was pretty good
[Music]
foreign
[Music]