hey guys check out my new toy look what
it can do
that's my face that's really cool Jeffy
and that's my ear awesome that's a
really cool toy Marvin yeah okay look at
this look at this Jeffy you don't put
your thing in that what dang it was just
an upside down piece of broccoli made
out of Play-Doh oh I I thought it I
thought it was something else uh Jeffy
go play somewhere else all right what
did you think it was Marvin I don't want
to talk about it all right Junior check
out my new toy whoa what's it do well
Junior can you get your cat out of the
way no she's fine okay well you just
stomp on that pad right there and it
launches the rocket oh can I try it yeah
sure okay
whoa it went so high in the air yeah
yeah
yeah so what I need you to do now is
stomp on that pad again but then it's
going to go up yeah I know do it okay
hey guys what doing uh Jeffy stomp on
that pad right there please oh God
it was supposed to go deeper in fact
that's okay oh Cody what if we did this
outside I think it'll feel the same for
me either way no like what if you don't
get in the way and it goes all open sky
you know Let's Take It Outside guys
all right guys let's see how high this
thing can go maybe it can go to the Moon
oh that'd be so cool but it's really
dark outside I wish it could light up oh
don't worry Junior check this ish out it
can light up yeah I did that so the
doctors could find it in case they got
lost in my colon all right Jeffy you
stomp on that thing as hard as you can
all right Junior
foreign
can we sit on the red couch can you guys
leave oh um okay guys we just shot
that who would be flying a hot air
balloon at night planes couldn't see it
I don't know they're probably going on a
joyride because they didn't think
someone's gonna be shooting random
rockets in the air we could have killed
someone let's just check the news
[Music]
breaking news okay an unidentified
flying object was shot out of the sky by
a random missile from an unknown
location the military is looking into
the situation now
come on object we shot down a UFO what
if we shot down aliens aliens finally
come to Earth and we kill them my God
what if we do
Lieutenant guard get your hairy ass in
here you've seen it sir we all have we
all shower together now tell me what the
hell's going on in the Skies over
Florida well sir it looks like a Chinese
spy balloon was shot down by an
unidentified missile was the missile one
of ours no sir satellite surveillance
shows that it might have been three kids
goofing around well how did three kids
get their hands on a missile I don't
know sir but we do sell to some pretty
shady people well how did these kids
find the balloon and we didn't I don't
know sir the balloon didn't show up on
our radar so we're lucky the kids found
it at all Now you listen to me you get
those three kids that bring them here
because America needs them yes sir
Junior what are you doing writing an
apology letter to the aliens and I'm
gonna go outside and let the balloon go
with the letter attached to it so it can
go to their Planet Junior this balloon's
not just gonna go to space yes it is
Cody when you let go of a balloon it
keeps going up until it hits space no
balloons just keep going up until they
pop they don't pop unless they hit a
sharp object I don't think that's random
needles flying around in the sky or
space but no this is okay fine Junior
even if it goes to space how's it going
to get to their Planet when the aliens
see a balloon floating in space they're
gonna grab it no one can say no to a
balloon and what makes you think they
even speak English of course the aliens
can speak English if they can make a UFO
then go to the speed of light to go to
our planet then they obviously can
decode this message yeah the frowny face
is really going to help all right guys
let's go outside and release the balloon
Junior this balloon doesn't even have
helium in it it's just somebody holding
it no it has helium
see we couldn't afford helium Cody
there's a helium shortage and and we
didn't think of this part of the video
okay so apparently the kids live here I
don't want to scare them when they open
the door and see a big old army man oh I
know I'll put on this alien mask that'll
make me seem all friendly and fun
there's someone at the door what if it's
more aliens they're mad that we killed
their friends oh I'm gonna go I'm gonna
open the door and I'm gonna handle the
letter no no Junior if it is the aliens
and they're mad at us for killing their
friends we can't just open the door
you're right they're gonna try to kill
us so we gotta kill them how uh I got an
idea grab your rocket all right I'm
grabbing it Noah grab your rocket oh I
got a handful of Rocket my crotch rocket
no the rocket toys I know I know come on
oh guys it is an alien all right all
right when I open the door Jeffy you
shoot the Rock at him okay all right got
it Junior okay
hello hey there why'd you duck
all right guys what do we do with this
alien I think we should put stuff up as
button problem or we could let him do it
to us No don't touch my butt I'm not an
alien says the alien I know what to do
with them move out of my way
yeah he's an alien I'm not an alien
alien you look like that this is just a
mask I bought at Party City oh that's
just a mask yes so you wouldn't mind if
I took it off now go ahead wait Junior
don't touch it what if his antenna like
jellyfish tentacles and they sting you
good think of Cody you just saved my
life they're not like jellyfish
tentacles this is a normal mask before
we try to take off that mask prove
you're a human okay how oh I think we
should check his butthole and see if he
has a human butthole yeah every human's
butthole is the same No don't touch my
butthole why because you have three
alien buttholes you don't want us to see
it what no I have one human butthole I
just don't want you touching it take the
damn mask off okay I'm gonna take it off
Cody but if I get electrocuted you beat
him up okay okay
see see I'm not an alien I'm human I'm
with the US military now untie me okay
I'll untie you wait Junior what if he's
an alien but he just looks like he's
with the military I think we should
check his butthole if you touch my
butthole I swear to God I'll send your
whole family to Guantanamo Bay okay okay
okay on time
okay now that you boys finally untie me
we can do business so why are you here
well do you boys remember shooting
something down earlier uh yeah are we in
trouble we were really scared oh no boys
that was a Chinese spy balloon that even
our radar couldn't detect really yeah
now the commander-in-chief wants to give
you all Medals of Honor for your bravery
that's so cool but boys I just gotta ask
how did you even manage to see it oh we
didn't even really mean to shoot it down
yeah we did no we didn't yes we did wait
hold on I'm confused did you mean to
shoot it down or not because you're only
getting the metal if you meant to shoot
down the Spy balloon now we didn't mean
to shoot it yeah yeah yes we meant to
shoot it down we we walked outside and
we saw the balloon it said made in China
and we said America and we said we're
shooting that bad boy down so we got our
rocket and we knocked it out of the sky
and we said we did that for America wow
voice that is incredible okay come on
let's go get your medals Junior what the
hell are you doing I want that metal
Cody a medal of honor sick come on here
are the kids sir you boys are American
heroes for stopping that spy balloon
thank you sir I'd like to award all
three of you the Medal of Honor
Lieutenant Gary go get the medals all
right it here is your Medal of Honor oh
oh wait no I'm sorry that's the medal of
ogre it has Shrek on it I got this for
doing a 5k at Universal Studios are you
impressed hold on no I got it I got it
right here hold on it here is your Medal
of Honor oh wait no no this is a metal I
won for having the hairiest arms on a
Disney cruise sorry hold on I got it
over here it's over it's right here it's
right here here is your Medal of Honor
okay let's put that on you that's good
no hold on get it run your neck around
your neck there okay there you go yeah
all right uh actually you know what you
two uh just just help yourselves
enjoy your medals kids these medals are
so cool but that's not all since you
boys are so good at shooting down that
spy balloon and finding tricks that even
we can't we're making you three our new
official missile defense system you boys
will be in charge of shooting down nukes
missiles or any other kinds of Airborne
threats to the United States Lieutenant
guy go fire everyone at NORAD you got it
sir won't be needing them anymore we
have professionals now they'll get out
there and kill it boys Junior we are so
screwed what are you talking about Cody
we all got the Medal of Honor we got
jobs of the military we're badasses
Junior I don't think you understand they
want us to shoot down nukes and planes
and missiles just because we
accidentally shot down a balloon Cody
everyone has a calling in life and our
calling is to protect America and that's
what we're gonna do junior we don't have
the technology to protect America we
have your missile toy that's not enough
we need Like Satellites and missiles and
stuff listen Cody America's the most
badass country in the planet no one
messes with us when they mess with
America they die so look we have
anything to worry about No One's Gonna
try to Nuke us no one's gonna try to
bomb us all we have to do is sit back
show Girls our Medal of Honor and eat
tough muff hell yeah Junior there's not
gonna be any tough muff left to eat if
we get nuked Cody we're gonna have
24-hour surveillance and how are we
gonna do that you're gonna stand outside
for 24 hours and look at the sky and if
you see any missiles you tell us what
does Jeffy do he shoots the rocket at
the missile and shoots it down and I'm
also gonna let girls use my tongue as
toilet paper okay and what are you gonna
do junior I'm also gonna let that happen
and I'm gonna be the person that alerts
the news when we shoot something down
and I take all the credit and I get all
the Muff so you want me to just stand in
your front yard and stare at this guy 24
hours a day it's your job to protect
America so go out there Cody No One's
Gonna try to bomb us
[Music]
breaking news okay the
commander-in-chief has an announcement
to make here's a statement from him now
my fellow Americans earlier today the
Chinese send a balloon to try to spy on
us and three brave Soldiers shot it down
since these three soldiers are so good
at finding threats I've decided to make
those three boys the new missile defense
program we've canceled NORAD and turned
on off all our satellites because we
don't need them with that being said I
have one thing to say to the Chinese
[ __ ] around and find out throw
everything you got at us [ __ ] we
ain't paying that dick back oh we are so
dead no we're not Cody isn't it really
cool the commander-in-chief Believe in
Us that much no no he shouldn't believe
in us at all listen Cody No One's Gonna
bomb us or try to kill us you know your
phone is ringing but hold on hello who's
this this is not Chinese who is it
Junior it's the Chinese what how did you
get my number I got it from Tick Tock
well what do you want you're part of our
own and then you talk [ __ ] about us on
TV oh yeah well what are you gonna do
about it bomb Pearl Harbor again that
was the Japanese well what are you gonna
do about it take one of our WNBA players
that was Russia well what are you gonna
do about it we're gonna drop Luke
he said we cool dog really he said that
he said we good food right well listen
Cody just go outside and scan the skies
for nukes wait why because that's our
job Cody go outside and look at the sky
well how the hell am I supposed to scan
the sky I don't have a telescope I
bought you a telescope wait really you
did
what Junior this isn't a telescope this
is a toilet paper roll I can't see
anything with this so you need something
bigger yes like a telescope
this is a paper towel roll it's not
better it can see really far Cody just
go outside and look with it I'll try all
right Jeffy I need you to make like a
bomb shelter like a bomb bunker so go
grab as many pills as you can all right
Captain oh we're getting nuked how am I
supposed to find anything looking
through this
yeah that's a whole lot of nothing just
a whole lot of paper towel roll wait
what is that oh no oh no is that what I
think it is junior junior get out of
here what's wrong Cody look look do you
see that uh that that looks like it
could be a new Junior it's a nuke what
are we gonna do
I got it Junior all right Jeffy shoot
that nuke out of the sky
[ __ ] uh okay go to the bunkers bunkers
everyone in their bunkers go go go go go
you already had these pre-made you knew
about this yes I knew they were gonna
shoot a new but I thought we could shoot
it down dude I told you we can't we're
just kids listen we're safe inside our
bunkers we're gonna survive no we're not
Junior the smoker's made of pillows that
won't stop a nuke the pillows are made
out of Kevlar no they're not what the
news
[Music]
breaking news Okay a nuclear ballistic
missile has hit San Francisco the death
toll is in the millions we believe it
was shot by the Chinese Junior we just
got everyone in San Francisco killed
well at least the nuke didn't hit here
right hey yeah could you boys come with
me you have a better bunker no come on
here they are sir you boys don't know
what the hell you're doing do you no and
shooting down that balloon was an
accident wasn't it yeah okay I'm gonna
go my bad on hiring you boys in the
first place hiring three children to
defend the entire United States seems
like kind of a bad idea Lieutenant guy
go rehire NORAD and turn all our
satellites back on then give China an
apology and send him a box of chocolates
and tell them to double our debt or some
[ __ ] I don't know you got it sir two
million lives you boys cost us 2 million
American lives turn in your Medals of
Honor and get the hell out of here but
what about the Muff you boys killed a
lot of muff today now turn in those
medals hmm
we lost our medals we didn't deserve him
in the first place so guys what do you
want to do tonight I think tonight's
done I don't think we need to do
anything else tonight I think this is
the worst thing we've ever done
you want to play with your rocket no
[Music]