Jackie it's time to get ready for school
come on hey oh but no Jeff yep get
ready for school
well you can play with the movies after
school moves no Jeffy not the Moose oh
my gosh I'm going to get his lunch ready
well I'd ever get ready to be played
with Oh who's that the Moose is no no
Jeff you hold on hello you okay no I
think I'm getting sick you know I got a
dry cough chest height fatigue you know
all that well well your Jeffy's teacher
this is enough to go to school no I came
here to tell you now Jeff you're gonna
be out of school for two months but two
months how's he gonna learn well
starting today Jeff you're gonna need to
get a wrap top because we're gonna do on
Ryan passes well online classes are you
still gonna be the teacher no we got
some other woman gonna do it cuz I'm on
the way to the hospital right now cuz
I'm about to be in the ICU for two week
okay well I hope you get better thank
you alright Jesse I got some good news
you want to go to school today
no not moose time it's computer time cuz
you have to do an online class motion oh
no no you do online school because
school is canceled for two months so the
teacher sent me an email so you have to
do an online class for the teacher but
no moose time comes after computer time
a new computer and we're gonna do the
school all right no moose is looking
what I call the teacher okay all right
Jeff be it's calling you're about to do
online school oh hello you must be
Jeffy's online teacher yes
I'm teaching for 55 years a whole bunch
of young men okay well uh this is my son
Jeff me say hi Jeffy
okay so what do you want Mario yeah that
is crazy look I need help me fix my
marriage wait what's wrong with your
marriage my wife wants to leave me
because she thinks I'm cheating on her
with an 80 year old woman I'm not
cheating on her with a old woman take my
iPhone back why would I be
because you know they still have some
life left in them you know they lead
some loving to Chevy look look no I need
you to fix my marriage so I need you to
cook like a really fancy dinner like you
get us do like a fancy restaurant
tonight
well all the restaurants are closed
tonight but I think we could break into
one not going up for you okay so we'll
break into a restaurant and Jeff a gang
okay look I need you to go blindfold
mommy and bring her to the date tonight
so you can save our marriage because
mommy wants to leave me already I can do
that okay are you doing here Oh baby I
planned this whole day is an apology
dinner she's nasty
she's now see every but she's nasty but
you know chef peepee were right order
hey hey you two lovebirds doing we are
not lovebirds because I'm not an old
grandma bird okay then what are we
eating tonight well we would like
- orders of the chicken I don't know
okay so Walmart you pick up that plate I
will pick up this one we take it in
[Music]
where's my food
oh I'm not selfish is when all my food
is Jeffy threw it on the ground he's
such a savage many so savage you guys
can share this plate though you know you
can do the lady in the thing where
you suck on a Newland - you kiss I would
not do that
look have a blast guys what in the note
I said me you go babe shot the old lady
and I can prove you that I don't know
where she is she would have done that
with anyone any guy she would know about
- really yes you do you do with Chevy
Chevy get in here huh what do you want
Mario okay I need you go back to the
house I need you to video chat that old
lady until she gets naked okay I'm down
really yeah
okay with me okay look I came here
tonight to apologize because I actually
didn't really see you guys there wrong
rink to Jeffy's on Rhine crash what you
sent me the wrong link yes I
accidentally got my school folder
confused with my naughty old lady
livecam folder so you guys got to
already sister so you sent me that link
well on accident right yeah do you like
Mike Oh Mario I'm so sorry I didn't
believe you but do you rike see baby you
should start trusting why I don't like
old ladies you're right Mario I'm sorry
but do you right no no I do not right oh
I'm sorry I said you too right reek but
I gotta get back to the hospital because
I snuck out of quarantine I'll see you
later okay see baby I was told the truth
I'm so sorry that I didn't trust you
Mario I know you shouldn't think imma
cheat on you with an 80 year old woman
you're right it was just some
miscommunication no it wasn't it was you
assuming okay you should like old ladies
you're right I'm gonna trust you from
now on
Oh from now on what made you not trust
me before that's a good question um hey
mommy hey Danny are you two back
together yeah yes Jeffy I love Mario
good boy
the hippos Jeffy no not your emotions
only be a purple one with yellow
[Music]