junior junior junior I need you out of
the house for the whole weekend now go
I'm a kid where am I supposed to go wait
you're not 18 yet oh that makes sense
cuz your ass would have been out of my
house by now why do you need me gone
because I got a lady friend over for the
weekend and we handling grown folks
business and you cannot be here wait who
is she oh she's a new mommy but you know
she calls me Daddy so she might be a new
sister I don't know where am I supposed
to go uh I got three tickets to Disney
World look you can take whoever you want
or any friend or whatever just you can't
be here I got to use this red couch and
I'm going to be back in 10 minutes okay
okay butt naked so get out okay I'll
leave I got three tickets to Disney
World I'm going to call my friends well
I only see two oh there's the three I'm
going to call my friends hey Junior you
sounded really excited on the phone yeah
dude what's going on what if I told you
guys I have three tickets to do
something so cool this weekend it'll
make this summer the best summer ever
ooh we going to Universal Studios close
Australia not close at all a cruise no
look guys I got three tickets to Disney
World oh gay how's that gay Cody we've
been to Disney like a million times yeah
Disney's for little kids dude let's go
to Universal Studios where the roller
coasters are yeah roller coasters are
cool Disney World has roller coasters
they have the Rock and roller coaster
okay they have one decent roller coaster
what about Space Mountain and break my
neck no thank you okay they just opened
up Tron okay Tron doesn't go upside down
you know what does go upside down
velocci coaster oh dude in The
Incredible Hulk ride yeah and Harry
Potter I could get some butterbeer and
Hogs me come on guys we're going to
Disney World it's three tickets let's
just go no I think I'm going to stay
here yeah dude I'm going to go to the
park wait you'd rather go to the park
than Disney World yeah I don't want to
wait in line for 3 hours to be
disappointed well guys listen let's just
go to Disney World it's just for the
weekend it'll be really fun and we can
go to Universal like next month nah I
think I'm going to stay here guys we
have to hurry up and go my dad's about
to be naked on this couch I'm sorry what
he said he's going to get naked and he's
going to be here so we got to go okay
I'm definitely staying now I want to
watch no guys if you're not going to
Disney World with me you got to go leave
oh man I wanted to see your dad's hog
you guys really AR going to Disney World
just like that what I have three tickets
to Disney World and they really just
won't go oh oh hell no I'm going to
invite some other friends I'm going to
find I'm going to find some other
friends you hear me I can't believe this
hey Junior you call me hey PJ cring Shaw
Jamie James cring Shaw pair of Jamie
cring Shaw yep that's my names what's up
I have three tickets to Disney World and
I want to know if you want to go with me
let me just check my schedule hey ladies
you got anything going on this weekend
no PJ well looks like we can go to
Disney World then let's go to Disney
World come on ladies we're going to
Disney World Y no no no no PJ you're
going to have to leave one of your girls
behind excuse me well I only have three
tickets to Disney World so if me you and
one girl goes you have to leave the
other girl behind one girl what if I get
bored well you're going to be at Disney
World with a girl and me you're not
going to be bored but what if I get
bored of that girl and I want a
different girl well just pick up a new
girl inside Disney World no no no no no
I have to bring both my girls okay well
what if you leave one behind and I do
whatever that other girl does to make
you happy believe me you don't want to
do what that other girl does come on
ladies let's go what no no no no oh why
doesn't anyone want to go to Disney with
me all right Junior your time's up but
Dad why don't you have pants on I told
you I got grown folks business to handle
now go to Disney now okay back up so I
can grab my tickets all right get that
thing away from me sorry I know it's out
M my cheese sticks are almost ready hey
Chef Pee you want to go to Disney World
with me no Junior I don't have any money
to buy any tickets okay I already have
the tickets I just want you to go with
me me shipi instead of your friends oh
my God I feel so honored well no I asked
my friends and they said no so I'm
asking you so I'm your second Choice
well actually you're my third choice cuz
I asked PJ cron he said no I'm your
third choice oh my God I can't believe
you Junior I don't even want to go now
well I want you to go come on I don't
feel special Junior you asked two people
before me and then I'm your third choice
what if I asked the girl to prom and
then she said no then I asked another
girl to prom she said no then I asked
you do you feel special no exactly I'm
the bronze medal in this situation
instead of gold I'm an Earthly girl why
doesn't anyone want to go with me you
know what I'm just going to go by
myself what woo I'm at Disney World hey
pal why you look so sad you're at the
happiest place on Earth well Mickey
Mouse my friends wouldn't go to Disney
World with me why not because they said
it's gay they said what take me to her
right now oh okay I'll take you come on
oh come on come on it's everywhere Hey
Dad I know you wanted me gone the whole
weekend but I'm back early oh I really
only needed 5 minutes she was already
gone I blocked her and I almost got all
the stains out of the couch you're
welcome but I would warn you if you
smell a fish you smell again oh spray
some for Breeze God she's fishy oh who
was that that was my dad he bought me
the Disney tickets oh thank you for your
business sir Now where's your ungrateful
friends uh well they're at their house
you want me to invite them over yeah I
want to speak to them okay let me call
them hey dude you call yeah I thought
you supposed to be in Disney wait what's
that smell have you been eating Red
Lobster in here yeah I smell catfish
dude oh hey Mickey Mouse what Mickey
Mouse are you the little [ __ ] that
called my Park gay kind of ow well it is
yeah it's for little kids dude oh yeah
it's it for little kids dude why do you
have a knife Mickey Put The Knife Down
Mickey you said you just wanted to talk
to him this is how I talk well guys
Mickey's just really mad that you guys
didn't want to go to Disney with me yeah
why didn't you want to go to Disney huh
why did you want to go to Disney well
because Universal Studios is better what
does Universal Studios have that Disney
doesn't have velocci coaster veloca
coaster scoll veloca coaster and the
Incredible Hulk all right that one's
pretty good and Harry Potter Harry
Potter Harry Potter you look like Harry
Potter I was in one
video Junior help me before he puts a
mouse tool up my ass oh Mickey just calm
down all right guys look let's just try
to calm Mickey down what do you want
Mickey I just want to know why the
velocci coaster is so much better than
Disney well it goes upside down the Rock
and roller coaster goes upside down yeah
but like three times velocci coaster
goes upside down like nine times oh so
you like going upside down yeah yeah
yeah it's cool okay I'll show you upside
down goofy get in
here hey Mickey sorry I'm late some kid
bit me at a photo shoot so I ate him oh
good goofy but next time you're late I'm
going to make sure that your kneecaps
are on the back side of your legs Oh
Mickey you ain't going to do [ __ ] goofy
don't embarrass me in front of these
people well how about you stop staring
at me with your [ __ ] Pacman ass and
tell me what's going on oh well our new
friends here think that Universal
Studios it's better the Disney World
that's it a middle finger that's all you
got well what do you want me to do
Mickey eat them I'm not hungry anymore
these people think that the velocci
coaster is better than all of Disney
World I want you to scare them or
something well Mickey the velocci
coaster is pretty cool I mean it goes
upside down the Rock and roller coaster
goes upside down I'll kill you calm down
listen goofy why don't you tell these
kids about your special upside down ride
ooh okay yeah oh oh but I you don't know
if they're tall enough for your upside
down ride well it doesn't matter yeah
you kids like going upside down so how
about how about you go follow Goofy and
he'll take you to his special upside
down Ride Pass yeah kids Let's Take a
Ride well I like Disney World so only
those two are riding so go yeah he's
cool so how are you enjoying your ride
kids since you like being upside down so
much how's this for upside down okay
Mickey I think you proved a point no
they need to suffer go show them what
the name of the ride is this is the
incredible ghook and this is going to be
you little [ __ ] [ __ ]
die come on goofy now do them next here
I go ch ch ch ch ch ch chill chill no no
no goofy don't do it well get out of my
way you want some no no no wouldn't it
be cooler to hit them with a hammer oh
good thinking little buddy yeah the
Hammers are upstairs okay and Mickey you
should grab a hammer too oh great
thinking two hammers is way better than
one yeah um all right guys I'm going to
call the cops and I'm I'm going to get
some
help well gor Mickey I don't see a
hammer but I found an axe oh nice goofy
I guess nobody saw that coming oh you
hear that Goofy looks like we have
visitors let's go chop it up with them
oh boy hello hey you call the cops yeah
yeah Mickey Mouse and Goofy are in my
house trying to kill my friends yeah
sure they are listen kid you're not
supposed to call the cops cuz you had a
bad dream maybe talk to your parents no
it's not a bad dream it's real life
they're upstairs grabbing weapons right
now okay I'm going to go take care of
real crimes let me know if a real crime
happens here no no my friends are tied
up just come inside you can see okay
I'll take a look look officer look oh my
God kid what'd you do to your friends I
didn't do this Mickey and Goofy did this
and what's this what are you going to TI
me up next no Mickey and Goofy are going
to kill my friends we got to do
something kid I'm going to have to place
you under arrest this is just sick oh hi
pal oh look he called the cuts we'll be
right down to talk come on goofy Jesus
you aren't lying no they're going to
kill us chinkies let's hide kid let's
hide in this closet okay close the door
close the door sh quiet kid we have to
not make any noise oh where' they go I
don't see them Mickey well we got to
find them before they call backup Yoo
the sooner you come out the sooner you
can feel the sweet release of death yeah
we're not going to hurt you we're just
going to kill you come on goofy let's
look for him okay Micky come out come
out wherever you are when we find them
I'm going to cut their hands off oh I'm
going to make them s their own feet off
shh kid they're right outside the
door I got to get past this level I keep
getting two stars and it's pissing me
off goofy do you hear Angry Birds they
sure do
Mickey aha there they are goofy start S
your feet off I don't have feet well you
you start thr your feet off oh boy
gotcha Mickey oh G you guys all right
there oh my God s you saved Our Lives
how do you know where to find us I heard
it over your radio mate then I brought
my old tranquilizer oh well put these
two in handcuffs I'm going to go free
those other kids all right I'm on it
come on kids you're safe now are you
kids okay they Tred to kill us yeah all
because we said Universal is better than
Disney well I mean I agree with that
they do have more roller coasters
exactly so Mickey Mouse is going to jail
right oh no we're not technically
allowed to arrest Mickey Mouse well why
not I mean the law doesn't really apply
to him he he's Mickey Mouse you know I
mean we're just allowed to tranquilize
him and take him back to Disney World
why why can't you arrest him though I
mean he's Mickey Mouse man he bought
Star Wars cuz he was bored and then he
bought Marvel cuz he was bored again I
mean he made Disney plus just cuz he
wanted even more money than he already
had oh so Mickey Mouse could come back
and hurt us if he wants to yeah if he
wants to but if he does don't call
me you guys want to go to Six Flags
[Music]
oh