Junior your cheeseburgers
ready my cheeseburgers ready yeah your
cheeseburger ready so eat it already
stupid did you make anything for diny
the dinosaur no I didn't make anything
for diny the dinosaur he's a puppet he's
hungry I don't care if he's hungry feed
him imaginary snacks or something you
hear that dying the dining store shef
didn't make anything to
eat I'm still going to eat your
cheeseburg stop it that's your meal
that's your cheeseburger I'm not
controlling him he's doing it on his own
yes you are controlling himself love it
stop it Jor oh man Chef people you're
going to have to make me another
cheeseburger since diny ate it I'm not
making another cheeseburger that's all
on you that's your fault there's someone
at the door sh baby will you open it
okay
hello hello there's no one
here free kid I want a free kid shfp
shfp God I hate junior oh he's coming in
my kitchen making a big mess oh I can't
stand him hey shfp there was a box
outside that said free kitten on it no
Junior no no no no more bits you already
have your dining the dinosaur that's
your pet remember oh oh don't forget
about your tarantula and your dog well I
don't have a cat yet and let's look at
the cat we might like
him oh good at the Kiki oh no no I
already know that cat has rabies or fine
a well he doesn't have that oh feel how
soft he is come pet him Chef I'm not
petting that little cat oh it's soft
come pet him mm- I don't trust it come
on pet him okay
one get
he didn't mean it you scared him I
didn't scare him he jumped on me look
get him out of here I'm him oh okay come
come let's go let's go sorry about that
Kiki Chef pipi's just really upset cuz
he's almost 40 and he hasn't done
anything with his life it's true okay we
need to think of a name for you hm how
about fuzz Aldren or Leonardo
diatri or John F
Kitt or puffball Jenkins the
thir I don't know what I did what I do
what I do get off get off me get me oh
Jesus who's at the door stay right here
puffball the third hello what's up dude
Jesus jior what happened to your face oh
your mom just came over she's really
kinky oh no really what happened to your
face your mom just left she did this to
my face she's really kinky dud can I
have a number what guys really what
happened to your face well someone left
the cat at my door so I decided to keep
him you want to come meet him I don't
think I do now that I've seen what he
did to your face oh the cat didn't do
this in my face it was your mom that did
this okay that's it I'm leaving no no no
no no no it was the cat guys come look
at the cat okay dude okay guys I want
you to meet puff ball Jenkins the third
puff ball Jenkins the third why is he
the third cuz he's the third puffball
Jenkins but what happened to the first
two puffball jenkinses they don't exist
then why is he the third well there's a
Shrek the Third that doesn't mean
there's two people named Shrek before
Shrek no it Shrek the Third cuz it's the
third movie not because he okay look it
doesn't matter you guys want to pet him
he's the nicest kitty cat ever no I
don't want to pet him he just tried to
bite you no we're just playing around
come on Cody pet the cat I want to pet
pet the kitty cat pet the kitty cat got
get him off me get him off me he likes
you he doesn't like me get him off me
come on puff ball Jenkins Cody just
doesn't like kitty cats you're a really
goodi your stupid cat scratched the crap
out of me would oh God he scratched my
abs my beautiful ABS Junior this cat
needs to die maybe it's because you're a
nerd dude yeah maybe he doesn't like
people with fat moms yeah your fat mom's
the reason come on Joseph pet the key
cat okay I'll pet stupid
cat I
didn't Jenkins my friends just don't
like cat you don't have to see them ever
again or your your stupid cat doesn't
like black people he's racist get rid of
your stupid cat right now dude guys
you're being too mean to puff ball jig
he wouldn't Hur a
fly okay stop it stop it right now
Junior I think we need to take this cat
to the vet and have them put him down
put him put him down but but he deserves
to live okay die die die today he need
to die right now go to the vet right now
come on come on come on hey there what
brings you to the vet today I want to
put my cat to sleep oh poor little guy
is he sick or something ow okay I can
see why you want to put him down he's an
[ __ ] do you think you can do it oh
can I do it I'll do it with a smile on
my face I do this kind of thing all the
time see this this is called night night
juice I just give him some of that and
he goes to sleep forever is it going to
hurt I don't know he's a cat it's not
like he's going to tell me I mean I'm
sure it's not great so it just looks
like he's going to sleep um I don't
really want to commit to that cuz I mean
like the last family that came in with
their dog the little girl asked me is he
going to close his eyes when he goes to
sleep and I said of course he will
princess and then I killed him and the
dog's eyes were wide open just staring
right into a soul like he knows what she
did and then I covered up my mouth and I
said you did this to me and then she
started crying was sick yeah she's going
to have nightmares for sure oh look at
that licking himself God I wish I could
do that I never would have gotten
married anyway you want to hold him down
hold him down yeah he's going to fight
uh no I knew you were a wuss Nurse
Jackie yes doctor we got another one oh
okay I got him oh hold still little guy
oh my God he's a fighter he's a fighter
oh get him
he got me oh oh oh oh
oh yeah yeah take that you stupid cat
yeah you dead how you like that poor
puffball poor puffball poor me scratched
the crap out of me and my nurse is dead
I got to tell her family about this it's
going to suck [ __ ] anyway you want me to
cremate this thing I'm going to cremate
this
thing all right here's turdball or
whatever the hell it's name was what's
that it's its ashes I put it in the
incinerator the inator yeah I just
wanted to make sure it was done you know
it's not coming back okay well thanks
doctor or vet what do I call you you can
call me anything just don't call me late
for dinner HH okay okay you're too
you're too young for that one it's all
right what is that it's the ashes of
puffball Jenkins the third oh Goody's
dead yeah racist cat you did the right
thing Junior I did yeah I mean he was
feral and he probably had rabies or
something yeah he was definitely racist
oh I just I'm just really sad so what do
you want to do today put NEOS sporin on
my wounds yeah probably going to see a
therapist about this hate crime oh
someone's at the door hold on guys let
me go answer it
hello P J is the third I thought you
were
dead guys what's going on junior P J is
try to kill us wa what P ja the third
just came back to kill us dude he's dead
his ashes are right here yeah junior he
was cremated he can't come back oh my
God he can come
back these cookies look delicious a
there a cat with a knife trying to kill
us Junior I told you to get rid of that
stupid
cat he has a
knife J why is the cat in the oven I
wasn't trying to make low man we're
trying to kill him I'm going to put it
on high heat to make sure we burn him no
you're going to burn the cookies sry
Cody he's trying to escape I'm sorry
chef peipi but I have to make sure he's
[Applause]
dead you guys think he's dead well he
should be you had it on high heat let's
check on him
oh yeah he's dead not my chocolate choke
cookies it's all your fault what Chef
peipi that cat was going to kill us yeah
he was going to kill us Chef Pee for my
chocolate CH cookies listen Chef peipi
they don't look any different than when
you usually make them what Junior come
on guys let's go well guys we just
killed a cat and we didn't even get to
eat him dude that sucks Cody that cat
came back to life no Junior that's
impossible the cat did not come back to
life I saw the vet put him to sleep no I
think what happened is the vet probably
just knocked him out and then gave you a
bag of sugar or something it's said it
was the cat's ashes so the vet didn't
kill the cat no I think he didn't have
the heart to kill him but dude cats have
nine lives that's just a myth
Joseph oh my God oh my God it's not AIT
the cat is
backun oh man almost done with the
laundry sh babbe the cat's back he's
trying to kill us no he's not look the
cat is dead I saw him die
myself not dead go with the washer
was I'm going to drown him oh he's
drowning tonight all right your stupid
cat is going to drown now tell me how
the cat is still alive well apparently
cats have nine lives and we killed it
twice already well three times now so
you got to kill it six more times yeah
it looks like it oh that's not my
problem Cody how are we going to kill
this cat six more times um well how
about whenever the washer is done we
just take it out and put it in the dryer
that'll mess it up okay let's do that
okay guys the washer just stopped let's
see if he's
dead oh yeah he's dead that's what I
call a wet [ __ ] cat H you know what I'm
impressed with Joseph this whole time a
cat's been trying to kill us and you
haven't ran away and said I'm out of
here dude you're right I'm out of here
dude a Joseph so Cody we still have to
kill this cat six more times well the
dryer is open and ready that should burn
him up so why is the cat trying to kill
us well probably because you tried to
put him to sleep oh he's back alive he's
back alive put him in the dve put the go
turn the drve turn the Dr okay Junior
he's been in there for about 15 minutes
he's definitely dead okay good but we
still have to kill him five more times
well how about every time he comes back
to life we just turn on the dryer again
and again and again he'll keep dying no
no no that's that's not going to work I
think it has to be a new way every time
where'd you hear that from I it would uh
it would just be cooler oh hey look the
dryer's done oh is he dead yeah it looks
like he's pretty dead oh yeah he's dead
so so how we going to kill him now uh oh
I have an idea grab him and follow me
okay okay Junior put him right there how
are we going to kill him well whenever
he comes back to life I'm going to drop
this bowling ball on him from up there
oh wow that's definitely going to kill
him yeah it will okay let's do it what
about that cat oh she's nice don't worry
about her okay okay Junior now we just
have to wait for him to come back to
life and we'll drop the ball on him okay
he's awake drop it drop it drop drop it
drop okay yeah oh man you hear that yeah
that Splat oh yeah he's so dead oh yeah
he's so dead all right Cody how are we
going to kill him next okay grab him and
then bring him out to the road
[Music]
okay beamed him he's road kill now so
how many more times you have to kill him
just three oh I have an idea okay all
right Junior throw him in the bathtub
okay okay now whenever he comes back to
life I'm going to throw this toaster in
there and electrocute him okay here we
[Music]
go okay he's dead now we only have to
kill him two more times yeah get him
let's bring him to the couch okay well I
can't I can't grab him because then I'll
get electroc oh hold on me pull this
out oh this isn't safe at all
okay I'm going grab okay Junior you get
any ideas I thought you had ideas I
already thought of four ways to kill
this thing I I I can't think of anymore
well I thought of three I put them in
the oven and I put them in the washing
machine and and and and and and the vet
yeah well I'm going to need some help
cuz I'm out of ideas um H I got an idea
what if we put them in a car and then
put a brick on the gas pedal so the car
crashes and blows up that's kind of like
running them over it's too similar yeah
uh oh what if we dropped a piano on them
like in a cartoon well that's kind of
like the bowling ball idea yeah you're
right um ooh I got an idea what if we
put him in an airplane and it crashes
well that's kind of hard to arrange or
what if we push him into a volcano but
where's the nearest volcano like Hawaii
what if we make a volcano what like a
science fair oh God Junior he's coming
back to life we have to figure this out
let's call the cops they love to kill
things okay yeah okay hey there someone
call the cops wait wait a minute I
killed that thing he came back to life
what he came back oh my God that's
terrifying yeah we have to kill him nine
times cuz he's a cat yeah we already
killed him seven oh so you just need to
kill him two more times oh yeah I did
that math in my head I came out with the
same answer oh okay I didn't know we
were going to be smart asses about it
then I guess I just won't help you oh no
I need you to kill this thing well come
on I'm a cop we don't just kill things
for no reason I'm just kidding of course
we do but I don't actually have my gun
but I do have my partner Lieutenant
cuddlesworth him Lieutenant
cworth he's dead okay we helped come on
Lieutenant C's worth all right Junior we
just need to kill him one more time I'm
going to go grab a hammer ooh now Junior
he's w up all right I'm about to bop him
on the head bye-bye py
chat stop stop that's my cat the devil
what are you doing here that is my cat
his name is Lucifer you you get it cuz
cats have fur and it's my cat and I'm
the devil I get it uhhuh wait wait so so
if this is your cat then why was it left
at my front door in a box that said free
kitten oh it was my stupid ex-girlfriend
we got in a fight and she said she would
give away my cat G well okay so you can
take your cat back but we we killed him
eight times yeah I I know and thanks a
lot I was expecting for him to live for
at least 1 thousand years but now he
only has one life left well I'm going
say goodbye goodbye puffball Jenkins the
third okay Le get out of here
[Music]