oh man I can't wait for Cody to get here
we're gonna have a movie night hey Jenny
oh hey Cody are you ready to watch
Sharkboy and Lava Girl am I ready to
watch Sharkboy and Lava Girl of course I
am it's a cinematic Masterpiece I know
it was way before its time it deserves
an Oscar yeah people just don't know
good movies so let's watch it well
Junior on the way over here I found this
phone on the ground you found a phone on
the ground yeah and it's unlocked and it
has a picture of like something on it I
don't know that's really weird so you
don't know whose phone that is no we
should do some prank calls with it
because if we call people from that
phone they won't know it's us they'll
okay let's let's prank call Joseph
because Joseph doesn't have parents so
we should pretend to be his long lost
grandparents that are super rich and
that we want to take care of them yeah I
like it it's so mean but I wouldn't do
it let's do it let's do it all right
Cody I'm calling Joseph oh let me hear
Let me sharp it's ring uh hello oh hey
is this Joseph yeah who is this
um this is your long lost grandpappy
Leviticus Seymour paintings
oh you sure do you have a grandma too
hey hey it's your grandma uh Eleanor
saggy bags bacon wow I really have
grandparents I never thought I would
have great bears but now I have them
yeah we're your grandparents and we're
super rich and we did a DNA test and
you're our only grandchild so we'd love
to give you all our money and travel
around the world with you oh man this is
like a dream come true thank you Grandpa
Leviticus oh I would love to meet you
right now where are you uh we are uh at
your friend Junior's house oh wait wait
why are you at Junior's house uh because
uh we were driving around in our very
expensive limo looking for you because
we love you so much and and uh our limo
broke down in front of this kid Junior's
house oh okay that makes sense well I'm
coming over there right now stay there
because I never had family and I need to
meet you right now grandpa Leviticus
this is
oh we're not going anywhere we'll see
you in a minute bye
who Joseph thinks he has grandparents
that actually care about him you know he
seemed really excited that's part of the
prank Cody he believes it well he's
gonna be really sad when he finds out we
were lying no it just means that we're
really good pranksters and then that's
how good the prank is there he is
hello hey guys where are my grandparents
at where's your grandparents at yeah
dude I finally have grandparents now
every night and think about ending it
all and I finally was gonna do it
tonight was gonna be tonight oh I'm so
tired of being lonely but now I have
something to live for and that's my
grandparents where are they oh I feel
bad me too I think we should just tell
him it's a prank and that we're sorry
um Joseph what if this whole
grandparents thing was just a big prank
prank I would just kill everybody
well it's not a prank we just saw your
grandparents right Cody yeah yeah we did
yeah we just saw him oh where are they
well they pulled their limo up in front
of the neighbor's house and then when
they were walking across the neighbor's
yard the neighbor shot him what why
would he do it the neighbor thought your
grandparents were robber so he shot him
what hospital are they in I need to see
him right now oh no no in the hospital
the neighbor shot him with a
flamethrower so it disintegrated your
grandparents into a million pieces oh
I'm a keeper what did the cops showed up
and shot the guy's flamethrower and it
blew up so he blew up into a million
pieces too oh
well the neighbor's family that they
moved out of that house when they saw
him die they sold their house
immediately because they didn't want to
remember the house for that so they
moved to Antarctica
um well at least my grandparents left me
all their money oh the news just keeps
getting worse and worse Joseph what as
your grandparents are burning alive they
screamed out we took every dollar bill
in cash that we were going to give
Joseph and put it in the trunk of the
limo and then the neighbor shot the limo
with the flamethrower so all the money
blurred up and exploded
there's so much fire in this story I
know well is it
is it oh well the news crew showed up
and the guy shot the news crew with the
with the flamethrower and their cameras
burned up so there's no footage of this
even happened yeah yeah that guy was a
real Maniac he burned a lot of things in
a lot of people yeah
well Joseph stuff like this happens
every day no it doesn't well look Joseph
look me and Cody found
and we've been prank calling people you
want to go make some prank calls that'll
cheer you up I guess so yeah come on
buddy so Joseph who do you want to prank
call first I don't know dude I'm sad
cheer up Joseph why don't you prank call
Chef Pee Pee that'd be funny you could
act like you're a Nigerian prince and
you need money why cause I'm black oh
you make everything about that um how
about you prank call and act like you're
asking for his card extended warranty
ooh you could call and ask if he has 10
pound balls it's not only funny if it's
a bowling lanes what no I just want to
know how big his ball sack is we should
let Joseph decide because he's the one
that's sad I just do the Nigerian prison
dude it's gonna be really funny
okay guys this is Ricky you gotta stop
crying Joseph it's not gonna be funny
hello hello
[Music]
I told you to stop
calling one like thing please stop
crying
it's not you it's me it's not that I
didn't like it or anything I'm just more
to girls you know I'm trying to find
myself okay look you did look good in
that cowboy hat I'm not gonna lie maybe
I can come see you again maybe a spark
will happen yeah you know what screw it
I'm coming to see you tonight at 10
it'll be like last time oh pound town in
Brownstown okay okay bye tight cheeks
Joseph what was that you didn't even
talk you just cried the whole time I
don't know he was calling me Todd I
don't know what's going on dude I'm just
gonna leave but there's someone at the
door we'll walk you out Joseph hello hey
there is Joseph here who are you my name
is Leviticus Seymour Pickens and I'm
Eleanor thank you bags pink what the
hell they're real who are these clowns
we're your grandparents and we want to
take you around the world and give you
lots of money Joseph these are your
grandparents oh I get what's going on
here you felt so bad for me that my
grandparents died that you hired these
clowns to pretend to be them no no no no
Joseph these are your real grandparents
they're your real grandparents yup yup
that's right no they're not my real
grandparents dude look I gotta get over
this I appreciate you helping me trying
to mourn this situation but I got a
mourn on my own this isn't helping one
of those these are your real
grandparents like your grandparents
aren't dead those are your real
grandparents okay dude now you're making
me feel real bad dude they're already
dead you don't have to rub it in Joseph
what's wrong with him he's just so
excited to see you guys so come inside
and we'll figure it out yeah okay with
Joseph Joseph you have to listen to me
these are your grandparents no they're
not you're
not parents died
parents didn't really get burned up by a
flamethrower shut up four eyes you don't
know what you're talking about Julia
would never lie to me he's my best
friend isn't that right dude but I would
lie to you I lie to you all the time and
these are your grandparents that's not a
lie you don't have to lie to me to make
me feel better now Joseph now Joseph
listen here son now listen here we are
your grandparents and we just want to
spend a bunch of money on you before we
die yeah that's right baby because we
don't know how much longer we got left
and we want to spend our final days with
our grandbaby yep we just want to get
you whatever you want you see that Pearl
neck is your grandma wearing I got that
for today in between you and me that's
the second Pro necklace I got here today
yep she a freak she freaking get away
from me strangers before I call the
police that's it like Cody the police
what if we call the police and the
police will tell them that the
flamethrower thing never happened yeah
good thinking Junior I'll go call the
police and and then I'm gonna poop so if
I'm not in the next few scenes that's
why okay uh Jonathan yeah we're gonna
call the cops yeah you better hey there
you call the cops oh yeah I need your
help
[Music]
um
I can tell what well there's no way
you're going to take on all these people
in basketball by yourself you're gonna
need my help hold on we'll be skins oh
you're going down you never played
basketball against me pass me the rock
we're not playing basketball well why
couldn't you have told me that before I
unbuttoned my shirt and my nipples are
going to get all cold I'm going to get
diamond hard feel them I'm not gonna
film I need your help so I prank called
my friend and I told him his
grandparents got killed by a
flamethrower why the hell would you do
that well anyway his real grandparents
showed up and he doesn't believe that
those are his grandparents because he
thinks they're dead so can you tell them
that nobody died by a flamethrower today
why don't you just tell him that you're
a liar I did he won't believe me you got
to tell him okay fine hey kid what do
you want from me you stupid Pig okay
screw you then no no no tell him no he
was mean to me no please tell him okay
fine hey kid
be the bigger man be the bigger man that
Hat's dumb it's a dumb hat you look
stupid in that hat damn it I'm sorry I
was trying to be mature uh tell him look
look your grandparents aren't really
dead what really no there was no
flamethrower I mean I'm pretty sure that
would have been on the news it would
have been a big deal but Julia said that
the the news people got hit by the
flamethrower really did you tell the
truth look no that didn't happen either
okay there's more than one group of news
people you would have heard about it oh
I see what's going on Julia you hired
this crooked caught the lie to me but
crooked cop I got scoliosis hold on
let's stand up straighta there we go no
I did not pay the cop to lie to you you
can't even do that well yeah they do it
all the time dude yeah it's true people
pay me to lie all the time and I've
planted a lot of evidence what can we do
to make them believe it oh how about
this how about I change into my doctor
outfit and then I give him a DNA test
he's got to believe that oh yeah give
you an a test okay I'm gonna go change
in my doctor outfit okay all right I got
my doctor outfit on all right Joseph
we're gonna do a DNA test to prove to
you that they are your grandparents oh
what a waste of time they're not my
grandparents yes they are listen to the
doctor yeah wait aren't you that police
officer that lied to me a second ago
yeah well aren't you gonna lie to me
about the DNA test results all right
look I give up these people are not your
real grandparents your real grandparents
are dead Tell Me Something I Don't Know
hold on Joseph hold on we just wanted to
be good grandparents and be in your life
and buy you a bunch of stuff but it's
obvious now that you don't want that so
let's go baby we'll always love you baby
all right I'm gonna walk them to the car
you know since they're old they God
those posers are gone but Joseph those
were your real grandparents look I'm
tired of you liming to me dude I'm out
of here we're gonna come back Joseph hey
you guys want to play some basketball
I'm out of here dude Joseph please don't
leave no I'm out of here dude I'm tired
of this first my grandparents die and
then you hire fake grandparents to make
fun of me what's that screaming
you're not listening to me oh I am I'm
sorry all this happened because I lied
to you and I promise I'll never lie to
you again I want to be a good friend for
you okay dude I accept your apology
there with a flamethrower he just burned
up those old people they deserve it
losers oh my gosh the limo just exploded
there's burning money everywhere oh good
the news is here oh no oh my God not
good news they're all on fire this is
home horrible is it is that a for sale
sign in your neighbor's yard that fast
who could sell a house at a time like
this and but there's a buyer already and
a U-Haul truck
oh good the police are here oh my God
they just shot the guy with the
flamethrower and now he's on fire
there's so much fire happening in your
front yard let's get out of here yeah
dude oh the humidity
man I was backed up Todd where are you I
even have a cowboy hat who's Todd oh I
guess he's my ex now I I can be your
rebound Chef peepee
[Music]
thank you
[Music]