okay penel what movie do you want to
watch hold on Junior Toby sherbet just
released a new song I have to listen to
it who's Toby sherbet you don't know who
Toby sherbet is it sounds like a dessert
he'd be my dessert if I ever met him
look how hot he is he looks like every
tick tock douche and he's British what
does he do he's a singer Junior and his
last album went triple cheeseburger it
went triple cheeseburger certified paper
plate that means he's a really good
singer I know Junior do you want to
watch the new music video together I
haven't seen it yet I think I'd rather
Christmas tree ornament myself come on
Junior please just the first 10 seconds
okay 10 seconds if I don't like it I'm
turning it off
[Music]
yay I love you yeah girl I love you and
I need you to hold me close to your
chest tonight come to my show and I'll
put you front
and I'll bring you backstage so you show
me how good enough hey Junior I was
watching that you said I could turn it
off after 10 seconds if I didn't like it
and I didn't like it well why didn't you
like it Junior his voice is so nasy and
British and I can't understand what he
saying like speak English he is speaking
English no he's speaking British like I
can't understand him I hate it Junior
are you jealous why would I be jealous
of a British person they drive on the
wrong side of the road you don't even
know how to drive if I did know how to
drive I would drive on the right side of
the road not the left well I think he's
hot and I really hope I get to go to a
concert one day well hopefully he dies
before then what oh hold on Junior my
phone's ringing it's my dad hello hey
Penelope I need you to come outside what
you just dropped me off yeah but I ran
over a cat on my way out of the
neighborhood but I didn't know what it
was so I backed up and accidentally ran
it over again so then I panicked and
drove off and I ran it over a third time
but then I felt bad so I circled back
around but I forgot where it was on the
road so I ran it over again so long
story short I got a cat pancake Tak in
my trunk and I need you to help me take
him to the vet well aren't you a
veterinarian yeah but his organs are all
over the place and I don't want to get
blood on me so I need you to hold the
bucket e no I don't want to do that
outside now okay fine Junior I have to
go my dad's outside you just got here I
know but I have to go it's a long story
bye hey Junior what's up dude oh hey
guys what are you doing here we just
came to hang out yeah you know my life's
boring bro we saw pel be leaving yeah
she had to leave early oo my little
premature homeboy 2 seconds and D give
me some play give me some play dad had
to come get her what's wrong Junior you
seem sad yeah what a long face buddy
well Penelope just told me she thinks
this other guy's hot what what the hell
oh no not my homeboy now she cheating on
you uhuh kick her to the Cur she for the
streets yeah Junior if she likes another
guy you should probably just break up
that's what I'm thinking I have to break
up with her cuz she thinks this other
guy's hot and she wants to eat them for
dessert well damn Junior who's the other
guy Toby sherbet Toby sheret you mean
the celebrity Toby sherbet yeah but
Junior that doesn't count everybody has
a celebrity crush yeah but she thinks
he's hot and she wants to bang him but
that's just a fantasy Junior it's not
realistic I mean she's probably never
even going to meet him and even if she
did he wouldn't want to be with her
she's just a normal girl he'd want to be
with another celebrity oh I guess you're
right Cody it is unrealistic it's just a
fantasy yeah like how my fantasy is to
be with margar Robbie right exactly it's
not going to happen yeah I mean unless I
met her but it's probably not going to
happen no if I met her I'd have like a
1% chance to bang her not even 1% and
maybe if I asked nicely nope not even
then maybe if I just told her all the
things I want to do to her no probably
not well then like what if I was like
sick like what if I had cancer and I was
make a wish and I wanted to to bang her
well I don't think make a wish does that
and I don't think she'd want to well I'm
a sick kid she has to say yes well
you're a kid and that's the bigger
problem oh okay what if I was a sick
adult well then it's just creepy well I
just want her to know like if she's
watching right now what I would do she's
not but what if she was I don't think
she ever will okay for the record Margo
Robbie I'd do everything to her we know
buddy well I guess you're right Cody you
made me feel better because penel is
never going to meet him and even if she
did meet him he wouldn't want her yeah
exactly thanks Cody you made me feel
better yeah oh my God Junior guess what
what my dad got me an early Christmas
present it's a cameo from Toby sherbet a
cameo yes he wants me to watch it right
now will you watch it with me I guess oh
my God and I love you oh I didn't know
his thing was filming yet hello Penelope
my name's Toby sheret and I just want to
say that you got one awesome dad for
buying you this cameo in fact he told me
that he had an awesome daughter so I
loot you up on Facebook and printed out
this picture and holy [ __ ] you have some
beautiful lips I would love to feel them
so you know what I'm going to do I'm
going to go ahead and give you front row
tickets to my show tonight in fact I'm
going to give you a meet and greet
before so I hope you're as excited for
my meat and greed as I am I'm going to
go ahead and kiss your photo now oh my
God oh my God junior junior he's kissing
me we go ahead and use some tongue yeah
Junior I think I'd be [ __ ] worried
well you're not going to that stupid
concert meet and greet Junior do not do
this to me right now this is the best
day of my life hey Penelope I actually
did hit a cat so I still need your help
oh okay damn bro rip rip to your heart
my [ __ ] cuz man your girl about to get
ran through Cody why is this happening
you said he was a celebrity and he
wouldn't like my girlfriend well I
didn't think he would Junior this is a
one in a million kind of thing I mean
maybe you should call up Margo Robbie
and see if you have any luck but why
does he like my average girlfriend well
I think maybe we're just overthinking
this maybe he's nice like that to all
his fans yeah he prints out photos of
all his fans and tongues them down and
make cameos about it well her dad did
pay for a cameos so maybe her dad told
him to do all that stuff yeah that's one
weird ass dad well look I'm just trying
to make junior feel better wait no no no
Cody's on to something maybe he offers
like some super VIP package where he
does all this yeah very important penis
she getting all that package too well no
no no no no listen listen listen maybe
he like you know all his fans are girls
right so maybe he does this to one girl
every year so that like you know the
girls think they have a chance with him
and it had to be your girl well well
does anyone know if if Toby has a
girlfriend yeah your girlfriend [ __ ]
what you mean no no no listen guys let's
listen to one of his songs and see what
kind of girls he's into like let's see
if this is all just an act you know if
you want to be disappointed bro make you
feel better yeah pelio was listening to
a song let's finish the song I love you
yeah girl I love you and I need you to
hold me close to your chest tonight come
to my show and I'll put you front row
and I'll bring you backstage so you can
show me how good you love have a meet
and greet so you greet my meat orange
hair girl that sounds so sweet yellow
glasses too let me see your feet oh you
got a boyfriend what are you cheat cuz I
love you vanel P I can't wait to see you
at the meet andry tonight I'll hug you
and you hug me and I'll put your hand
right there on my KN tonight oh junior
he just stole your girlfriend friend
yeah she's not yours anymore dude
consider them cheats clap he mentioned
her name in a song how can he do that
well the song came out today so I guess
he wrote the song after he saw her
picture in the Cameo he described
everything about her why does he like
her so much Cody we have to stop him
well you can't stop him junior he
already won yeah you got to let nature
take his course you're at the bottom of
the food chain buddy well what if I
record a song and it's better than his
oh we don't have time for that yeah just
don't do that dude yeah and have you
heard him he sounds like a British God
guys I can't believe this is happening
like guys guys maybe we're overthinking
it maybe he's singing about another girl
right I mean maybe I mean yeah cuz like
he he said Penelope but how many girls
on the planer named Penelope right
that's got to be like a million girls
named that yeah but he said red hair
it's pretty specific yeah he knew
exactly what he wanted to do to your
girl dude oh okay no no no guys guys
okay has he ever done something like
this before Google it hold on I'll look
him up on Wikipedia oh Junior there's a
whole section on his Wiki called
allegations that's all about him doing
this exact thing wait he's done it
before yeah a lot oh that boy don't quit
woohoo guys no we're going to stop him
how about this how about we cut the
brakes to his car so he can't make it to
the concert well he'll just get in
another car uh okay we got to think of
something Junior the
[Music]
news breaking news Toby sherbet concert
tonight is completely sold out he says
that he will be parachuting into the
venue the concert sold out so I can't
even buy tickets to try to go there and
stop him yeah but he's parachuting into
the venue that's cool he's so extra dude
wait a minute he's parachuting inside
the venue Cody can you please hack into
the parachute company server and get his
parachute sent to us well yeah of course
I can easy but why do you need his
parachute because I want to cut holes
into it you want to kill Toby sherbet no
I just want to cut really small holes
into it so he falls faster than he's
supposed to then when he lands on stage
he breaks his legs so he can't see
Penelope it's just going to be a bad day
for him that's all yeah he breaks his
legs he can't see penel come on Cody
okay as long as they're small hes really
small holes okay let just get through
the firewall crack the password and
there done what you already did it yeah
easy wait is that the parachute yeah of
course I'm not a [ __ ] amateur I'm
going to grab it okay guys we got the
parachute why does it say cancer free on
it maybe he's handing out free cancer at
his concert cuz his music is cancer for
your ears okay well just remember to cut
tiny holes I'm going to cut really tiny
holes Cody like microscopic holes you
won't even be able to see them and done
those are not tiny holes Junior those
are huge holes your mom has huge holes
damn boy flame his ass he's going to die
Junior he's not going to die you don't
know how a parachute works I know this
parachute is not going to work it's
going to work Cody look I'm going to
pack it up and it's going to work watch
okay okay guys I just shipped off the
parachute now let's sit back and wait
till we hear about something hold on my
phone's ringing hello oh my God Junior
I'm front r at the concert and Toby's
about to parachute on stage with a
cancer patient tell Toby to break a leg
wait did you say cancer patient yeah
it's like some make a wish thing but I
got to go
bye did I hear cancer
patient let's turn on the news breaking
news Grammy award-winning singer Toby
sherbet is going skydiving with a
10-year-old cancer patient as a make a
wish we have an interview with him now
I'm here with seven time Grammy
awardwinning artist Toby sherbet who is
going to be parachuting into his concert
with a 10-year-old can a patient
strapped to his chest Toby why would you
do something so selfless well you know
it was his make a wish to go sky diving
and to meet me so I figured why not kill
two birds with one stone or strap them
to my chest and Fly Right In the Venue
it's a dream come true incredible Now
Toby are you just doing this to distract
from the allegations of stealing
people's girlfriends uh my lawyer said I
shouldn't speak on that Hey Thomas let's
go skydiving I got a special year
parachute just for for you
we okay they're in the plane up in the
air and I will be commentating on the
entire event I'd first like to say that
Thomas is officially cancer free but he
doesn't know that yet so they put the
words cancer free on his parachute so
when it deploys he'll find out for the
first time just incredible oh here they
come they're jumping out of the plane
now oh it looks like they're having fun
up there and the parachute has the
deployed it says cancer free oh sweet
Jesus there appear to be holes in the
parachute who would do such a thing oh
God now they're Free Falling you can see
them screaming for their lives this is
just terrible all the
humanity oh God they've crashed onto the
stage Thomas and Toby's blood is all
over everyone in the front row how
traumatizing Thomas's parent were there
he beat cancer only to die a horrible
death on National Television what kind
of merciful god would allow this to
happen whoever put the holes in that
parachute deserves to burn in
hell oh my God Junior I just watched
Toby die on stage right in front of me I
was sitting next to his girlfriend her
name's panelope too she had the idea to
get me tickets to the show and the meet
and greet passes because we look alike
and we have the same
name oh Junior she even has yellow
glasses like the song Oh you [ __ ] up
so bad but but you you helped me get the
parachute but you cut the holes in the
parachute oh I don't want to talk about
this ever again like And subscribe leave
a comment if you like but don't forget
to subscribe I died in a parachute
accident tonight
[Music]
he